> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wsaz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-10-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091002091454id_/http%3A//www.wsaz.com/unclassified/34218884.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# GRAY TELEVISION, INC. PRIVACY POLICY AND YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS

This Privacy Policy was last updated on April 8, 2009 and is effective immediately. 

GTGI PRIVACY POLICY and YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS This Privacy Policy does not cover the “Ask the Experts” advertising feature or “My Capture” service for user generated content that may be offered on this web channel. Please see the separate privacy policies for Ask the Experts and My Capture. 

At Gray Television Group, Inc. ("GTGI"), we are committed to protecting the privacy, accuracy and reliability of any personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you choose to provide and to safeguarding such information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. This Privacy Policy applies to those web channels for GTGI television stations (“Stations”) that are part of the GTGI Network. For a list of those web channels, **[Click Here.](http://media.graytvinc.com/video/GrayTelevision_InteractiveMap05.swf)** This Privacy Policy governs the collection of any Personal Information you provide to a GTGI web channel that is part of the GTGI Network and does not cover any such information collected by its corporate parent, affiliates, or any other company, unless specifically stated. This Privacy Policy is also incorporated into the GTGI Legal Terms for Web Channel Usage Agreement (“Terms of Use”) by reference. Any capitalized terms not defined in this Privacy Policy will have the same meaning as defined in the Terms of Use. 

Unless specified otherwise on the Service, all users must be at least 18 years of age and a legal resident of the United States to participate in any activity that requires the submission of Personal Information. This Service is designed and targeted to United States (“U.S.”) audiences and is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S. We make no representation that this Service is operated in accordance with the laws or governed by other nations. By your participation in our Service activities, you certify that you are at least 18 years of age and located in the U.S. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the U.S. and you participate in activities on this Service contrary to our policy that only U.S. residents are eligible for certain activities, you do so at your own risk and initiative, and are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. Please be aware that any Personal Information you voluntarily submit to us will be transferred to the U.S and subject to U.S. law. By using this Service, participating in any Service activities, and/or providing us with your Personal Information, you consent to this collection, transfer and use of Personal Information to the U.S., and waive any claims that may arise under your own national laws. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time without notice to you, so please check back often. Certain revisions are effective to you as a user of this web channel immediately upon posting. When we revise the Privacy Policy, we will post a notice on the web channel’s home page. For revisions that are classified as significant changes in the use and disclosure of your information we will also send a notice to your email address currently on file with GTGI, and meet any other requirement under applicable law. If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by sending an e-mail message to lisa.bishop@gray.tv. 

What are “Your California Privacy Rights”? Under California law, California residents who have an established business relationship with us will have the right to receive information about our opt-out policy of sharing your Personal Information with GTGI corporate affiliated companies (collectively, “GTGI Affiliates”) and with non-affiliated third parties, including Advertisers, for marketing purposes. If you wish to learn about our opt-out policies and your rights under California law, please send your written request to us using the email or postal mail address below. In an email request, you must state “Re: Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject line. 

Gray Television Group, Inc. Attn: Lisa Bishop/Your California Privacy Rights Vice President Internet Operations & New Media 126 N. Washington Street Albany, GA 31701 

For all requests, please include your name, street address, city, state and zip code. We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile. We are not responsible for responding to requests that are not labeled or not sent properly, or do not have complete information. Your request to opt-out of our future sharing of your Personal Information with either GTGI Affiliates or third parties will be processed within ten (10) business days of the date it is received in accordance with the information below. Please note that non-affiliated third parties are independent from GTGI and if you wish to stop all communications from such third parties, you will need to address your request to the non-affiliated third parties directly. 

1\. Collection of Personal Information You do not need to provide any Personal Information (which is information that can identify you or can be used to contact you) to use a GTGI web channel or to obtain information from most of the features and activities of a GTGI web channel. In general, you can visit our web channels without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Information. However, if you want to participate in certain online services, you may be asked to provide some Personal Information, such as your name, mailing address, business address, telephone, mobile phone, birth date or age, and/or e-mail address. You might be asked to choose a user name and password, and provide that information when accessing certain online features or services. If you do not want to give us any Personal Information, you can always choose not to participate. The choice is yours. We are only interested in offering you convenient online services that match your interests and needs. Unless stated otherwise, we do not purposefully request contact information for a mobile phone, text messaging or any wireless device that includes a domain name address (such as “.net” or “.com”) as part of the contact information. Federal law prohibits the sending of commercial email messages directly to a wireless device that uses a domain name, unless you have first given your affirmative consent. We may inadvertently collect a wireless device number that includes a domain name when you send us an inquiry or register for a contest or membership club. However, we will not knowingly use that contact information for sending commercial email. We reserve the right to respond to user inquiries or requests sent via a wireless device that uses a domain name as such messages are not deemed to be commercial email and therefore, are not regulated by Federal law. However, when “computer to phone” commercial emails are prohibited by law, we may reject your wireless device contact information when such information is submitted for certain features or services. We will attempt to notify you if we will need new contact information. All users of the Service are required to provide true, current, complete and accurate Personal Information when prompted and we will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faith to be false or fraudulent. Any prize or benefit shall be forfeited due to a rejected or disqualified entry. Your continued participation indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and of the collection, use, disclosure, management and storage of your Personal Information as described below. We may from time to time, transfer or merge any Personal Information collected off-line to our online databases or store off-line information in an electronic format. We may also combine Personal Information we collect online with information available from other sources, including information received from Advertisers, or marketing companies. This Privacy Policy covers all such Personal Information and will remain in full force and effect as long as you are a user of the Service or a participant in Station activities. The list below contains some of the instances when a GTGI web channel, one of its operational service providers or vendors (third party companies that provide internal support to the Service) may collect your Personal Information. Please note that many of our web channels may offer additional online features and services and may ask you to provide some Personal Information before permitting you to access those areas. 

Automated News Services and Updates. This Service may offer you special subscription features for news and news-related topics: 1) “E-News,” “E-Sports,” or “E-Weather” provides news, sports, and weather updates, respectively, via email; and 2) the “First Alert” feature provides weather information at your desktop. For the email updates, you are only required to submit an email address. To subscribe to the First Alert feature, you are required to provide your first and last name, zip code, email address, location of the email address, gender, and birth date. The submission of other information such as your computer’s operating system, ranges for household income and education, and a general description of your profession is voluntary. 

Polls. Many GTGI web channels offer polling areas, which provide users with an opportunity to vote on local and national issues of concern. When you choose to participate in a poll, we may ask you to provide your name, gender, age or birth date, zip code and/or e-mail address. This information helps us to ensure the accuracy of our polling data. 

Surveys. GTGI web channels also may allow users to complete surveys about products or services offered by GTGI or other companies. These surveys may ask for your name and e-mail address, and/or other information, such as your gender, age or birth date and income level. This information helps us to understand our survey results. 

Contests/Trivia. GTGI web channels also afford users many opportunities to play contests or trivia games. When you enter into a contest, trivia game or any other promotional opportunity, we may ask for your name, password information, and telephone number and address (physical and electronic) so that we can contact you if you win. Sometimes we may require you to provide additional information, such as your birth date, gender and income level. Of course, if you do not want to provide such information, you do not need to participate in the online activity. 

Purchases & Shopping. Some GTGI web channels enable users to purchase products. When you purchase products, we may request your name, billing and/or shipping address, email address, telephone number and credit card information. This information allows us to send you the items you ordered, to process payment information, and to respond to product and billing questions. Credit card or debit card account information will be collected via a secured transmission process and will be stored in a commercially reasonable secured manner. Alternatively, the Service may use a third party operational service provider to conduct the financial transaction in a secured manner; the third party payment website will be accessible via a hyperlink from the GTGI Network Station’s web channel and will be solely responsible for all financial transactions and the collection, use, storage and disposal of your Personal Information. 

Chat/Message Boards/Blogs. GTGI web channels also may offer users the chance to participate in public areas, such as chat rooms, message boards, blogs and/or news groups. When you choose to participate in any of these areas, we may request your name, password information and address (physical and electronic). This information helps us respond to questions or concerns about use of these public areas. We reserve the right to edit or delete any Personal Information disclosed to the public. 

Comments/Questions. We afford users an opportunity to submit comments or questions online. You must provide, at minimum, your name to submit a comment or question, in some instances email address is optional. If you choose to provide other Personal Information with, or in your comment or question, we may retain such information in our public correspondence files unless you are identified as a person less than 13 years of age. General correspondence received from children identified as being less than 13 years of age will be deleted and destroyed consistent with the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (“COPPA”). However, GTGI Stations are obligated by the Federal Communications Commission to maintain certain public correspondence related to the operations of the Station in its public inspection file, which may also be available via a Station’s web channel. Such correspondence will be maintained in the GTGI network Stations’ public inspection file and made available for review by the general public as required by the FCC, even such correspondence knowingly received from children. 

2\. Use and Disclosure of Personal Information GTGI web channels use your Personal Information for three general purposes. First, we use the information to provide you with the services you request and to respond to billing and/or other questions related to such service offerings. Second, we use the information to understand your use of our web channels and to notify you about updates to one of our web channels or to send you marketing materials or promotional offers from the Service, GTGI Network Stations, or on behalf of our advertisers, sponsors, and promotional partners (collectively, “Advertisers”) that may be of interest to you. Third, we may use this information in aggregate form to help us evaluate and modify existing services, and to help us develop additional services that are likely to be of interest to our users. 

We reserve the right to collect Personal Information using any new technology yet to be developed and to use such technology to provide new services and features to you, as well as for marketing and promotional purposes. Specific information regarding your choice to Opt-out to such use, or for sharing your Personal Information with Advertisers, will be provided once the new technology, service, or feature is introduced. 

On occasion, GTGI or one of its Network Stations may share your Personal Information with our Advertisers. You will have an opportunity to “Opt-out” of such sharing at the time of registration for the event or feature or by contacting the Service at lisa.bishop@gray.tv 

We also provide you with an option to “Opt-out” of receiving advertising and promotional email from us about GTGI, its Stations or our Advertisers in compliance with federal law by installing an Opt-out mechanism with all such commercial email messages. You must use the designated method in the email message to notify us of your Opt-out request, as we cannot guarantee that other methods of notification will be effective or timely. Please be aware that we may continue to contact you via email for administrative, transactional or informational purposes, including follow-up messages regarding contests you have entered or other transactions you have undertaken. By law, such messages are not considered to be commercial email. 

We are not responsible for removing your Personal Information from third party lists or entities which you have previously authorized us to share your information. You will need to contact those entities directly. We may also share aggregate Personal Information and non-Personal Information about website usage with unaffiliated third parties, including, but not limited to, government agencies, Advertisers, and the media (i.e., __% of GTGI users are female, __% of users have visited certain sections, etc.). This aggregate information does not contain any Personal Information about a specific individual. 

We may share your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties in limited instances. For example, we may share your Personal Information with unaffiliated third parties as is necessary to process or collect payments, or service registered-user accounts. We also may hire third party technology providers to host the GTGI Network and to store your Personal Information. 

In the event that the assets or stock of the Service, GTGI, its Network Stations, and GTGI’s parent company are sold or transferred, merged with a different company or entity, restructured, or subject to other fundamental corporate changes, we reserve the right to disclose any and all databases compiled from Personal Information. We will seek to obligate the company’s successor to agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy, as it may hereafter be modified, but cannot guarantee that we will be able to do so or that the successor company will comply with this obligation. 

Finally, we may be required to disclose Personal Information by law or legal process, to protect and defend the rights or property of a GTGI web channel, to respond to or participate in a governmental inquiry or investigation, or to protect the personal safety of users of our web channels. We also reserve the right to contact appropriate authorities when activities that are illegal (or reasonably presumed to be illegal) or violate our policies is taking place on a GTGI web channel. Except under the limited circumstances described above, we will not disclose any of your Personal Information to unaffiliated third parties. 

3\. How We Protect Personal Information We take reasonable measures to protect the privacy, accuracy, and reliability of any information you choose to provide and to protect such information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Only authorized employees are permitted to access Personal Information, and they only may do so for permitted business functions. Any employee who violates our privacy access policies will be subject to disciplinary action. 

However, please note that this Service does not use a secured connection for the transmission of Personal Information except for the purchase of goods and services. When a user transmits Personal Information over an unsecured Internet connection, Personal Information during the transmission such as your email or registration could be copied or intercepted by unknown third parties. Therefore, you understand, acknowledge and agree that you transmit certain Personal Information over this Service at your own risk. 

4\. Accessing or Deleting Your Personal information If you have submitted Personal Information through a GTGI web channel and you would like to access that information, please send an e-mail to rstora@gcslink.com. We will use reasonable efforts to supply you with this information and to correct any factual inaccuracies that you identify. Upon your request, we also will remove your Personal Information from our active databases. Given the limitations of our computer systems, corporate business policies, and federal or state laws, we may not be able to delete all of your Personal Information. We reserve the right to deny access to any user if we believe there is a question about his/her identity. And if the burden or expense of providing access to a user’s Personal Information is disproportionate to the potential privacy risks to that user, or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated, we may chose to not provide access to such information. In such cases, we will provide you with an explanation and a contact person for further inquiries. 

5\. Collection, Use and Disclosure of Non-Personal Information GTGI web channel may collect and freely disclose information about you that is not personally identifiable, as described in the next two sections below. We reserve the right to merge any such information with your Personal Information but will do so only in accordance with GTGI guidelines and applicable law. 

6\. Internet Protocol Addresses An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you access the Internet. This number by itself does not identify your name, e-mail address or other Personal Information. If you request pages from any GTGI web channel, that web channel's server will enter your IP address into a log. To maintain user anonymity, GTGI does not associate or link IP addresses with records containing Personal Information unless it is necessary to enforce the law, our Terms of Use, protect GTGI, its users, employees, operational service providers or Advertisers, or to defend against or investigate any charges or claims against GTGI. We also do not permit IP addresses to be associated and viewed with posts to chat rooms, blogs and bulletin boards by other users. We store IP addresses for a period of time to help us to identify anyone who refuses to comply with our Terms of Service, applicable law, and to identify visitors who threaten our Service, web channel, customers or others. We also will use this information to measure web channel traffic for purposes of system administration and for our Advertisers. This aggregate data also helps us to understand how people are using the web channel and helps us improve your online experience. 

7\. Passive Collection of User Information via Cookies and Web Beacons GTGI web channels passively collect certain kinds of non-Personal information automatically through the use of "cookies." "Cookies" are small text files that recognize repeat visitors, facilitate ongoing access and personalization to some of our features and activities and other websites, and will allow us to understand how and when pages are visited and by how many people. Cookies can store a variety of information, including IP addresses, navigational data, server information, data transfer times, user preferences, shopping cart information and passwords needed to access our web channels and Service. We use cookies to make improvements and updates based on which areas are popular and which are not. We may also use cookies to serve customized advertising or content to you based on your geographic location, age, gender, or other demographics that you have provided to us and to ensure the accuracy of our polling data. You may configure your browser to warn you each time a cookie is being sent. If you do not want to allow our cookies on your computer, you must configure your browser to turn off all cookies used by GTGI, our system does not allow you to opt-out to them individually. However, if you do so, you might not be able to access important functions or enjoy certain conveniences or customized features of our Service. A web beacon (also called a web bug, pixel tag or a clear GIF) is typically a small transparent graphic image that is placed on a web page or in an email and is used to monitor the activity of the user visiting the webpage or email. Web beacons are used for website traffic reporting, auditing and reporting user clicks on an ad, and tracking the number of unique visitors to a webpage or ad. Web beacons and cookies may also be used in combination to customize your experience on this web channel by monitoring your activity and interests. 

Our Advertisers and third party network advertising servers, such as Google, will also place cookies and/or web beacons on your computer to personalize your experience on this web channel. Cookies and web beacons are standard in the Internet advertising industry. Google will use the DART Double Click Cookie to use non-Personal Information about your visits to and activities on this web channel and other websites within the ad serving network in order to provide advertisements and promotions about goods and services of interest to you. Such non-Personal Information includes your IP Address, search activity, website viewing history, purchase and transaction history, and/or advertising views. This information is not merged, linked or associated with your Personal Information, such as an email address. Please note that GTGI does not control Advertiser cookies or web beacons, and such technology is not subject to this Privacy Policy. Please see Google’s “Privacy Policy for Google Ads and the Google Content Network” for more information about this form of personalized advertising and learn about your opt-out choices. <http://www.google.com/privacy_cookies.html>

Please be aware that opting out of a network advertising server does not mean you will no longer receive online advertising. It does mean that the network from which you opted out will no longer deliver ads tailored to your web preferences and usage patterns. Additionally, the Google Opt-out Tool is cookie-based. In order for the Tool to work on your computer, your browser must be set to accept third party cookies. If you buy a new computer, change web browsers or delete this cookie, you will need to perform the opt-out task again. 

8\. Safeguarding Children's Privacy GTGI web channels will not knowingly collect Personal Information or any other identifying data from children under 13 years of age without first obtaining verifiable consent from a parent or legal guardian. Requests for parental consent will explain how we collect, use, and disclose children's Personal Information, and will include an opportunity for parents to prevent use of their children's Personal Information, as well as to prevent their children from participating in features which involve the collection of Personal Information. In addition, if/when we request Personal Information from children less than 13 years of age with verifiable parental consent, we will not require the child to disclose more Personal Information than is necessary in order to participate in any online feature or service. 

Should a child whom we know to be under 13 submit Personal Information to a GTGI web channel without first obtaining verifiable parental consent, we will immediately reject any such entry and delete that information from our database, unless such information meets an exception under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act or pertains to the programming or operations of GTGI Network Stations and therefore, will be subject to the regulations of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). We are required by the FCC to post any such emailed comments on this web channel. (See above Comments/Question Section.) 

Except to meet FCC, other regulatory and legal purposes, we will not use, distribute or disclose any child's Personal Information to third parties without prior parental consent. Unless we are required to retain any Personal Information for regulatory, tax or other legal purposes we will promptly remove such information from our database if a parent withdraws his or her consent to our use or maintenance of Personal Information collected from his or her child. 

9\. External Links GTGI web channels may provide links to various external websites or services (collectively referred to as a “Linked Website”). (Please see the Service’s Legal Terms for Web Channel Use Agreement for more information.) When you click on one of these links, you will be transferred from a GTGI web channel and connected to the service or website of the third party organization or company that you selected. Even if an affiliation exists between GTGI and a third party Linked Website, you understand, acknowledge and agree that GTGI exercises no control and has no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or business practices of a Linked Website. Each of these Linked Websites (such as “Ask the Experts” and “My Capture”) maintains its own independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures. If you visit a website that is linked to a GTGI web channel, you should consult that website's privacy policy before providing those websites with any of your Personal Information. 

10\. Framed Websites/Pages The Service may also include certain pages that are “framed” and link to third party websites (“Framed Pages”). We provide these Framed Pages as a convenience to our users. A Framed Page may have the same look and feel as other pages on the Service, with a GTGI or Network Station logo and border, but Framed Pages are often merely gateways to other websites. Even if an affiliation exists between GTGI and a Framed Page, you understand, acknowledge and agree that GTGI exercises no control over Framed Pages, and GTGI is not responsible for any content or the privacy policies or data-collection practices of a Framed Page. The privacy policy of the Framed Page, if any, will control your use of, and provision of information to or through, the Framed Page. If you visit a Framed Page, you should consult the Framed Page’s privacy policy before providing any Personal Information. 

11\. Terms, Changes and Questions By using a GTGI web channel, you signify your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use the web channel or disclose any Personal Information. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on the web channel’s home page. We will also notify you of significant changes via email (if we have your current email address). If you do not agree to the changes in the Privacy Policy, you understand, acknowledge and agree that your only recourse is to stop using our Service, and your continued use of our Service constitutes acceptance of such changes in the Privacy Policy, except where further steps are required by applicable law. The effective date of this Privacy Policy is noted in the beginning of this Privacy Policy. 

If you have any questions or comments about this policy or our use of Personal Information, you may send an e-mail to lisa.bishop@gray.tv or send a letter to the following address: 

Gray Television, Inc. Attn: Lisa Bishop Vice President Internet Operations & New Media 126 N. Washington Street Albany, GA 31701 We will use reasonable efforts to promptly investigate any complaint you may have regarding our use of Personal Information. Copyright © 2009 Gray Television, Inc. All Rights Reserved.  
  
---  
PHONE IN YOUR YELLS TO: 1-866-616-5354   
  
_The Yell: Comments for the Week of 9/27_

  * Posted By: : Kieth,many are leaving the republican party and I happen to be one.I don't wish to support a party of child molesters,adulators,moral and religious hypocrites and persons who would willing try to tear this great country apart because we lost some political offices.The act of ignoring the page incidents to keep one vote for the party really shocked me,then the all out support regardless of the immoral act just because they are a republican just sucks.I will from now on be an independent and hopefully there will be some persons like Ross Perot,or some good old fashion republican stand up and offer to serve our great country.
  * Posted By: Pirate: Wheelersburg has over 300 students out with the flu. Why is that not mentioned, but Portsmouth gets so much attention for one case? It doesn't make sense. Where's Wheelersburg's 15 minutes of WSAZ fame???
  * Posted By: Portsmouth Teacher: The principal came around at 2:40 and gave us notes about the swine flu to pass out to our students. I know all the bus students got the letter, but I heard some kindergarten students had already been picked up. There wasn't anything for Mrs Snyder to do if your child was already dismissed. The school is good about getting things out, but they didn't get the info until late. It may be a good idea in the future for a copy to be posted on the webpage at Portsmouth City Schools to make sure everyone can read it, even students who were absent. I will suggest that in the future. They were not trying to hide anything. The sent out 1,100 letters to try to let everyone know. I'm sorry your child didn't get one before going home. We all make mistakes, but we try! The students are our #1 concern.
  * Posted By: Jane Doe: First of all, It's called Infocision. Secondly, I used to work there a couple years back and we never made calls from this area. We made calls to the west coast and the west coast calls the east coast. That way you don't know the person. I hated it!
  * Posted By: Keith...dear Lord, can it get any worse with this guy?: I just heard about Obama's "Safe Schools Czar" he is connected to a book called "Queering Elementary Education," no kidding, unbelievable, right? Parents, these folks would NEVER try to subvert your child in the public schools would they? Also, endorsing this book is Obama chum/terrorist murderer Bill Ayers, in whose Chicago home Obama once kicked off a campaign. Birds of a feather flock together; Ayers, "Preacher" Wright (G***#@@D*#&@&^^ America) self admitted commie Geeen Giant Jobs Czar Van Jones, the ACORN sewer, where on earth does Obama find his friends?
  * Posted By: Hey Big Earl: Earl, your fifteen minutes are up and already eating into the ones allotted your grandchildren. But then, you don't really seem to care about your progeny or anyone else's. That is obvious by the way you think that anyone who tries to preserve- or simply abstain from destroying- Earth is a hippie. So, please, go fall into an abandoned mine, or maybe walk off a plateau where a mountaintop used to be. Thanks!
  * Posted By: Keith....hey Edith, don't be so sure...: When you have Justices of the US Supreme Court who say that we need to consider foreign law when deciding cases in the US, the scenario you describe is not too far away. Changing channels, looks like big bad Barry has picked a fight with Hugo Cha.., no oops, I mean Mahmoud Ac...no, sorry, Moammar Khadaffy, no, not him; no thug dictator or tyrant is being confronted by Obama, he goes after a radio talk show host. Great. Parents of military members, spouses, children, is it going to far to say thank a union member for Obama, when you hear that he has not spoken to the general he appointed in Afghanistan where your loved one is fighting in 70 days? Does anyone remember the ad Hillary ran, it said Obama chaired a committee with oversight of the war, and he hadn't held a single hearing? He could care less; but by golly we gotta have those Olympics! Can anyone tell me the carbon footprint of the two JUMBO jets O used to fly himself and his wife to Denmark on? And how many lost jobs in Sept?
  * Posted By: Gandalf: Hey Keith: Why would 31% of seniors not want Obamacare? Do not 100% of seniors qualify for medicare? Stupid analogy in my opinion. Ask someone relevant to the topic for an opinion rather than people who are not going to be effected. Oh sorry, they will have to pay more taxes, wont they? Maybe if they have $250,000 income yearly. Want to really make them bleed? Say FLAT RATE TAX. For everyone. No exceptions, no exemptions, no excuses.
  * Posted By: Austin: To Edith, although the UN technically does not have any control over the US legal system they do desire it. The whole purpose of the UN is a world government. They do presure countries to bend to their influence. Many of our liberal politicians agree with their policies and try to push the UN's agenda. Just listen to some of the people in Australia and England who thought they would never loose their gun ownership rights.
  * Posted By: NRA CALLS: I think the NRA calls are coming from that telemarketing place in Gallipolis, Ohio. Its called Cisco or something like that. I get them all the time.
  * Posted By: J: Is there a reason WSAZ is not reporting on the newest casualty of H1N1 in Cabell County? The schools think if we ignore it that it will just go away, I hope our media does not start doing the same.
  * Posted By: Edith: My husband got a call yesterday evening from the NRA. The NRA asked him if he supported or did not support recent efforts by the UN to ban guns in the U.S., then before he could give an answer, they asked him to listen to a taped message from Wayne Lapierre. They didn't get that far. My husband told them they were out of their minds if they thought he believed such lies. Anyone who knows anything at all about the legal system knows the U.N. has no control whatsoever over U.S. law. I don't believe this was a poll in the traditional sense. I believe it was a so-called Push Poll. Has anyone else received this ridiculous phone call?
  * Posted By: Jeannie: Yeah, right, ACORN is the BIG problem. My goodness, they must have had INTENTIONS of wasting taxpayer dollars. If a few bad apple employees mean that the entire organization is bad, then there are many, many more institutions that are corrupt. Fox News had a sideline director at the 9/12 whatever event in Washington that was whipping up the crowd for the cameras so as to give the impression that crowd was wildly supportive of whatever it is the 9/12 project is supporting. Fox News said they have disciplined her; however, disciplining those that behave inappropriately (Fox news director and/or ACORN employees) is not sufficient punishment. Based on the logic used against ACORN, Blackwater and Halliburton both needs to repay tax dollars and have current contracts nullified. Halliburton fraudulently overcharged the govt (my tax dollars) for meals provided to the military. Blackwater committed crimes (paid for with my tax dollars) in Iraq by gunning down innocent civilians, hiding behind..
  * Posted By: Jane Doe: Yes, Of course! Thank you for pointing that out! You guys never miss a beat!Thanks.
  * Posted By: one finger to kris rebuttal: i almost fell off my chaaairrr laughing.you have your porn imigination mixed up with peace on earth goodwill towards man.hey people agrivate a lib misspell a wurdd.if you didnt read kris rebutall go back and read it.not responsible for accidents falling off chair laffin.now back to something important,,,saving america.thanks for the laugh kris u made my day.
  * Posted By: Just saying: Jane Doe you forgot to mention the woman they killed when they lost control of their vehicle, don't forget her family.
  * Posted By: to annon.: typical liberal logic.if education is the most important thing that must mean family,working ,being a decent moral person,a good citizzen etc must be unimportant.did you ever hear the term"educated fool"?that seems to be what many people are getting these days.and obama wants more school time for more endoctrination.investigate his czars and see what our childrens will be educated with.maybe your children dont deserve better but mine does and i will be vigilent.no doubt you are a" PUBLIC SERVANT".and poor jeannie,just cant get over someone else needing to work longer and harder to make her life better.typical lives off the fat of the land attitude.
  * Posted By: mason county kid: I'm suspended again. It makes me feel ostracized. Now I have a long list of chores to do at home. This really isn't fair. I see the teachers and principal do much worst things. The only thing I said was that heard some moaning sounds coming from the hall closet...Oh well, life is just not fair. I might as well get over it and scrub the foor which is the first thing on my list.
  * Posted By: Kris: Poor Big Earl: Looks like the EPA is slowing down your Mountain Top Raping. I'll take you to McDonald's and buy you a Happy Meal. Peace to ALL!
  * Posted By: portsmouth mom: well the kindergarteners DID NOT get a letter.well.about the swine flu.i know its all over., but some portsmouth parents wernt informed about it. at least mrs snyders class didnt get one.the school should mailed those parents letters but no they didnt bother to do so.its not right we are worried about our children too.
  * Posted By: Jane Doe: Hmm...I guess that comment was towards me. I can't think of anything that I have wrote incorrectly. Apparently, You don't have any kind of life. To sit here each night and critize my comments! Moving on...There are 4 cases of swine flu in the city school district where I live. So I think even if my child doesn't go to the same school, They should send papers home to all children in the same district. Because these children do interact with each other at football games and different other activities throughout the school year, But only the parents in the same school get informed. The only reason I know about the other cases is because my husband works at the hospital where they are being treated! All parents should be aware!!This is a deadly disease!
  * Posted By: Portsmouth: My nephew is in 6th grade, and he brought a letter home Friday saying someone had the swine flu. My friend has kids in 1st, 2nd, and 4th and she got a letter Friday from all their classes. I do not know why your child didn't get one. That is really bad that it is there, but I think it's everywhere, it sounds like. Someone even died in Cincinnati from swine flu.
  * Posted By: To Tammy: Portsmouth City schools DID send out letters last Friday about oneSUSPECTED case. They said they did a rapid test at Dr Hudson's office, and it came back positive, but that test is often not accurate. Both of my children got the letter and brought it home Friday. It even had ideas about prevention. Maybe your child didn't bring their letter home. I don't know what grade your's is in, but when mine were small, they always forgot to bring things home. Anyway, my child's teacher said the janitors were in over the weekend cleaning and disinfecting everything, and that the teachers are bleaching regularly. PES is a great place, and our kids are lucky to have such a nice school. This flu is everywhere, not just there!
  * Posted By: Keith...headlines, headlines: So, power bill is rising; is this a part of Obama's plan to "skyrocket" utility costs with his anti-coal policies? Speaking of, looks like the EPA has been turned loose on coal mining, just what we need, more job losses, more economic malaise. But, never fear, O can jet half the world away to beg for the Olympics. Does the guy ever work, and if so, what does he accomplish? Not much by the looks of it. Perhaps he will put in a call to his commanding general in Afghanistan on the way over, maybe it is time for that one-call-every-75 days. Rasmussen reports that only 31% of seniors want Obamacare. This is great, thank you seniors for standing up against this. Did anybody hear that Nick Rahall voted to continue funding ACORN? Can someone find out if this is true? Does he approve of ACORN coaching people on how to smuggle children into the country for prostitution? At his "town hall" joke-meeting he disparaged Fox several times...he probably doesn't even know about the story.
  * Posted By: Raven: Senate climate bill drops "cap and trade" term. Here we go Again they are now trying to fly under the radar.Whats next national health care reform will be called- your gonna take it and like it or else- http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20090930/ap_on_go_co/us_climate_rebranding_2
  * Posted By: : ....if you can't read or write or spell correctly you shouldn't be allowed to have a choice or opinion in what goes on in the world...there are more important things, true, but education comes first, if you don't have that...you got nothing!
  * Posted By: Jeannie: I am almost proud of Jay Rockefeller again. Fight for the public option Jay. Without it, we can't call it health care reform. Health insurance companies that "promise" to change will not do so unless forced. Just like Wall Street.
  * Posted By: Hey Kris: What "piece" do you find? SeriousLY?
  * Posted By: Jane Doe: Hello. There was several other people commenting to Scott! Get over yourself. This is a free country and you don't run WSAZ. Please, Focus on someone else. I have every right to be on here as you.
  * Posted By: buck: For the truth watch Fox News. Not saying the others are not being truthful but rather afraid to tell it. Beck, Hannity, Greta, O'Reilly and many others on Fox
  * Posted By: Big Earl: Hello again all you good working coal miner people of WV this is Big Earl and you people better keep an eye on your privy do you remember that man Mr Whipple what used to be on the TV he worked in the TV grocery store and his only job was to hang around the toilet paper shelf and shoo all the hosewifes away that was squeezing the charmin it was a running battle between him and Rosie with her bounty towels who could aggravate the most people wiping up every drop of coffee spilled on the counter well I seen a story in that newspaper and now I know why these tree huggers is screaming and boohooing about all the trees being cut down now these nuts and there PETA type buddies are after your toilet paper saying it is bad for the earth and plugging up all the pipes I told you people these tree huggers don’t have no sense what do they do when they climb up a tree to bother the miners they do there business in buckets and throw it down all over there mother earth well better get ready to dig a outhouse and keep all your Charleston newspapers handy hey maybe you hippies over to the PBS channel can do a story about how to chop down a tree and turn it into Charmin that would be a good public service.
  * Posted By: Kris: Oops: Peace not piece. Peace to ALL!
  * Posted By: transparency: i think the longer it takes to get the police tapes out concerning the police officer and the other person killed will only add to the suspicion of doctored tapes.we all feel for both families.but there will probably be a wrongfull death law suit and the tapes will have to be shown.i was puzzled at the minor damage of the cars involved.a tragedy for every one involved.
  * Posted By: Kris: Rebuttal: I apologize. The word idiot is a little harsh. I should have said uneducated or simpletons. When I posted that, there were only three posts for the week. Go back and look at the first three. You have to read them twice just to try and figure out what they are trying to convey. There is a reason why we have proper grammar and punctuation. Also, they just ramble on and on and on! The sky if falling, the sky is falling! I do find some piece in the fact that people who post on here with their horrible writing skills and just ramble will never be in a position with power. Nobody would take them serious. Peace to ALL!
  * Posted By: Sandra: Why is it that a man who molests a child gets a lower bond than a man that gets caught with crack cocaine?My opinion is that it should be reversed and even worse for the man that has molested the child..I dont agree with either of the charges but to me it would be common sense to charge the man that molests children with the higher charge. You can always better yourself from the crack cocaine but not from molestation charges....
  * Posted By: For "Hotty Scotty": Scott, do you not realize that we are fighting wars, people are losing jobs and children are starving and you are worried about grammar? Really! I wish I had your life. Is that all you have to worry about. The fact someone doesn't us a question mark? I guess with that care free lifestyle you have you must be getting hit on by chicks all the time. I am suprized you even had time to post a comment.
  * Posted By: one finger: agravate a liberal,dont use capitol letters,commas,miss a lettr ,etc.tell a good jokke,make them more miserable than they already r.don,t worry be happy.
  * Posted By: one finger: i dont get annal over spelling,commas,etc.intelligent people who are really intelligent miss a letter,and dont really care.now tell me what you think of obamas czars and why.what do you think of your politicans direction for america.what about local politican and ordinances.for instance do you bring your dog inside,should you be fined if you dont etc.so you see my sin of not conforming to your ellitist attitute is unimportant in the scheme of things.what do you think of o,s safe school czar?dont sweat the small things about this blog site,dont worry be happy.thanks keith you trully can prophesy the libs.but then again a simpleton like me doesn,t find it too hard either.the solutions for libs is to shut down freedom of speech for every one but them.ain,t gonna happen.....
  * Posted By: one finger: when you,re right you,re right.now can we get on to saving our freedoms.i doubt anyone with any true intelligence cares whether i,,, n,,miss a key or put a comma in its proper place,a capitol letter etc.after all i can,t raise yor taxes,endoctrinate your children,destroy your private health care,destroy the natural resources that make our utilities affordable etc.so people if my so called illiteracy is all u have to worry about u are trully blest.and only communist,facist,marxist think that free speech is evil,not name calling,just a fact.why are libs so unhappy and want to spread their misery to everyone else?lighten up u,ll like it.did i make enough mistakes to make u happy?
  * Posted By: tammy: Iam upset with Portsmouth City Schools.There is H1N1 FLU going around in the schools and they wont inform anyone.I had to find out about it from rumors ,and then i decided to email the Principle ,she sais yes its in out school,i sent letters out telling parents,so did she forget my son went to that school ,because i didnt recieve a letter and still havent.I feel like my son doesnt matter.or should i say important enough to be informed about the flu.maybe i should just pull him out of the Portsmouth city schools.
  * Posted By: Jane Doe: Oh My Gosh! I get so sick of this. Hello people. There were at least 4 other people writing to Scott. I wasn't the only one to make a comment to him! Why does everyone have to pick on me! I have every right to be on here as you! Who cares if you don't like my opinions. The Yell is for everyone. Get over yourself! This is WSAZ. Do you run WSAZ? I thought so. Mind your business. If you don't like my comments, Please don't read them. Move on to someone else.
  * Posted By: To holier than thou Jane Doe: Oh here we go again. Jane, once again...get over yourself. Nobody cares to hear your opinion on anything.
  * Posted By: Jane Doe: To Scott: Please get a life. I hope you realize that your comment makes you sound like a huge jerk! I think I heard that on CNN, Scott from WSAZ is the smartest man on Earth! I'm guessing you're not married either.
  * Posted By: to great scott: The people who don't know how to spell or use grammar correctly probably don't know that you are talking to them lol.
  * Posted By: Beth: I would like to invite the President to my first grade class around 2:00 in the afternoon, after they have caught the bus at 6:25 that morning! Maybe he could take over the second week of June for me and my co-workers while we pay $900. per class to go back and finish our Masters Degree. Obama needs to have a reality check before spouting off about things he has no clue about!
  * Posted By: FURIOUS!!: I am so upset by SOMC in Portsmouth's decision to cut the peds department. I am done with this crappy hospital. It's not that far toColumbus where you can see a real doctor that knows what they are doing, and will see ALL patients, regardless of theirr age. I guess the huge heart dept was more important than the children in the area. Have some sense, people!!! The children are our future. If we run families with children away from our are because they can't get proper health care for their children, who will rake care of YOU when you are old. This will be a ghost town for the 80 and older crowd!!!
  * Posted By: Gandalf is so right..: Gandalf, I think your 100 percent correct. Three people back to back using only lower case?
  * Posted By: Patty: Re/Great Scott! LOL...I'm glad someone brought up this subject of grammar...but I doubt they know the difference between an apostrophe and a comma.
  * Posted By: Jennifer S.: To Great Scott...Please find a hobby or maybe a good therapist...I think you need some help!
  * Posted By: To "great " Scott: I beg to differ. An intelligent person has no trouble at all understanding the posts you are referring to. I hate to disappoint some of you, but when WSAZ says "this is your forum", I don't think they mean that literally.
  * Posted By: Great Scott!: I would like to yell about the extremely poor spelling, grammar, and punctuation in a few of these posts. Please, if you're not intelligent enough to spell simple words, get a dictionary or use a spellchecker (there is one featured on this site when you post, but I guess it's not working for some people.) Also, if you don't understand the difference between a comma and an apostrophe, then please don't bother posting at all. No one will take your opinion seriously (and will more than likely find it more amusing than informative) if you do not at least make a small effort to be grammatically correct. I don't know if you are lacking in typing skills, posting from a mobile device, or possibly born with only one finger, but here are a few tips that will hopefully aid you in your next posting venture: 1. There should be at least one space after each sentence (you can make a space by pressing the long, rectangular key at the bottom of your keyboard.) 2. Do not use commas as apostrophes.
  * Posted By: Tom: At least the Fairview school system got it right. I am glad they are concerned for the safety and well being of their students...that is more than I can say for the Chesapeake, Ohio school district. It is getting old. I do not see how this school is staying open. I can not wait until next week when they have their "funding week" and half of the school is out because they were not more proactive than they have been.
  * Posted By: To so-called Idiots: Keep posting! If we are lucky maybe Kris will go somewhere else. That person's gall is laughable!
  * Posted By: Angry Swine Flu Parent!!: As A Mother Of 4 I Wonder if anyone will began to inform us of the the swine flu that is spreading so fast!while taking one of my children to the Dr I was informed of 19 cases in a 24 hr period at a local office.After contacting my childrens school in concern of a outbreak I was reinsured things were under control.I watched As I saw many children leaving school due to them being sick. I ask if there was any cases of swine in thier school and shoulders was shrug.Never a Answer.Like I said now My Son is the one who is sick With a positive swine test.If Only they would be honest with the parents maybe we can control this h1n1.why isnt the schools or health department doing anything?Why is it being Hush Hush?whats more importian the health of our children? Or The Scare.please inform parents,clean the schools or whatever needs to be done to control this!What is It Going To Take The Loss Of Many Children Before Someone Steps In And Does Something???Close The Scholls And Clean.
  * Posted By: To- Bob: PIPE DOWN BOB.. After all this is a free service. WSAZ is under no obligation to listen to you piss and moan!
  * Posted By: to instigator: longer school time will make more time to endoctrinate children,aren,t you watching listening to alternative obama news.have you heard about o,s school safety czar?read up on all his czars,and see what direction he wants this country to go in.maybe he can hire liz taylor to instruct about how to have and keep one marriage,maybe michael moore can head the capitalism is evil department and he,ll probably give his capitalist wealth to you and me,maybe a. gore can head a dept to tell us how to shiver this winter mor effeciently etc.does o.know any decent people?i,m waiting for one name.parents read about o,s safe school czar,then you will get a glimpse of o,s remaking of america.
  * Posted By: Cathy: I am so tired of Issue 3 commercials (Ohio). I think all the commercials are going to backfire. Thank goodness remotes have mute buttons!!
  * Posted By: Keith...hey Ruth, Instigator.......and Kris: Kris, same old name calling, you make a prophet out of me daily. Ruth, Instigator, it is a scary thought, but how else can you indoctrinate the kids if you don't have them? Take steps, vote with your feet. Hey, I watched Bill O'Reilly last night, he had Juan Williams, the liberal dark skinned gentleman from NPR, on the show to critique the video of the kids who were lined up by the school teacher to sing to Noble Leader, and it gave me an idea, here goes: George Walker Bush, deliverer of Iraq, Ummm Ummm Ummm. George Walker Bush, slayer of Saddam, Ummm Ummmm Ummmm. George Walker Bush, put unemployment in the tank, Ummmm Ummmm Ummmm. George Walker Bush, freed the women of Afghanistan, Ummmm Ummmm Ummmm. Great, isnt it? Now liberal teachers, lets put all the kids in a line and sing our song, somebody get the video rolling. Really, just kidding everyone, that never happened during the Bush years that anyone knows of. Have you seen the Ummm Ummm Ummm video to Obama? From New Jersey Elem.?
  * Posted By: to gandaf and kris: well i see that you didn,t have any relevant facts or news.just tipical name calling.you need to get a sense of humor and rry to be happy.oh i keep forgetting,its not your fault its every one elses.your goal in life seems to try to make every one as miserable as all the libs seem to be.but you will have to admit that flushing one time a day would save a record amount of resources.hope the al gores of this world done think up this remedy or every one but them will be priced out of more than one trip to the potty.did you notice i didn,t call one name.try it you,ll like it.
  * Posted By: Jane Doe: It's been three years today that Dale Holcomb and Josh Risner (Ohio State Troopers) died in a car wreck. Just wanted to mention that and to let the families know that we have not forgotten. I think about them everday when I drive by that spot on the road. My thoughts are still with you.
  * Posted By: Bob: UPDATE THE YELL WHATS WRONG WITH YOU PEOPLE WAKE UP!!!!!!
  * Posted By: Gandalf: Going to be an interesting week. The first three posts sound as if they were written by the same idiot!
  * Posted By: Keith...hey Republicans, Independents, change your registration now!: Did you guys see the new numbers on Rasmussen? Obama's big government health care bill is now down 56-41%, the largest unfavorable margin ever. Clearly, the public is demanding health care reform and the polls reflect it...yeah, sure, keep it up Nick, Jay, Nancy, 2010 is on the way, closer every day. I have a good idea to solve the uproar about so called "race" issues. All republicans and independents who disagree with Obama should immediately change their registration to democrat, that way you can say or do anything and get away with it. You can drive a car into the water and leave a woman to die, no problem. You can tell "racist" jokes, like Biden, Hillary, Bill Clinton, all do; no problem. You can be a former Klan member, no problem; you can also disagree with Obama, and, as Hillary once screeched, disagreeing is a right and the highest form of patriotism, so "racist" problem solved! New jobless numbers come out Friday, good thing the stimulus bill passed and kept it under 8%-Biden.
  * Posted By: food for thought: Just as I was about to point out some of these enviro-eco yahoos like using very, very, untrue and completely inaccurate information they go and announce a march. YES that is right a march from the Capitol to an MTR site. Hey CGZ, MA,MJ, OVEC, and all you dope smoking Cali's>> When you find that MTR site let us know. P.S. I know men don't like asking directions but in this case you may want to swallow your pride and DO IT. You guys are putting the Funny Bone out of business. Yeah that's a pitch for a local establishment in Huntington, but hey I'm promoting economic growth.
  * Posted By: Ruth: Now Obama wants to lengthen the school day and school. My chils catches a school bus at 6:15 every morning and doesn't return home until 4:25. I know of others that catch it earlier and arrive hoe later. If we add a couple of hours to each day we can forget any extra activities after school. Also, how are we going to pay for all of this. I'm sure teachers would have to be paid more and we can't give them what they deserve now. Electric and gas bills would increase to keep buildings warm and cool. Wouldn't they need to eat again if they stayed longer? That means more money from states that are barely above water now. I could go on and on. What is he thinking? I won't even get into more months being added! Ask any teacher what they do in the summer and thwey will tell you GO TO SCHOOL. How would they attend their own classes if we go later each ay and in the summer? He scares me to death with his "notions".
  * Posted By: Big Earl: Well hello again good working coal people of WV this is Big Earl and people I for one am sick and tired of these people throwing off on WV cooking these so called cooks off the TV running around insulting us and saying we are fat and don’t eat right well if I get my choice between my fried chicken biscuits and gravy or your hippie tofu and erougalas it don’t take Homer Hickman to figure out which one it will be. Hey Gov. Joe why don’t you put in a word with the President when he is up at the UN to have WV day for lunch I am sure it would be a nice change from some of the slop some of these people eat in there part of the world like snails or goat salad next thing you know there will be some restaurant that tries to start selling it around here. Well people there are many reasons why WV has good eating and MacDonalds is one of them it don’t matter where you go in the world you can get a Big Mack Fries and a shake last time I checked even the burger king has wised up and threw them veggie burgers in the trash so there you PETA types come on down to Boone Co. I will buy you a big Angus burger it might make a man out of you yet.
  * Posted By: Kris: To Idiots: To the idiots who have recently started posting on here and you know who you are...find a different site please. Peace to ALL!(Even you)
  * Posted By: Worried Mom: WSAZ, please do whatever it takes to see why the Chesapeake Ohio school system feels it is not important for our children to be kept safe. The school is overrun with H1N1 and the school is making no attempt to stop its rapid spread. The school needs to be closed and cleaned completely. Since when did funding from the state become more important than the lives of our children?
  * Posted By: Have a little Faith: "If God did not exist, it would be necessary to invent him." Voltaire, For And Against
  * Posted By: Instigator: Haven't posted for a few months, mainly because they weren't posted!! This is about O's idea of longer time for children to be in school, weekends and summer. I think this is so stupid because more kids will get so sick of school that they will dropout as soon as they are old enough. All my kids, 4 older and now 2 that are in grade school are straight A students. Some kids can spend the rest of their lives in school and still not make the grade. It has a lot to do with the parents. The kids need to be motivated to learn, not more time in the classroom! The parents need to step up, the way our leader is thinking the kids will be spending more time away from their family who should be teaching them what they need to learn. Parents don't have time with their kids the way it is now. We don't need O telling us our kids need to spend more time in school, not taking in consideration the huge cost! To big earl, who is always down on hippies -did your wife or girlfriend leave u for them.lol
  * Posted By: : Racial profiling in area. I had someone pick up a police information report (lost/stolen wallet) for me at the Mason Co. Sheriff. On this report it stated: Race-Unknown, Ethnicity-Hispanic. (Being way off-French Canadian & Native American/Canadian). Officer totally went by my last name and what I looked like. NOW; I know how others feel!
  * Posted By: what????: military leader in charge of afghanistan says we need a surge to defeat the enemy.o says if he mandates it today it will take till jan.to be implimented.obama insist he wants to win but will have to think about a surge.remember this is a man who thinks victory is a dirty word.america is mostly wrong and every other negative thing he can call america.and gdafi wishes o would just own up to being muslim.remember he didn,t join in the national day of prayer but did acknoledge a muslim holy day.?????????who will a defeat in the middle east be rewarded?so many questions so few ligitimate answers.if it walks like a duck,if it quakes like a duck,if it looks like a duck......p.c.???
  * Posted By: go green: with our planet in so much peril ,our drinking water being poluted by mankind,poor animals being rooted out etc.i,ve come up with a solution on the poluted water problem.here it is,only urinate once a day,only have bowel movements once a week.i feel like a genios,no body else thought about it.that will give the poluting coal co,s more leewy and keep our electricity pn.some one let the envirominilist know so they can lead the way and lead by example.we know they care more than we do.has been movie stars,the al gores,rockefellers,kenedys etc.need to lead by example.that goes for the peons and peasant enviornmentalist as well.let us know how you are progressing and your state of mind as well.hope this is p.c.enough.
  * Posted By: b.hussein o.: well it looks like o,s muslim brothers dont have too much respect for his whining and apologies for evil america.is this an america he and michelle can be proud of now?is o going to let iran spit in his,our face and go on apologizing.jimmy carter times one hundred times over.only israel will have the guts to stop this holocost denier.our country is going down little by little,theres change alright.bush is looking better all the time.



\+ [Ashland, KY](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=25392)  
\+ [Athens, OH](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=25393)  
\+ [Beckley, WV](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=25394)  
\+ [Charleston, WV](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=25395)  
\+ [Clarksburg, WV](https://web.archive.org/web/20091002091454id_/http%3A//www.wsaz.com/unclassified/%E2%80%9Dhttp://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=25396%22)  
\+ [Clay, WV](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=26414)  
\+ [Gallipolis, OH](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=25397)  
\+ [Huntington, WV](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=25398)  
\+ [Ironton, OH](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=26416)  
\+ [Logan, WV](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=26409)  
\+ [Morgantown, WV](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=25399) |  \+ [Paintsville, KY](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=26407)  
\+ [Parkersburg, WV](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=25400)  
\+ [Pikeville, KY](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=25401)  
\+ [Pomeroy, OH](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=26408)  
\+ [Portsmouth,OH](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=25402)  
\+ [Ripley, WV](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=26415)  
\+ [Spencer, WV](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=26412)  
\+ [Sutton, WV](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=26413)  
\+ [Wayne, WV](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=26411)  
\+ [Wheeling, WV](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=25403)  
\+ [Williamson, WV](http://pmc.myweather.net/fc/mc.asp?id=26410)  
---|---
