> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the axure.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190322032557id_/https%3A//www.axure.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Axure

At Axure Software Solutions, Inc. (referred to as “Axure”, “us” or “we”, and which includes our affiliated companies and subsidiaries), we respect your privacy. We have developed and provided this Privacy Policy to inform you (the “User”) of our practices and policies regarding the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of your personal data and information that is collected during your access to and use of any of the following (collectively, the “Services”): the www.axure.com website and any other Axure websites (“Website”), all Axure mobile applications including the Axure Share App (collectively, the “Axure Share Apps”), and any services, including the Axure Share cloud hosting solution (to the extent hosted by Axure) (“Axure Share”), the Axure Customer Portal and any downloadable Axure software, including the Axure RP software tool suite and any Axure Share software enabling the hosting by a customer (collectively, the “Software”) that may include a link to this policy.  The applicable Axure Software License Agreement (located at www.axure.com/license) otherwise governs your use of all Axure Software. 

We are committed to providing you with the information you need to make an informed decision whether to visit our web site, or use any of the other Services, and whether you wish to voluntarily provide any personal data or information. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, we encourage you to please email us at [contactus@axure.com](mailto:contactus@axure.com) (remove spaces).

WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE AXURE WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE AXURE TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, PLEASE EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE ANY OF THE SERVICES.

1.     What Types of Information Does Axure Collect?

We collect two types of information about Users of our Website and the other Services: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. 

“Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII” is information that identifies a specific User. When you voluntarily engage in certain activities on the Website or using the other Services or the Software such as creating an account, purchasing or ordering a service or product, installing or activating Software, using the Software to access or use a Service, submitting information about yourself, submitting, posting and/or publishing prototypes or other content to the Services including via the Software, completing a survey, sending feedback, communicating with us via third party social media sites, requesting information or support, signing up for special offers or applying for a job, you may provide or be asked to provide certain information about yourself.  In doing so, you may provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as your full name, mailing address, email address, telephone numbers, passwords, password hints, age, gender, geographic location, etc. If you decide to order products or services from us, you may also be required to provide us with payment information such as your credit card number, expiration date and verification codes or related information. If some of the information requested is required to be provided to engage in the activity, and you do not wish to provide that information, then you will not be permitted to engage in that activity.  In certain cases, Non-PII may be correlated to a particular User (as discussed below) in which such information would be treated as PII. 

In some cases another user (such as a system administrator) may create an account on your behalf and may provide your information, including PII (most commonly when your company requests that you use our products). We collect PII information under the direction of our customers and often have no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data we process. If you are an employee of one of our customers and would no longer like us to process your information, please contact your employer. 

Axure also uses certain “Service Providers” who will receive PII in connection with the provision of services to Axure- the “Service Providers” are third party providers of goods or services to us and who may perform functions on our behalf, like providing cloud services, providing analytics services, collecting payments, managing forums and blogs and sending emails and other communications.  These Service Providers may also collect and receive certain of the PII described above in connection with their provisions of such services but may not use PII for their own purposes. 

Axure may obtain PII from third parties and combine that with information we collect through the Services. For example, we may have access to certain PII from a third party social media or authentication service if you log into our Services or that service or otherwise provide us with access to information from that service, including when we offer media features such as the Twitter “tweet” button. Any access that we may have to such PII from a third party social or authentication service is in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by that service. By authorizing us to connect with a third party service, you authorize us to access, use and share your PII. You should check your privacy settings on these third party services to understand and change the information sent to us through these services.

“Non-Personally Identifiable Information” or “Non-PII” is information that does not identify a specific User. This type of information may include things like the identity of the websites you visit before and after coming to our Website, the Software (and features) that you are using and other software and hardware used, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, your country or geography, and aggregate purchase data. 

When Users install, activate and/or use the Software, a feature sends information about the technical operation and the licensing of the Software and information about the User’s operating system and other software and hardware, and it communicates with Axure servers for license authentication and technical issue identification and resolution purposes, as well as to check for updates, patches, and compatibility.  All of the foregoing described information collected does not in and of itself identify a particular User but may be combined with other information to possibly correlate to determine a User’s identity; if the information is so correlated and does actually identify a User as a result, then the information would thereafter be considered as PII. 

Axure and our Service Providers may also automatically collect Non-PII through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags, discussed below.  For example, we currently use Google Analytics as an analytics provider. To learn more about the privacy policy of Google Analytics, refer to Google's [“Policies and Principles”](https://www.google.com/policies/). Use the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on to prevent analytics information from being sent to Google Analytics.

2.     How Does Axure Use the Information it Collects?

We use PII to provide products and services to you, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze and enhance Website and other Services operation and use, improve product and service offerings, and to otherwise tailor your experience. We may also use PII to contact you, troubleshoot issues, provide marketing and promotional information, enable you to communicate, collaborate and share content, process and complete transactions, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, enforce our agreements with you (including our Website Terms of Service, software licenses and this Privacy Policy), investigate and prevent unauthorized access to Services or Software, fraudulent transactions, and other illegal activities, comply with applicable laws, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. 

We use Non-PII to troubleshoot issues, administer and enhance the Website and other Services, analyze usage of our Software, the Website and other Services, gather demographic and other User information, investigate and prevent unauthorized access to Services, fraudulent transactions, and other illegal activities, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also post or otherwise publicly disclose Non-PII on the Website or in publicly-available materials for promotional and marketing purposes. 

3.     How Does Axure Share PII and Non-PII?

We will not share your PII with other parties except as provided below: 

We may share PII with Service Providers. We provide certain Services and Software through Service Providers. We may share your PII with such Service Providers to fulfill orders, deliver packages, send postal or email, administer contests or sweepstakes, manage customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, process credit card and other payments, operate the Website, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We will also share your information with Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. For example, when you order Software, your credit card information may be provided to a Service Provider to accept payment for the Software and, if applicable, your address is provided to the delivery service to facilitate delivery. We seek Service Providers who adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your PII by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not subject to our control. 

We may share PII and Non-PII Upon a Merger, Sale, or Bankruptcy. In the event that Axure is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign PII and Non-PII we have collected from our Users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.  Any PII transferred would remain subject to this Privacy Policy.  In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.

We may share PII and Non-PII to comply with law or for protection of others. We may release PII and/or Non-PII if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant.  We also reserve the right to disclose PII and/or Non-PII that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce our Terms of Service and our Tools and other software licenses, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of Website and other Services, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Axure, our Users or others. 

We may share Non-PII with Partners and Service Providers. We may disclose or share Non-PII with marketing or promotional partners (“Partners”).  We may also have Service Providers use Non-PII to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from our Users to administer our Website and constantly improve its quality. We may also publish this information for promotional purposes.  This information is only general aggregated information relating to the activities of our Users.

We may publicly share Non-PII. We may disclose or share Non-PII on the Website or in other publicly-available materials for promotional and marketing purposes.  For example, we may publicly post Service or Website usage statistics on the Website periodically.

4.     How Do I Update My Information and Limit Information Sharing?

At any time and for any reason, you have the ability to access and edit the PII you provide us. You may change any of your PII by sending us an email at contactus [at] Axure.com (remove spaces) or writing to us at 707 Broadway, Suite 1600, San Diego, CA 92101. Please provide your full contact information, and what information you would like to update when you contact us. 

You should promptly update your PII whenever it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on the Website. In addition, it may be impossible for us to completely delete all of your information because we periodically backup and archive information.

You have the right to understand the following information as to any sharing of your PII with third party Partners for purposes of marketing products and services not offered or provided by Axure: the categories of PII we collect and Partners with whom we share that information; the names and addresses of those Partners; and identification of the types of products and services marketed by those Partners.  Please send us a written request and we will promptly respond. 

5.     Your California Privacy Rights

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits Users who are a California resident to request and obtain from Axure once a year, free of charge, information about the PII Axure discloses to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of PII that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you do not want your name and contact information to be shared with any company or organization, you may notify us at any time by writing to us at the email and or regular mail address below.

6.     What Are My Choices As To Collection and Use of Information?

As discussed above, you can always choose not to voluntarily provide information, although it may be required to engage in a certain activity on the Website or use of certain other Services, and you may limit our sharing of your PII with Partners for their marketing purposes.  You also have the right to edit the PII you provide us. 

As a condition of use of certain of our Services, we will send you Administrative and Promotional emails. We will send you information regarding your account activity and purchases as well as updates about our products and promotional offers. You cannot opt-out of Administrative Emails. “Administrative Emails” relate to a User’s activity on the Website or other Services, and include emails regarding a particular User’s account, requests or inquiries, and purchases of products or Services. In contrast to Administrative Emails, however, you do have a choice with respect to Promotional Emails. Promotional Emails advertise our products and services, including exclusive sales and other offers. If you do not want to receive Promotional Emails from us, you may elect to opt-out of receiving Promotional Emails at any time after registering by e-mailing us at contactus [at] Axure.com (remove spaces), by writing to us at the address contained herein, or by hitting the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom of any of our e-mails. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Promotional Emails you do not want to receive. 

7.     What About Information Security?

Axure uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of PII and Non-PII. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to Axure and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive a transmission of information, Axure makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.

If Axure learns of a security systems breach, then Axure may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. Axure may post a notice on the Website or via the other Services if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice) you should notify us via email. 

8.     Does Axure Track Other Data?

To facilitate and customize your experience with the Website and other Services, we store cookies on your computer. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a User’s computer for record-keeping purposes which contains information about that User. We use cookies to save you time while using the Website, remind us who you are, and track and target User interests in order to provide a customized experience. Cookies also allow us to collect Non-PII from you, like which pages you visited and what links you clicked on. Use of this information helps us to create a more user-friendly experience for all visitors. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline cookies. Please note that if you decline or delete these cookies, some parts of the Website may not work properly.

We may use other industry standard technologies like pixel tags and web beacons to track your use of our Website pages, or we may allow our Third Party Service Providers to use these devices on our behalf. Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on certain pages on our Website, or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, pixel tags and web beacons generate a Non-Personally Identifiable notice of that action. Pixel tags allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior on our Website, as well as give us a way to measure our performance. We may also utilize pixel tags and web beacons provided by our Partners for the same purposes.

9.     What About Third Party Websites?

This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Other websites that may be accessible through the Website or other Services have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. If you visit any such website by a link from the Website or other Services, we urge you review the website’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. 

10.     Are There Other Privacy Issues I Should Know About?

We may provide areas on our Website and through other Services where you can publicly post information about yourself, can communicate with others, publish prototypes, submit content, etc. This information may be accessible by other consumers and companies and may appear on other websites or web searches, and therefore this information could be read, collected, and used by others. For example, if you post your email address in a published prototype, you may receive unsolicited messages. We have no control over who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so please use caution when posting any personal information.

Minors under the age of 18 may not use the Website or other Services. We do not collect or maintain information from anyone known to be under the age of 18, and no part of the Website or other Services are designed to attract anyone under the age of 18. Axure does not offer products or Services for access or use by children. If you are under 18, you may use the Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.

If you are a User accessing the Website and our other Services from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Website and other Services, which are governed by U.S. law, this Privacy Notice, and our Terms of Service, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.

11.     Will There Be Changes to the Privacy Policy?

This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically and this will be reflected by the date specified below. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes since the revised Privacy Policy is effective immediately when posted on the Website. In general, we only use PII in the manner described in the Privacy Policy in effect when we received the PII you provided. Your continued use of the Website or our other Services constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any future revisions.

This Axure Privacy Policy (Version 2.0) was last modified on and effective as of April 14, 2016.

12.     How Do I Contact Axure?

We value hearing from you and will do our best to respond in a timely manner to all inquiries. 

Corporate Address

Axure Software Solutions, Inc. 

707 Broadway, Suite 1600

San Diego, CA 92101

[contactus@axure.com](mailto:contactus@axure.com)
