> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the voobys.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111203024645id_/http%3A//www.voobys.com/other/privacy.pdf) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

Privacy
Website Privacy Statement - Last Updated On 10/15/2009
At Voobys.com we recognize that privacy is important. This document outlines the types of
personal information we receive and collect when you use Voobys.com's services, as well
as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. We hope this will help you make an
informed decision about sharing personal information with us.
Personal information and other data we collect
       Voobys.com collects personal information when you register for a Voobys.com
       service or otherwise voluntarily provide such information. We may combine personal
       information collected from you with information from other Voobys.com services or
       third parties to provide a better user experience, including customizing content for
       you.
       Voobys.com uses cookies and other technologies to enhance your online
       experience and to learn about how you use Voobys.com services in order to
       improve the quality of our services.
       Voobys.com's servers automatically record information when you visit our website
       or use some of our products, including the URL, IP address, screen dimension,
       browser type and language, and the date and time of your request.
       We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website.
       These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email
       address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order
       to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would
       like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having
       this information used by these companies, click here.
Uses
       We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested,
       including services that display customized content and advertising.
       We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate
       and improve Voobys.com technologies and services.
       We may share aggregated non-personal information with third parties outside of
       Voobys.com.
       When we use third parties to assist us in processing your personal information, we
       require that they comply with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate
       confidentiality and security measures.
       We may also share information with third parties in limited circumstances, including
       when complying with legal process, preventing fraud or imminent harm, and
       ensuring the security of our network and services.
Your choices
       We offer you choices when we ask for personal information, whenever reasonably
       possible.
                                                                        Voobys.com  1


         You may decline to provide personal information to us and/or refuse cookies in your
         browser, although some of our features or services may not function properly as a
         result.
         We make good faith efforts to provide you access to your personal information upon
         request and to let you correct such data if it is inaccurate and delete it, when
         reasonably possible.
Google Advertising Cookie and Privacy Policies
         Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on voobys.com.
         Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your
         users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet.
         Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and
         content network privacy policy.
What is the DoubleClick DART cookie?
The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on the websites of its
partners, such as websites displaying AdSense ads or participating in Google certified ad
networks. When users visit a partner's website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie
may be dropped on that end user's browser. The data gathered from these cookies will be
used to help better serve and manage ads on the publisher's site(s) and across the web.
Google Analytics Disclaimer
“This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.
(“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to
help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie
about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by
Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of
evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website
operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google
may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where
such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your
IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by
selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this
you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you
consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes
set out above.”
                                                                              Voobys.com 2
