> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the selectcomfort.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030601144149id_/http%3A//selectcomfort.com/customercenter/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Select Comfort -->Privacy & Security

At Select Comfort, we recognize and respect our customers' privacy. The data we collect about our customers is used solely to better meet our customer's needs through more efficient order fulfillment and improved marketing efforts. On occasion we may share customer information with other reputable organizations whose products and services may be of interest to our customers. We do not share customer billing information. We adhere to all state and federal regulations regarding personal data distribution.

Select Comfort may share non-personal aggregate or summary information regarding its customers, sales, Web site traffic patterns, and related Web site information with partners or third-party vendors.

We use a third party advertising company, Avenue A, to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. Avenue A may also collect anonymous information about your visits to our Web site. This is primarily accomplished through the use of a technology device, commonly referred to as a Web beacon or an action tag, which we place on various Web pages within our Web site or in a html e-mail that allows Avenue A to collect anonymous information. Avenue A may use information about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide ads about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Avenue A, [click here](http://www.avenueainc.com/privacy/). Periodically, if we request, Avenue A may report the anonymous data that they collected on our behalf back to us. 

If we decide to change our Privacy and Security Policy, we will update this Policy so you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

This site contains links to other sites. Select Comfort is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other sites. 

**_Why do we ask for an e-mail address?_**  
Your e-mail address is collected at the time of purchase so we can easily and quickly communicate with you regarding the status of your order. Additionally, you will receive our e-mail newsletter. If you do not wish to receive our complimentary newsletter, every issue gives you the opportunity to be removed from our e-mail list. E-mail newsletters update you on special offers, new products, "Comfort Club," changes to the Web site and newsletter only specials. If you're not already registered, simply complete our [sign-up form](https://web.archive.org/customercenter/contactus/requestform.cfm?newsletter=1) to receive these special messages. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from Select Comfort's e-mail, please follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of each message. Asking to be removed from Select Comfort e-mail will not prevent you from receiving e-mail confirmations for any order you place at selectcomfort.com. Select Comfort uses a third party to send e-mail on our behalf. If you would like to know more about our e-mail vendor and its privacy policies, please [click here](http://www.exacttarget.com/etbrochuresite/productoverview/privacy.aspx). 

**_Do we use cookies and what are they?_**  
Select Comfort uses a feature of your Internet Web browser called a "cookie" to assign a unique identification to your computer. Cookies are files that your Web browser places on your computer's hard drive. Select Comfort creates and uses these cookie files to track clicks as you go through the Select Comfort Web site. This form of tracking is used to continuously improve our Web site to better meet our customers needs and make for a better site experience.

Select Comfort does not and cannot use cookies to retrieve personal information from your computer unless you knowingly and willingly provide such information. Select Comfort will not use cookies to store personal information, such as credit card numbers, nor can any Web site other than ours read the information we store in the cookie. 

In some instances, we use third party companies to help us provide our products and services to you, to assist us in managing customer information, to fulfill promotions and to communicate with you. Some of these companies are given access to some or all of the information you provide to us, and some may use cookies on our behalf. These companies are contractually-restricted from using your information in any manner other than in helping us to provide you with the products and services available from Select Comfort. For more information about these companies, [click here](https://web.archive.org/articles/articledisplay.cfm?siteLocation=004~010~100~001-1077-1-2). 
