> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the select-n-go.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130614022310id_/http%3A//select-n-go.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Select-n-go – Privacy Policy « Select-n-go

Last Updated June 11, 2013

PLEASE READ CAREFULLY THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IT EXPLAINS HOW REVIZER (THE **COMPANY”** OR “ **WE** “) COLLECTS AND USES YOUR INFORMATION. BY CONSENTING TO THIS POLICY IN THE INSTALLATION PROCESS, OR BY DOWNLOADING THE SOFTWARE OR BY USING ANY OF THE SERVICES INCLUDED IN THE SOFTWARE, YOU PROVIDE YOUR CONSENT TO OUR PRACTICES THAT THIS POLICY DESCRIBE.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, THEN YOU MAY NOT USE THE SOFTWARE.

This policy is an integral part of Selectiontoolkit’s Terms of Service.

We make great efforts to ensure that this Privacy Policy is as clear and comprehensive as possible. However, if you have any questions or if you wish to receive further clarifications, you may contact us at privacy@selectiontoolkit.com

**What personal information do we collect?**

We do not collect or retain personally identifiable information of users. In other words, no information which we collect is aimed or used to identify the user or enables us to identify the user.  However, we collect and use the IP address that an Internet service provider allocated to your computer and that you use to access the Internet. In certain cases and given the legal authorization in the proper procedure, the IP address, together with other details, may lead to revealing the person who used the computer, for legal proceeding or other purposes as the law may authorize. However, we do not connect the IP address with any information that can reasonably identify you and we do not make any efforts to know your identity. Therefore, unless you provide us specific identifying details, for example, when you contact us, the personal information that we collect will remain non-identifying.

**What non personally identifying information do we collect?**

We collect and retain some non-personally identifiable information (non-PII) such as the country from which you access the Internet (based on the country of residence of the Internet service provider that allocated the IP address to you), the type of browser that you use and its version, the Software installation date, the operating system that you use, your default search provider, status of the Software installation, unique user and affiliate ID generated by the Software, the source URL of the Webpage you have been visited, date and timestamp of marking the text. This information enables us to provide you the service, and to constantly improve it by understanding your online behavior. We do not use it to reveal your identity.

**Why do we collect this information?**

We collect user’s online behavior information in order to optimize and improve our services and the user online experience as well as targeting potential new users. This information is statistically processed, for aggregated analytics, and enables us to better understand user’s preferences and interest.

**How do we collect information?**

When you install the software and use our Services, we may collect and retain the stated information by using several technical modules. Such modules may include using your system’s reports to our servers as part of the installation process or as part of the advertisements display, or by storing a cookie and pixel tag on your computer to help us better understand your online behavior and preferences. A cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored in a user’s [web browser](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_browser) while a user is browsing a website. This cookie shall be stored until you delete it from your computer. At all times, you may choose not to accept cookies from us or delete existing cookies, by accessing your browser preferences. However, some services or options provided by the Software or Services may be dependent on the use of cookies and not be available otherwise. We may also use raw logs which include some non-personally identifiable information about you as stated above (and is not allowing us to personally identify you in any manner). Such information is available in its form for less than 24 hours, before it becomes aggregative. Raw logs are plain text files containing information about visitors and their activity on certain websites.

**Third Party Services and Advertising:**

The Company and its services may use third party services such as DealPly, 50onRed, SuperFish in order to provide you with the Features, Services and to serve you with advertisements. Such third parties services may also collect data about your visits and usage of the software using cookies as well.

At all times, you may choose not to accept cookies from these third parties or to disable their services and to delete these cookies, by accessing your browser preferences. The data collection practices of these third parties are out of the Company’s control and you are advised to contact them directly for more information about their own privacy policies.

**How do we process this information?**

We process your Information and create statistical and aggregated information in order to allow optimized and improved services and to enhance the user online experience. This aggregated information also allows us to target potential new users and to better understand users’ preferences and interest.

**With whom do we share your data?**

We may share your non-identifiable information with others for the following purposes:

  * To provide our Services, through our affiliates, service providers and business partners;
  * To develop and enhance our services;
  * If the ownership or management of our Services is transferred to another entity as a result of a merger or an acquisition;
  * We may share the information with affiliated companies such as subsidiaries, sister-companies and parent companies to enhance our and our affiliates’ ability to provide and offer our and their services;
  * In any event of a legal dispute, or subject to an order of a competent authority;



**How do we secure your information?**

We use industry standard information security tools and measures, and internal procedures to prevent information misuse and data breaches. Our employees and contractors access the information on a ‘need-to-know’ basis and subject to confidentiality obligations.

The measures and procedures that we employ substantially reduce the risks of data misuse, but we cannot guarantee that our systems will be absolutely safe. If you become aware of any potential data breach or security vulnerability, you are requested to contact us immediately, and we will take all measures to investigate the incident and take preventive measures, as required.

**Choice**

At all times, you can choose not to allow us any further collection of your personal information through our services. You can do it by either uninstalling the Software, or by contacting us and providing us sufficient details to identify the online ID that was allocated to you.

**Important notice about children’s privacy**

The Software is not offered for use by minors, who are under 18 years old. We do not intentionally collect personal information about minors, and if we learn that you are a minor and provided us your personally identifiable information, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our databases.

We encourage parental monitoring of their children’s online activities. Any parent can contact us at: privacy@selectiontoolkit.com if he or she believes that a Minor used the Services with a request to delete his/her child’s personally identifiable information. We will be happy to respond favorably to these requests.

**Can we change our privacy policy?**

We may amend or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to address new regulation or with accordance to new features or any changes within our services. Therefore you must look at the Terms regularly to check for such changes. The modified version of the Terms will be posted on Selectiontoolkit web site [www.selectiontoolkit.com](http://www.selectiontoolkit.com/) or made available within the service.   ** **

**Who can you contact if you feel your privacy was violated?  **

If you have any questions about our Privacy statement, the practices of it or if you feel your privacy have been violated, you may contact our privacy officer, by email privacy@selectiontoolkit.com and file a complaint. Our privacy officer will inspect the complaints within reasonable time and send you and answer promptly.
