> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the selfscore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141101000151id_/http%3A//www.selfscore.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SelfScore - Unlock your Potential

## Privacy:

This Privacy Policy governs our policies and practices with respect to the personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") and other data that is collected by Tremus, Inc. ("Tremus", "we", "us" and/or "our") in connection with our website, located at [http://SelfScore.com](http://selfscore.com/) or SelfScore (the "Site") and our mobile applications and related services (together with the Site, the "Service(s)"). By using our Services you are consenting to our processing of your Personal Information and data as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended. As used herein, "processing" means using or accessing information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, combining and disclosing information. Our servers are located in the United States. Accordingly, if you reside outside the U.S., by using the Services, you acknowledge and agree that your Personal Information will be transferred to the United States, and processed and stored in the United States. By using our Services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy. 

### Information Collection and Use.

**Opting Out of SelfScore.com.** If you are not a user of the Services and wish to opt out, please email us at [privacy@selfscore.com](mailto:privacy@selfscore.com) and we will reply with opt-out instructions, including steps to authenticate your request. Current users of our Services should follow the same steps. 

**Information Collected Upon Registration.** If you desire to have access to certain restricted sections of the Services and/or to have access to or use of certain parts of the Services, you will be required to become a registered user, and to submit certain Personal Information to SelfScore.com. Personal Information that we may collect in such instances may include your full user name, email address, city, time zone, telephone number, date of birth, and other information that you decide to provide us with, or that you decide to include in your public profile. We may also ask our users to generate a new personal identification number (PIN) to access our Services (the new PIN and the mobile application will enhance security). 

Providing additional information beyond what is required at registration is entirely optional, but enables you to better identify yourself and find opportunities in the SelfScore system. 

**Geo-location Data.** SelfScore.com receives location information from the Social Media Services (as defined below) that you enable within the Service and also (with your permission) from your mobile device ("Geo-location Data"). We use Geo-location Data to complete and maintain your SelfScore.com profile (for example, to indicate that you are located in New York City or work at a specific company) and for security purposes, customize the Service to make it more relevant to you (for example, to provide context behind your profile versus that of your area) and to offer you location-relevant Trust Rewards (as defined below). 

**Log Data.** When you interact with the Site or use our Services, our servers automatically receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information ("Log Data"). This Log Data is collected passively and may include information such as your IP address, browser type, mobile phone type, or the domain from which you are visiting, the Site pages you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider, the IP address will be different every time you log on. We use Log Data to provide you with the Services (for example, to provide push notifications on your mobile device) and pool it with other information to monitor the use of the Services, and for the technical administration of the Services. We do not associate your IP address with any other Personal Information to identify you personally, except in cases where we are asked to comply with a subpoena or other legal demand or where we suspect that there has been a violation of our policies, our Terms of Service and/or applicable law. 

**Cookies.** Like many websites and services, we also may use "cookie" technology to collect additional Site usage data and to improve the Site and Services. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk. We do not use cookies to collect Personal Information. Also, our cookies may only collect information with respect to your visits to and actions on our Site. Tremus may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the Services and our Service, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Site, and to improve the Site and our Services. A session cookie enables certain features of the Site and Services and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Site. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. 

We may deliver a file (known as a "web beacon") from an ad network to you through the Services. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network's servers, these companies can view, edit or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site. 

**Financial Information.** We do not currently collect financial information, such as your payment method (valid credit card number, type, expiration date or other financial information);that information is collected and stored by our third party payment processing company (the "Payment Processor"), and use and storage of that information is governed by the Payment Processor's applicable terms of service and privacy policy. 

**Use of Information.** SelfScore.com and Tremus, Inc. use the Personal Information you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. We will use your Personal Information in order to provide you with access to and use of our Services, to help us improve the content and functionality of the Services, to better identify, authenticate and understand the our users, to maintain our high-trust community, and to benefit users and partners through highly personalized offerings. If you contact us by email through the Services, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence, and may use your email address, and any information that you provide to us in your message, to respond to you. In addition, we may use your contact information to market to you, and provide you with information about our products and services and the products and services of our partners that we believe may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such marketing information or communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. 

In an ongoing effort to better understand and serve the users of our Services, SelfScore also often conducts research on its customer demographics, interests and behavior based on the Personal Information and other information provided to us. This research may be compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis, and SelfScore.com or Tremus Inc. may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners. This aggregate information does not identify you personally. SelfScore.com or Tremus Inc. may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our Services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. 

**Information Sharing and Disclosure.** We consider your information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Information with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below. 

**Service Providers.** We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including, without limitation, hosting and maintenance, customer relationship, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns. We will share your Personal Information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services. 

**Partners.** SelfScore or its partners may offer rewards or "SelfScore Rewards" for third party products and services, which may be redeemed by you based on your SelfScore. To redeem certain Trust Rewards, our partners may request that you provide Personal Information to them directly;please be aware that the privacy policy of such partners will govern their use of your Personal Information. In addition, Tremus' or SelfScore.com's partners may access our application programming interfaces ("APIs") in order to determine your SelfScore by using information (such as Twitter handles) already in their possession. They may use this information to determine, for example, whether you qualify for certain benefits other than Trust Rewards. In order to determine whether you qualify for certain special rewards, Trust Rewards may also provide our partners with your SelfScore, username and other Personal Information relating to the special rewards. Please note: we only provide information to these partners that is otherwise publicly available. 

**Financial Information.** As stated above, we do not currently collect financial information, as that information is collected and stored by our Payment Processor. However, we may from time to time request and receive some of your financial information from our Payment Processor for the purposes of completing transactions you have initiated through the Services, enrolling you in discount, rebate, and other programs in which you elect to participate, protecting against or identify possible fraudulent transactions, and otherwise as needed to manage our business. 

**Social Media Services.** You can choose to access certain third party social media Web sites and services through our Services (such as LinkedIn or Facebook) ("Social Media Services"). When you do so, you are sharing information with those Social Media Services, and the information you share will be governed by their privacy policies and terms of service. You may also be able to modify your privacy settings with these Social Media Services to, for example, control what information the Social Media Services disclose to third parties like Tremus Inc. When you add Social Media Service accounts to the Service or log into the Service using your Social Media Services account, we will collect relevant information necessary to enable our Service to access that Social Media Service, but you will provide your login information, like your password, directly to such Social Media Service (and not to Tremus). As part of such integration, the Social Media Service will provide us with access to certain information that you have provided to such Social Media Service, and we will use, store and disclose such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and, if and to the extent applicable, the policies of such Social Media Services. However, please remember that the manner in which Social Media Services use, store and disclose your information is governed by the policies of such third parties, and Tremus shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any Social Media Services that may be enabled within the Service. 

**Business Transfers.** Tremus may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. 

**Disclosures for Legal Purposes.** Tremus may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (i) comply with a legal obligation, (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Tremus, (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or (iv) protect against legal liability. 

**Security.** Tremus is very concerned about the security of your Personal Information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. However, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. We will make any legally-required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored Personal Information to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach, to restore the reasonable integrity of the data system, and to identify the individuals and techniques causing the breach. 

**Links to Other Websites.** Our Services contain links to other websites. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personally identifiable information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit. 

**Our Policy Towards Children.** If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without his/her consent, he or she should contact us at [privacy@selfscore.com](mailto:privacy@selfscore.com). We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Information through the Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information via the Services without their permission. 

**Changes to this Privacy Policy.** The Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for Tremus to make changes to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may be updated or modified from time to time for any reason without prior notice. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on our Site or by emailing you. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. 

**Other Terms and Conditions.** Your access to and use of the Services is subject to the Terms of Service at [ http://SelfScore.com/corp/terms](https://web.archive.org/web/20141101000151id_/http%3A//www.selfscore.com/terms.html). 

**Questions.** If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personally identifiable information, please contact us at [privacy@selfscore.com](mailto:privacy@selfscore.com), or: 

SelfScore.com  
c/o Tremus Inc.  
Attn: Privacy Matters  
540 University Ave, Suite 300  
Palo Alto CA 94301  
Tel: (650) 427-9613 
