> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sella.co.nz privacy policy that was archived on 2014-07-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140701174819id_/http%3A//www.sella.co.nz/help/legal-and-rules/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# sella Online Auctions & Classifieds | New Zealand

Your privacy on the Internet is important to us. Because the Internet offers the ability to collect certain types of information about users, we want you to understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of any information we gather. To that end, this privacy statement discloses what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it.

## Collection

sella Limited. ("we" or "us") gathers various information about customers and users of the sella website (the “ **Website** ”).

This information includes:

  1. personal information, provided through registration or use of the Website; 
  2. personal information, provided to us by you through any other method (including without limitation correspondence and discussions); 
  3. personal information collected by us through click tracking in relation to your use of the Website, including the content you upload and the content you access; and 
  4. aggregated data, which tracks traffic to the Website; and cookies, which are pieces of information transferred to your computer hard drive for record keeping (such as your preferences on our Website). 



Failure to provide necessary personal information when requested may result in certain functions of the Website not being available to you.

## Disclosure of Information

We may disclose:

all information that we gather, including your personal information to our related companies (collectively “Affiliates”); 
  1. aggregated tracking information and other information that does not personally identify you, to third parties such as our advertisers and partners; 
  2. your personal information to third parties when we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law; and 
  3. your personal information to third parties provided we have your prior authorisation, which we will usually obtain at the time of collecting the information from you. 



## Use

The personal information you provide will be used for the following purposes:

  1. verification of your identity for use of the Website; 
  2. to assist in providing better services to you by tailoring them to meet your needs; 
  3. to keep the Website relevant and of interest to users; 
  4. to aid in identifying you if an issue arises in a transaction you are involved in; 
  5. to provide further information to you about the Website or other websites we or our Affiliates own and services we or our Affiliates provide; and 
  6. for any other uses that you authorise. 



## Cookies and Tracking

We may use a cookie file containing information that can identify the computer you are working from. The cookie file is anonymous as it only gives us details of your IP address, PC platform (Windows, Mac or Linux), Browser (e.g. Microsoft, Firefox or other, plus the version of Browser) and domain (whether you are accessing the site from NZ or elsewhere). We may use the information generated by "cookies" to:

  1. track traffic patterns to and from the Website including information like the pages you visit, the time you spend on each page, the date and time of your visit, and referring pages (pages you came from or go to); 
  2. ensure advertising is being shown to the most appropriate person and limit the frequency of display for certain ad formats; and 
  3. enable you to enter our sites and use certain services as a member without having to log on each time and to visit member-restricted areas of the site. 



You can choose to refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use the Website, but you may need them for customisable areas of the site that we may develop in the future. If your cookies are turned off we will not have any control over the frequency of display of certain ad formats. This could affect your experience of the Website.

## Content Providers, Advertisers and Partners

We do not control the practices of content providers, partners and advertisers connected with the Website and to whom you provide personal information whilst using the Website. Our Website contains links to other sites, which may not follow the same privacy policies as us. We recommend that you check any relevant privacy policies before providing your personal information to any third party.

## Nielsen//NetRatings

We use Nielsen//NetRatings website measurement software and systems to assist in tracking traffic patterns to and from our site, aggregating anonymous information about visits to our site, and randomly and anonymously surveying users of our site. Nielsen//NetRatings is a leader in the Internet industry in interactive measurement technologies and market research and its system is an accepted standard amongst major New Zealand Internet sites. The system is used to collect information on our network such as the number of page views, the number of unique visitors, how long these visitors spend on the website when they do visit, and common entry and exit points into and from the website. Random anonymous surveys are also used to collect further information about our users.

This non-personal information is aggregated by Nielsen//NetRatings and provided to us to assist in our analysis of the Website. The Nielsen//NetRatings data is also accessible by media organisations and research companies for the purpose of conducting industry comparisons with other websites. All our pages are coded with a small piece of Nielsen//NetRatings code that is transparent to you when you read that page. The software stores a cookie in your browser (if you have enabled cookies) which contains a unique identifier to allow us to track the number of unique visitors to the Website. This information is collected and aggregated by Nielsen//NetRatings and in no way can you be identified personally and no personal information is stored about you. Nielsen//NetRatings systems fully comply with our Privacy Policy. For further information about Nielsen//NetRatings, [click here](http://www.netratings.com/), and for details of Nielsen//NetRatings' privacy policy, [click here](http://www.netratings.com/privacy.jsp?section=leg_scs "Nielsen//NetRatings - A global leader in Internet media and market research").

## Third Party Ad Servers

Some of our advertisers or sellers use third party companies to serve advertisements when you visit the Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites, including information gathered by cookies, in order to provide advertisements about Goods, Services or Vacancies of interest to you. For more information about the most widely used third party advertisement serving company, [click here](http://www.doubleclick.com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy/ "DoubleClick.com || Privacy").

## Credit Card Security

We work diligently to protect the security of your personal information, including credit card information.

We protect your credit card information during transmission by using the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, which encrypts your information when transmitted over the Internet. Sella retains only partial card details. However they may be held by Direct Payment Solutions (DPS) ([review their Privacy Policy](http://www.paymentexpress.com/about/about_paymentexpress/privacy_policy.html)).

When topping up your Sella account by credit card, you may have the option to "save this card for next time". If you choose this option, your credit card details are encrypted and securely stored by DPS.

It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Ensure you logout when you have finished visiting Sella, especially if you access Sella from a shared computer.

## Security

As no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit or receive through the Website. These activities are conducted at your own risk.

## Changes to Policy

We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a revised policy by updating the “last updated” notice beside the link to this policy. By continuing to use the Website, you agree to be bound by the amended policy. You should check from time to time to see if the policy has changed or not.

## Holding, Correcting and Updating

Any personal information that you provide to us will be collected and held by us at PO Box 11264, Ellerslie, Auckland. Under the Privacy Act 1993 you have rights of access to and correction of personal information that we hold. We offer the ability to correct or change the information collected at any time and as often as necessary. If you have any questions about how our services work or regarding this statement, [contact us](https://web.archive.org/help/about-sella/contact-help-desk/).

For information about New Zealand's Privacy Act 1993 and how it protects the personal information of individuals in New Zealand, [click here](http://www.privacy.org.nz/).

  

