> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sellfire.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150607022509id_/http%3A//www.sellfire.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

This website and any other URLs and websites administered by SellFire and its affiliates (collectively, the “Website”) are offered by SellFire and its affiliates (collectively, “SellFire” or “we” “our” or “us”) to you, the user, subject to your acceptance of all the terms and conditions in the Terms of Service and as set forth below ("Privacy Policy"). The terms "you" “your” and "user" refers to all individuals and entities that access the Website(s). 

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. It is the responsibility of all users of the Website to revisit this page to check for changes. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully before accessing or using the Website. By accessing or using any part of the Website, you agree to become bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, then you may not access the Website or use any services. 

By using SellFire you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing" means using cookies on a computer or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the U.S. your personally identifiable information will be transferred to the U.S., and processed and stored there under U.S. privacy standards. By visiting our Site and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the US. 

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personally identifiable information, please contact us at support@sellfire.com. 

  1. Registration is required in order to use the Website or gain access to the entire Website, if you decide to register, you must complete the SellFire registration process. If you choose to register, you must submit a valid e-mail address and select a password during the registration process. You will need to give us certain Personally Identifiable Information, such as your name, a valid e-mail address and zip code, and for paid accounts a mailing or billing address, and phone number. This Personally Identifiable Information will be used by SellFire to manage your billing account and personalize and improve your experience with our Service. This information will not be disclosed to any third-party except as provided in our Privacy Policy. You agree that all information provided by you to SellFire is true, accurate, valid, current and complete.
  2. You can review and change your Personally Identifiable Information or password at any time by going to our "My Account" page after logging in.
  3. Website information of users of our Service (site name, site, statistics data etc.) may be utilized by SellFire for general promotional uses (e.g. a directory of sites using our Service within SellFire)
  4. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (”Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on web site activity for web site operators and providing other services relating to web site activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website. By using this Website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
  5. In addition, we may use your contact information to market to you, and provide you with information about, our products and services, including but not limited to services on the Website. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such information or communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications.
  6. We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including, without limitation, hosting and maintenance, customer relationship, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns. We will share your personally identifiable information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services, and only pursuant to binding contractual obligations requiring such third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your data.
  7. SellFire may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your personally identifiable information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity's planned processing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.
  8. Security. SellFire believes in the privacy of our Website users. We safeguard the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. We will make any legally-required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored personal data to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
  9. Our shopping cart and merchant gateway is powered by CheddarGetter, LLC. based in Bloomington, IN. CheddarGetter’s API is PCI compliant adhering to standards and protocols for building and maintaining secure networks for financial transactions. For more information on CheddarGetter’s security policies click here. Through CheddarGetter we accept MasterCard, Visa, American Express and Discover . CheddarGetter has its own privacy policy regarding how they collect and use your information and what you can do to restrict that. [Click here](https://cheddargetter.com/privacy) to review their privacy statement. 
  10. SellFire and messages posted/advertising forwards through SellFire may contain links or references to other websites. SellFire is not responsible for the privacy policies of any third party site or for how they treat information about their users. These third party sites may place their own cookies on your computer, collect data, or solicit personal information. You may be consenting to those websites through use of ours. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements and terms of service for each of the other websites you visit.
  11. The Site is not directed to persons under 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent, he or she should contact us at support@sellfire.com. We will take actions to promptly remove such data. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If we become aware that a child under 18 has provided us with personal identifiable Information, we will delete such information from our files.
  12. Certain information is used in the aggregate to provide analytics to SellFire. This information is not tied to you personally but may contain demographic information about our users in part or as a whole. This aggregate and non-personally identifiable information may be used by SellFire and shared with or sold to third-parties.


