> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gerber.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-11-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091130041940id_/http%3A//www.gerber.com/Public/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Gerber | Nestle Good Start | Start Healthy Stay Healthy

Thank you for visiting Gerber.com and for your interest in the Start Healthy, Stay Healthy Resource Center. The Gerber.com Website (also, “our Website” or “our Site”) and the Start Healthy, Stay Healthy Resource Center (also, “SHSH Resource Center”) are owned and operated by the Gerber Products Company/Nestlé Infant Nutrition (collectively, “Gerber,” “we,” or “our”). The following is a description of the kinds of information Gerber may collect online through the Gerber.com Website or in connection with the SHSH Resource Center, how we use and share that information, the steps we take to protect it, and the choices you may have to control the use or disclosure of your information (collectively, “Privacy Policy” or “Policy”).

We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy before you provide Gerber any of your personal information. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by clicking [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20091130041940id_/http%3A//www.gerber.com/Contact_Us/Default.aspx) or by calling 1-800-4GERBER.

*  **What does this Privacy Policy apply to?**

Subject to the exceptions listed below, this Privacy Policy applies to any information collected from you online through Gerber.com or in connection with the SHSH Resource Center. In addition, any Gerber-owned and/or controlled domains or URLs that point to Gerber.com or a subpage under Gerber.com (such as [www.starthealthystayhealthy.com](http://www.starthealthystayhealthy.com/)) are also subject to this Policy.

This Policy does _not_ generally apply to information collected from you by Gerber offline (such as through a customer support phone call or fax order), unless we either: (i) combine such information with data collected from you online; or, (ii) specifically reference this Policy on the relevant offline form or at the time your information is collected offline.

In addition, this Privacy Policy does _not_ apply to any of the following sites (even if we link to such sites from our Website):

  1. Sites operated by Gerber’s international affiliates (e.g., Gerber Canada, Gerber Mexico, Gerber Europe/Russia, Gerber Asia, and Gerber South America)
  2. Sites operated by other subsidiaries of the Gerber Products Company (e.g., Gerber Life) or Nestlé SA (e.g., Nestlé USA);
  3. Sites operated by independent retailers that sell Gerber products;
  4. Sites operated by third party licensees of Gerber (e.g., Gerber Childrenswear LLC); and,
  5. Any other site not operated and/or controlled by Gerber, even if such site is accessible from our Site or links back to our Site.



The sites listed above may maintain and post their own privacy policies. We encourage you to read the privacy policy of any other site you visit before you submit any personal information to that site. Gerber is not responsible, and disclaims any and all liability, for the independent practices or content of any third party site.

**Special Note to Former Members of the VeryBestBaby Resource Center**   
Personal Information collected from registrants of the former VeryBestBaby Resource Center or its corresponding website, [www.verybestbaby.com](http://www.verybestbaby.com/), (formerly operated and controlled by Nestlé USA) will, as of the Effective Date above, be handled in accordance with the practices set forth in this Privacy Policy, but only if such practices are identical or similar to those of Nestlé USA’s Online Privacy Policy (posted at [www.nestleusa.com/Public/Privacy.aspx](http://www.nestleusa.com/Public/Privacy.aspx) and effective as of 10/25/2006). If we wish to handle your information in ways that we think are materially different than what was previously set forth under the Nestlé USA Online Privacy Policy referenced above, we will first notify you about such changes and give you some choice prior to their implementation (e.g., opt-out, opt-in). Please note, however, that any former VeryBestBaby members who separately register or provide their personal information on Gerber.com or for the SHSH Resource Center, or who otherwise update their former VeryBestBaby account information or preferences through Gerber.com, will be subject to this Privacy Policy.

**Special Note to Non-U.S. Visitors**   
The Gerber.com Website and SHSH Resource Center are intended for residents of the United States only, and we may take certain measures (such as IP Address blocking) to limit access to these resources by only such users. For this reason, this Privacy Policy is only intended to meet the laws and requirements of the United States, which may not necessarily be consistent with the laws and regulations of your home country. Any information you provide us through Gerber.com or for purposes of the SHSH Resource Center will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**Your Acceptance / Changes to this Privacy Policy**   
By using the Gerber.com Website and/or registering for the SHSH Resource Center, you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with these practices, please do not use these services. We reserve the right to make changes to this Policy at any time. If we do make changes, the changes will be posted on this page and we will indicate at the top of this Policy when the changes went into effect. If we want to materially change how we use your previously collected personal information, we will notify you by email or other forms of communication (e.g., postal mail, phone), and may give you a choice to consent to or opt-out from the desired changes. Your inaction or continued use of or receipt of benefits from the Gerber.com Website or SHSH Resource Center after any such notices, or your explicit consent to any changes for which we require your prior approval, will signify your agreement with these changes. We encourage you to come back to our Site and review this Privacy Policy frequently so that you are constantly aware of our most current privacy practices.

* **What types of information do we ask you to provide?**

To simply browse our Website or learn more about Gerber products, we do not ask you to provide any information. However, if you wish to participate in many of the services our Site and the SHSH Resource Center have to offer, we may ask you to provide certain personal and/or demographic information, as well as establish certain login information. Personal information (as used in this Policy) refers to any information that can be used to personally identify you or contact you online or offline. This may include, for example, your name and children’s names, postal address, email address, and phone number. Demographic information (as used in this Policy) includes any non-identifiable information about you or your children, such as your gender and children’s genders, birthdates or expected due dates, and information about your baby food buying habits, product and brand preferences, feeding styles, work status or professional credentials, and other related information. Login information (as used in this Policy) refers to information you create or set up when registering for an account through our Site (such as a unique username, password, and/or security question and answer). Login information allows you to access and update your online account information and preferences through Gerber.com.

Personal, demographic, and/or login information is only collected from you with your knowledge (i.e., if you voluntarily provide it to us) and, usually, in connection with the following activities: 

  * Signing up yourself for the SHSH Resource Center (“general account”);
  * Enrolling your friend for the SHSH Resource Center; 
  * Entering into a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion; 
  * Participating in a consumer survey or poll (for example, as part of our Consumer Panel); 
  * Registering for and using one of our interactive or social-type features, such as online message boards; 
  * Sending an e-card or other webpage or message to a friend through our Site; 
  * Contacting us with feedback, questions, or comments (such as through one of our Contact forms, or real-time Click-to-Talk feature); or,
  * Registering for or using any other service on Gerber.com or in connection with the SHSH Resource Center that requires the submission of personal information.



The specific types and amount of information collected for each of the items listed above will vary greatly depending on the specific feature or service you are requesting. For example, some features may require that you first create a general account by registering for the SHSH Resource Center, while others may simply require that you provide a limited amount of personal, demographic, and/or login information, without having to register for a general account. If you choose not to provide any information when requested, you may be limited in the features and services you can enjoy.

Please note that if demographic or login information is collected for an activity that also requires personal information, we may combine and store your demographic and login information together with your personal information. We may also enhance and update the information we’ve collected about you with information we acquire from you through other means and/or from third party sources. Combining your data in this manner allows us to personalize your experience on our Website, customize the materials we send you and display on our Site based on your interests and preferences, and otherwise improve Gerber products and services to better meet your needs. For more on how we use your information, please refer to Section 3 below.

**Sections of Gerber.com that are NOT controlled by Gerber**

Certain sections or links on the Gerber.com Website may direct you to a site or data collection form that is not owned or controlled by Gerber, but may be framed under the Gerber.com header or footer or otherwise appear to be affiliated with Gerber.com. Examples of this may include (but are not limited to) the Careers link in the footer of our Site (which may take you to a site controlled by our affiliate or parent company) and the online quote request form served on our Site by Gerber Life Insurance. These areas of our Site are not governed by this Privacy Policy. One way you might be able to tell whether you are on the Gerber.com Website versus a website other than Gerber.com is to look at the URL string that appears at the top of your Internet browser. If “Gerber.com” appears within the URL string, then you are likely on Gerber.com and therefore subject to this Privacy Policy.

* **How do we use the information you give us?**

Generally, all information collected from you is used and stored for the purposes for which the information was originally provided or as otherwise stated at the point of collection or in this Privacy Policy. For example, if you register for the SHSH Resource Center, the information you provide us is used to deliver you the benefits and privileges that come with being a registered member of that program. This may include, for example, receiving valuable information, promotions, special offers and savings (via email and/or postal mail) from Gerber, our affiliate brands and companies, and/or carefully selected third party partners (see Section 5 below for more information about third party partners), as well as an opportunity to be a part of our Consumer Panel survey program. If you register for the SHSH Resource Center through Gerber.com, your membership may also give you access to exclusive content or activities on our Site, such as online message boards, contests and sweepstakes, and downloadable coupons.

Under certain circumstances, the information you give us may be handled in a manner slightly different than what is described above. Listed below are some examples of when this may occur and a brief description for each: 

  * _Contact Forms_ – If you contact us through one of our online contact forms (e.g., Contact Us, or Click-to-Talk feature), your information is used to respond to your specific questions or requests, and in some instances, to post the answers to your questions in anonymous form on our Website for reference by other consumers. The information you provide through one of our Contact forms will not be used for any other purpose, unless you specifically authorize us to do so.
  * _Contests and Sweepstakes_ – To enter a Gerber contest or sweepstakes, you may be required to first register for a general account. In addition to using your information for the purposes set forth above, your entry information (including your personal information) may be used to notify you if you are a winner, verify your eligibility, and/or deliver you a prize. If you are selected a winner, and only with your permission, we may post on our Website limited information about you (such as your name or part of your name and city and state of residence). We may also request additional information from you (such as a photograph) that can be posted together with your name and location. Please see Section 5 below for information about contests and sweepstakes that may involve third party companies. 
  * _E-cards and Tell-a-Friend_ – To use these features on Gerber.com, you may be asked to provide your name and email address, your friend’s name and email address, and a personalized note to send along with your message. This information is used solely to facilitate the forwarding of your message through our Website and is not collected or stored by Gerber.
  * _Enroll-a-Friend_ – We may allow you to enroll your friend in certain Gerber programs, such as the SHSH Resource Center. If you choose to sign-up your friend for these services, you may be asked to provide your friend’s first and last name, full mailing address, and certain information about their children (expected or actual date of birth, how many children they have, etc.). This information is then used to send your friend valuable information and special offers (including SHSH Resource Center booklets) from Gerber via postal mail only. By providing us your friend’s personal information, you warrant that your friend is interested in receiving materials from Gerber and that you have your friend’s permission to provide us their personal information. Your friend will always have the opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving materials from Gerber, as explained in Section 7 below. The information you provide on a friend enrollment form is not subject to the Gerber partnership program described in Section 5 below, and will therefore not be shared with Gerber’s third party partners 
  * _Community Features_ – If we offer a message board or other interactive or social-type feature on our Site, please be aware that these areas may allow you to publicly post, and share with other users, certain messages, content, or other information (e.g., stories, pictures, ingredients, tips, etc.). Although we may take certain precautions to protect those who use these areas of our Site, we encourage you to be wary of giving out any personal information in public forums. The information you post can be collected and used by people you don't know. We cannot guarantee the privacy and safety of these areas, and are therefore not responsible for any information you choose to post. Your use of these features is fully at your own risk.
  * _Healthcare and Nutritional Tools_ – Our Site may provide certain contact forms or other tools that are intended for use by healthcare professionals, in addition to parents. As a result, these features may request certain additional information about a healthcare professional such as their title, medical credentials, and hospital or facility name. This information is used to send the healthcare professional the materials they request from Gerber. Additionally, some tools on our Site, such as our Track Your Weight tool, may allow an expecting mother to provide certain information about their pregnancy or upcoming childbirth (weight, doctor recommendations, etc.). These tools are usually made available for your online reference and display only, and, unless noted otherwise, do not send any information back to Gerber. 



**Third Party Offers and Information from Gerber**   
From time to time, we are approached by reputable third party companies and organizations that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. To extend these products or services to you, we may use your personal information to mail or email you materials on their behalf. This particular service is provided to you as part of your agreement to receive communications, promotions, and savings directly from Gerber or the SHSH Resource Center, and is entirely separate from the Gerber partnership program described in Section 5 below. As a result, these third party materials may be delivered to you together with some of our own materials, for example, as inserts that come with your SHSH Resource Center booklets. We see this as a value-added service helping you find special offers on products and services that may be of interest to you. Please remember that the materials we send you in connection with this particular service come directly from Gerber and, therefore, do not require us to share your personal information with third party companies. If you would prefer not to receive these third party materials from Gerber, you must request to opt-out from receiving communications from Gerber or the SHSH Resource Center.

* **Do we use cookies or other automated technologies to collect information?**

Like many other sites on the Internet, our Website may use a variety of standard web technologies to automatically collect certain information about your visit to our Site and, in return, provide you a more pleasant, convenient, and personalized experience during future visits to our Site. Examples of the types of technologies we use and how we use them are provided below.

**Cookies**   
“Cookies" are small text files or record-keeping devices that websites often store on a user's computer, and that generally come in two forms: session cookies and persistent cookies. We may use both session and persistent cookies on our Site. A session cookie (which expires at the end of your visit) may be used to gather basic information about your visit to our Site, such as the date and time of your visit, the length of your visit, and the pages/images you viewed during your visit. This information allows us to assess (in aggregate form) how our Site is being used and, in turn, improve its contents and functionality. A persistent cookie (which remains on your computer for a longer period of time) may be used to remember the content you previously viewed on our Site and/or certain personal information you provided when registering during an earlier visit to our Site (e.g., your name, email address, child’s name, child’s expected or actual date of birth, etc.). This allows us to (among other things) personally greet you by your name when you come back to our Site and to display content and information that is tailored to the progress of your pregnancy, child’s growth, or other interests. In addition, a session cookie will save you the time of having to re-register or re-enter information every time you come back to our Site or try to login to access member-only areas. We do not use cookies to collect personal information; however, as explained above, we may use cookies to store – in encrypted form – certain personal information you provided during an earlier visit to our Site.

You can always disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer; however, if you do so, you may not be able to register online for the SHSH Resource Center or use other features on our Site.

**Log Files**   
We may also collect and store information in the form of web logs – i.e., files that record general activity on our Website and gather non-identifiable statistics about your browsing patterns on our Site. The information we collect and store in log files may include (among other things): (i) the type of browser and operating system you use; (ii) your computer’s IP Address; and, (iii) other information about your online visit (e.g., URL you came from to get to our Site, date and time of your visit, and which pages you viewed and for how long). Some of this information may be captured by log files in conjunction with the use of cookies. In addition to using log file information to better understand how our Site is used and to improve its functionality, we may use certain log file information (such as your computer’s IP address) together with personal information (if necessary) to troubleshoot technical problems, help ensure the security of our Website, or prohibit or restrict certain users from accessing our Site or certain features on our Site.

**Web Beacons**   
We may also use web beacons (or clear GIFs) on our Website or include them in an email message we send you. Web beacons (also known as “web bugs”) are small strings of code that provide a method of delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data back to us. The information collected via web beacons may include some of the information described in the Log Files section above, as well as information about how a user responds to an email campaign from Gerber (e.g., the time the email is opened, where does the user link to from the email, etc.). We use web beacon information for a variety of purposes, including but not limited to, site traffic reporting, unique visitor counts, advertising and email auditing and reporting, and personalization.

* **Do we share your personal information?**

Gerber may share the information you provide us, including your personal and/or demographic information, in the following situations:

**Agents and Contractors**   
We may use outside companies, agents, or contractors (“vendors”) to provide support for the internal operations of our Website and to assist us with administering the SHSH Resource Center or various other Gerber.com programs or services. In the course of doing so, these vendors may be allowed to collect information (including personal information) from you or to process your information on our behalf. These vendors are only given access to the information they need in order to perform the specific tasks they’ve been hired to do, and are prohibited from using your personal information for any other purpose.

**Affiliate Companies**   
When you register for the SHSH Resource Center or otherwise provide us your personal information, we may share your information with certain affiliates of the Gerber Products Company, such as the Gerber Life Insurance Company. Doing this allows us to introduce you to products and services offered by our affiliate companies. It also enables us and our affiliates to gain a better understanding of who our consumers are across the company, so we can improve and target our products accordingly. You may be given the option to opt-out of this type of data sharing at the time of registration or when your information is collected.

**Gerber Partnership Program**   
As part of the SHSH Resource Center and (in some instances) in connection with a special event such as a contest or sweepstakes, Gerber may partner (either directly or through a list broker) with a variety of reputable and carefully selected third party companies who offer products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. If you choose to register for these programs, certain personal information about you (including your name, address, and email address) will be shared with these third party partners unless you explicitly opt-out at the time of registration. This allows our partners to contact you directly with information and special offers regarding their own products and services.

In addition, and as part of this same partnership program, we may share certain personal and demographic information about our registered users (including name, address, phone number, date of birth, and number of children) with data aggregators and/or list brokers for the purpose of enhancing their records (which they may resell to other companies) and/or to help Gerber (in return) acquire additional information about our own consumers. This could result in your receiving additional communications and materials from other companies who are not affiliates or third party partners of Gerber.

If you do not want your information to be shared with a company other than Gerber, please opt-out of our partnership program at the time your information is collected or do not register for the SHSH Resource Center. Please note that you are not required to participate in our partnership program in order to register for the SHSH Resource Center.

The Gerber partnership program does not apply to personal information that you provide us about a friend on a friend-enrollment form. Consequently, your friend’s information will not be shared with our third party partners or with data aggregators/list brokers (see Section 3 above for more information about friend enrollments).

**_California Residents_ : Your California Privacy Rights**   
If you are a California resident, you may have the right to request and receive certain information about our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, and your choices with respect to such disclosures. However, because it is our policy not to share your personal information with third parties unless you are first given the opportunity to opt-out from such sharing (and this policy is clearly disclosed above), we are exempt from having to meet this requirement. If you still wish to learn more about your California privacy rights, please contact us using the contact information provided at the top of this Policy.

**Legal and Business Transfers**   
We may disclose your personal information if we are required to do so by law, or if in our good faith judgment, such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal processes, respond to any claims, or protect the safety or rights of Gerber, our consumers, or the public.

In the event of a merger or acquisition of all or part of Gerber or our parent company by another company, or in the event Gerber or our parent company were to sell or dispose of all or a part of the Gerber business, the acquirer may have access to the information previously maintained by Gerber, which could include your personal information. Similarly, any information in our possession, including your personal information, may be transferred to a third party entity as part of a corporate reorganization, insolvency proceeding, or other similar event.

**Aggregate Information**   
From time to time, we may share your demographic information in anonymous and aggregate form with third party companies for the purpose of assessing overall trends about our consumers and conducting demographic and research studies. This information does not contain any of your personal information and is only shared in a bundled format. The information shared for these purposes may include non-identifiable information captured through the use of cookies or other similar web technologies, as described in Section 4 above.

* **What measures do we take to protect your personal information?**

Gerber takes a variety of measures to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information. These measures include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following:

  * We store your personal information in secure operating environments that are not available to the public (e.g., behind industry standard firewalls);
  * With respect to Gerber employees and vendors, your personal information is only accessible to authorized individuals on a strict need-to-know basis only;
  * We verify the identity of all registered users before they can access the personal information we maintain about them; and,
  * We do not collect financial information such as credit card numbers through our Website.


* **How can you opt-out from Gerber communications or access and update your information?**

The following outlines the choices you may have with respect to opting-out from Gerber communications, or accessing and updating the information we’ve stored about you:

  1. You always have the option not to give us any of your personal information. However, if you choose this option, you will be limited in the services and programs we can provide you, as already mentioned above.
  2. If you do not want to receive communications or materials from Gerber, our affiliates, and/or our third party partners, please opt-out from the relevant communications or materials at the time of registration or when the information is collected. If you did not opt-out at the time of registration or information collection, but, at a later time, wish to opt-out, please visit the appropriate "Edit profile" section(s) on our Website and update your preferences. If this option is not available to you (for example, because you registered for the SHSH Resource Center offline), please contact us using the information provided at the top of this Policy. Please note that after making an opt-out request, you may continue to receive residual communications from Gerber for up to an extra 10 days in the case of email and up to an extra 30 days in the case of postal mail, from the date of your request.   
**Special Note about Communications from Third Parties:** Any opt-out requests that you make after the time of registration may only take effect on communications or materials that Gerber or the SHSH Resource Center subsequently sends out. This includes any third party information or offers that we include in our materials (See Section 3 above). However, if, at the time of registration, you also agreed to receive information directly from one of our affiliates, or directly from our third party partners as part of our partnership program, you may need to contact these other companies separately to opt-out from their communications.
  3. Along with every communication, newsletter, or booklet that Gerber sends you, we provide you a mechanism to discontinue receiving future communications (i.e., unsubscribe). Simply follow the unsubscribe process or directions provided in the relevant email or booklet. Please see Section 7b above for important information about residual communications. 
  4. If you registered for the SHSH Resource Center or other Gerber program online, and wish to view, update, or correct your personal, demographic, and/or login information, please visit the appropriate "Edit Profile" section(s) on our Website and login to your account. 



If any of the mechanisms set forth above is not available to you or you wish to make a different request, please contact us using the information provided at the top of this Policy.

Please note that regardless of your opt-out selections, we reserve the right to continue sending you administrative or operational communications, such as important email confirmations (e.g., in response to an online registration or offline order) or to inform you about important product announcements (e.g., recalls) or updates to our Site (e.g., updates to our legal terms or privacy policy, site maintenance, etc.).

* **Do we collect information from children under 13?**   
Gerber does not knowingly solicit or collect personal or other information from children under the age of 13 through Gerber.com or the SHSH Resource Center. Our Site and the SHSH Resource Center are intended for mothers, parents, and other caretakers of babies and children. If we learn at any time that we have inadvertently collected personal information from a child, we will promptly delete the information from our records.
