> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the germanwings.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-10-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071011222415id_/http%3A//www.germanwings.com/en/meta_datenschutz.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Germanwings

Protection of privacy and personal data is very important to Germanwings. We pay particular attention to this in connection with our website <http://www.germanwings.com/>. Our data protection practices are in accordance with the conditions set out in the German Data Protection Law (BDSG) as well as other legal provisions governing data protection on the internet. In order to protect your data as much as possible against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction or unauthorised access, we take technical and organisational security measures. We are continually optimising these measures in light of technical advances.  


In order to process your flight booking we need certain personal data. If you are booking with Germanwings for the first time, you need to provide information such as your name, address, postal address, telephone number and email address and then choose a username and password. When you make a subsequent booking these data are then already stored and do not need to be entered again. In addition to this we ask for your payment details, such as bank details, account number or credit card number, with each booking. Your flight booking is made over SSL-encryption (Secure Socket Layer), which enables secure data transfer between your web browser and our booking system. 

Germanwings neither sells nor rents your personal data to third parties. We only pass on your personal data including information concerning method of payment and flight booking to the payment processing organisation of your credit or bank card, with which you are making your booking. Germanwings reserves the right to pass on your personal data to trusted third parties, who are performing services for you. For example, details from Germanwings booking forms may be offered to our cooperation partners, so that Germanwings customers can quickly and easily book hotels, reserve hire cars or take out holiday insurance. We will advise you before any data is transferred, and you will have to give your consent by clicking "OK". We only collect and/or pass on personal data to government/state bodies and authorities when obliged to by binding legislation. 

You have the right, free of charge and upon request, to obtain information relating to the data which we have stored about you. Furthermore you have the right to correct, erase or block incorrect data. Data used for accounting and billing purposes are not affected by deletion or cancellation. 

We use "cookies" (data files with configuration information) according to the guidelines of the German Audit Bureau of Circulations (Informationsgemeinschaft der Verbreitung von Werbeträgern e.V.). They help to provide a more comfortable user experience of the website, by for example, storing log-in data, so that you do not have to register again each time a booking is made. Nevertheless, it is possible to use our website without cookies. Most browsers are set up to automatically accept cookies. You can, however, deactivate cookie acceptance or instruct your browser to alert you whenever a cookie is sent.   


We use tracking software based on cookies, to obtain information about the frequency of use and the number of users of our website. We are, however, not able to gain any personal information by way of this software, which could be used to deduce users' identities. Germanwings can provide reputable third parties with statistics relating to the way in which customers behave when using the website, but these statistics contain no personal information whatsoever, which could be used to deduce users' identities. 

If you register for the Germanwings newsletter, we will provide you on an ongoing basis by email with news from the company and information about current offers. You can cancel newsletter delivery at any time, by clicking on the relevant cancel link in the newsletter. In order to measure the response we use measurement methods which conform to current standards in the sector, whereby the "click and open" links transmit information using hotspots. All data received is only available to us in anonymous and aggregated form.   


Our website contains links to other websites. This data protection declaration does not cover other website providers. We have no influence over whether the operators of websites which are linked to by us conform to data protection regulations. 

By using the Germanwings website you agree to Germanwings collecting information and using it in the ways described above. The rapid development of the internet means that our privacy policy needs to be adapted from time to time. We will inform you here of any changes. 

If you have any questions, requests or comments regarding data protection issues, please send an email to our data protection officer at the following address: [datenschutz@germanwings.com](mailto:datenschutz@germanwings.com)
