> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the crackerbarrel.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120623194420id_/http%3A//www.crackerbarrel.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Cracker Barrel

### PLEASE NOTE:

Our Privacy Policy has changed effective June 1, 2011. If you submitted personally identifiable information prior to this date, and wish to opt-out of having that previously submitted information from being treated under this new policy, please contact us at [privacy@crackerbarrel.com](mailto:privacy@crackerbarrel.com). 

**PRIVACY POLICY**  
 _(Effective & Last Modified June 1, 2011)_

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, Inc. (“Cracker Barrel”, “we”, “us and “our") offers you access to its interactive online websites, applications and services under its [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms-and-conditions/). This Privacy Policy explains what information may be collected when you access this website (www.CrackerBarrel.com) or any other website subject to this Privacy Policy (“Website”) or use any of our mobile or other applications (“Applications”), how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. Depending on your activities when using or accessing our Website or Applications (collectively, “Services”), you may from time-to-time be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.

Please note that this Privacy Policy applies regardless of whether you use our Services via a computer, mobile device or other platform (collectively, your “Equipment”). Also, this Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through our Services and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources (e.g., in person at our restaurants, over the telephone, etc.).

 ** _Modifications to this Privacy Policy_**

We generally keep this Privacy Policy posted on our Website. You should review this Privacy Policy frequently, as it may change from time to time without notice. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy. WHEN YOU USE OUR SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, OR TO ANY CHANGES WE MAY SUBSEQUENTLY MAKE, IMMEDIATELY STOP USING OUR SERVICES. Please note, however, that if we decide to use your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different than what is provided in this Privacy Policy or what we advised at the time it was collected, we will notify you of this change by e-mail to the last e-mail address provided to us or through our Applications. You will have a choice (by means of an “opt out” opportunity) as to whether or not we use the information in this different manner. If you opt out, we will use your personally identifiable information in accordance with the privacy policy and terms of use in place when the information was collected. 

### A.     INFORMATION WE COLLECT

We typically collect two kinds of information about you when you use our Services: (a) information that you provide that personally identifies you; and (b) information that does not personally identify you that we automatically collect or that you provide us. 

**1) Personally Identifiable Information:** Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you, such as your name, mail address, phone number, etc. As a general policy, we do not automatically collect your personally identifiable information when you visit our Website. In certain circumstances, we may request, allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit your personally identifiable information in connection with a feature, program, promotion or some other aspect of our Services. For instance, you may: (a) provide your name, mail/shipping address, email address, credit card number and phone number when registering or in connection with a contest entry or purchase from us; (b) provide certain demographic information about you (e.g., age, gender, purchase preference, usage frequency, zip code, etc.) when using our Applications, or participating in a survey or poll; or (c) post a general comment and/or recommendation on our Website or through our Applications. Certain information may not be personally identifiable when standing alone (e.g., your age), but may become so when combined with other information (e.g., your age and name). Whether or not you provide this information is your choice; however, in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity, realize a benefit we may offer, or gain access to certain content or features available through our Services. 

**(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information:** Our definition of non-personally identifiable information is any information that does not personally identify you. Non-personally identifiable information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified; that is, information that has been rendered anonymous. We obtain non-personally identifiable information about you from information that you provide us, either separately or together with your personally identifiable information. We also automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information from you when you access use our Services through your Equipment. This information can include, among other things, your mobile device, wireless carrier, IP addresses, the type of browser you are using (e.g., Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Opera, etc.), the third party website from which your visit originated, the operating system you are using (e.g., Vista, Windows XP, Mac OS, Android, iPhone, etc.), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, NetZero, etc.), the search terms you use; and how much you use our Services. 

### B.     HOW WE USE & SHARE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED

 **(1) Personally Identifiable Information:** The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests, respond to your inquiries, better serve you, or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information. We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons, such as customer service, providing you promotional information for our products or those of our parent company, subsidiaries or other affiliated companies (“affiliated companies”), or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via use of our Services. You may opt-out from receiving future promotional information from us or our affiliated companies, or direct that we not share your information with any affiliated companies, as set forth below. 

In certain instances we may also share your personally identifiable information with our third party vendors performing functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our affiliated companies) – e.g., vendors that operate our website store/shop, process credit card orders, administer our promotions, provide us marketing or promotional assistance, analyze our data, assist us with customer service, etc. Our vendors agree to use this information, and we share information with them, only to carry out our requests. In addition, we may share your personally identifiable information with participating sponsors to a program or promotion (e.g., a sweepstakes or contest) you enter via our Services and certain co-promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy or in our Terms of Use, your personally identifiable information will not be shared or sold to any third parties without your prior approval. 

**(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information:** We use non-personally identifiable information in a variety of ways. For example, we may use non-personally identifiable information to evaluate use of our Services (e.g., visits to our Website, use of our Applications, etc.), track the types of products being purchased, gauge coupon redemption rates, understand customer needs and trends, carry out targeted promotional activities, and to improve our services. We may use your non-personally identifiable information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from other customers or other sources. We may, among other things, share your non-personally identifiable information with our affiliated companies and/or sell it to third parties to achieve these and any other business objectives (e.g., generate revenue, form alliances, etc.). However, it is important to remember that your non-personally identifiable information (whether standing alone or combined with other non-personally identifiable information) is anonymous information that does not personally identify you. 

### C.     COOKIES AND PREFERENCE BASED ADVERTISING

 **(a) Cookies and Web Beacons:** We use "cookies" and "web beacons" (also called “clear gifs” or “pixel tags”) to obtain certain types of information when you access our Website via your Equipment. "Cookies" are small files that we transfer to your Equipment’s hard drive, memory or web browser to enable our systems to recognize you. For instance, cookies allow us to remember Service preferences you have previously set. "Web beacons" are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and may be used to track the online movements of users, when an email has been opened, and to provide other information. 

Examples of the information we collect and analyze in this manner include the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your Equipment to the Internet; your browser type and version, operating system, and platform; your activities on our Website, including the URL you come from and go to next (whether this URL is on our site or not); and cookie number. **It is important to note that the cookies and Web beacons that we use do not contain and are not tied to personally identifiable information.**

If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies, you may be able to delete cookies manually from your hard drive or mobile device or take other steps to prevent cookies from being loaded to your Equipment. Please note, however, that some portions of our Services will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies. 

**(b) Preference Based Advertising:** We may now or in the future work with third parties, including third party advertising networks and website analysis firms, who use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit our Website and third party sites. This non-personally identifiable information, collected through cookies and web beacons, is often used by these advertising networks to serve you with advertisements, while on third party sites, tailored to meet your preferences and needs. For more information on how this type of advertising works, [Click Here](http://www.aboutads.info/consumers). 

if you do not wish to be served third party advertising via these third party advertising networks, please [Click Here](http://www.aboutads.info/choices) or [Click Here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) and follow the simple opt-out process. A couple of important notes about this opt-out tool: (1) it includes all the advertising networks that we may work with, but also many that we do not work with; and (2) it may rely on cookies to ensure that a given advertising network does not collect information about you (“Opt-out Cookies”). Therefore, if you use or buy new Equipment, change web browser or delete these Opt-out Cookies, you may need to perform the opt-out task again.

### D.     OTHER USES & INFORMATION

 **(1) IP Addresses:** An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your Equipment whenever you access the Internet. Web servers (computers that "serve up" web pages) automatically identify your Equipment by its IP address. When visitors request pages from our Website, our servers typically log their IP addresses. We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration, to report non-personal aggregate information to others, and to track the use of our Services. IP addresses are considered non-personally identifiable information and may also be shared as provided above. It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable; that is, the visitor's session will be logged, but the visitor remains anonymous to us. However, we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor at the request of the visitor or when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Service rules or to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Services, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our customers or the general public. 

**(2) Email Communications:** If you send us an email with questions or comments, we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments, and we may save your questions or comments for future reference. For security reasons, we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information, such as passwords, social security numbers, or bank account information, to us by email. However, aside from our reply to such an email, it is not our standard practice to send you email unless you request a particular service or sign up for a feature that involves email communications, it relates to purchases you have made with us (e.g., product updates, customer support, etc.), we are sending you information about our other products and services, or you consented to being contacted by email for a particular purpose. In certain instances, we may provide you with the option to set your preferences for receiving email communications from us; that is, agree to some communications but not others. You may "opt out" of receiving future commercial email communications from us by clicking the "unsubscribe" link included at the bottom of most emails we send, or as provided below; provided, however, we reserve the right to send you transactional emails such as customer service communications. 

**(3) Transfer of Assets:** As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all (or substantially all) of our assets, the personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity, though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties. 

**(4) Other:** Regardless of any other provision in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information about you if we are required to do so by law, with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims, or if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Services, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our customers or the general public. 

### E.     PUBLIC FORUMS

We may offer chat rooms, blogs, message boards, bulletin boards, or similar public forums where you and other users of our Services can communicate. The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information (including personal information) in connection with your use of these public forums. We may use personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum. Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone, including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Services. 

### F.     CHILDREN

The features, programs, promotions and other aspects of our Services requiring the submission of personally identifiable information are not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us please contact us at [privacy@crackerbarrel.com](mailto:privacy@crackerbarrel.com). A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child's personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use of that information. 

### G.     KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE

We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Please be advised, however, that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online or through our Services, and are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information. In the unfortunate event that your "personally identifiable information" (as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach) is compromised, we may notify you by e-mail (at our sole and absolute discretion) to the last e-mail address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances; provided, however, delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation. From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information, and when appropriate, we upgrade our information security systems. 

### H.     OTHER SITES/LINKS

Our Services may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain, such as in connection with purchasing products we may recommend or reference via our Services and/or advertisements you may see while using our Services. We are not responsible for the content provided at, or privacy practices employed by, any third party website. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information through these websites. 

### I.     CONTACT & OPT-OUT INFORMATION

You may contact us as at [privacy@crackerbarrel.com](mailto:privacy@crackerbarrel.com) if: (a) you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy; (b) wish to make corrections to any personally identifiable information you have provided; (c) want to opt-out from receiving future commercial correspondence, including emails, from us or our affiliated companies; or (d) wish to withdraw your consent to sharing your personally identifiable information with others. 

We will respond to your request and, if applicable and appropriate, make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Website. 

### J.     SOLE STATEMENT

This Privacy Policy as posted on this Website is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this Website, and no summary, modification, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Website. 
