> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the crainsnewyork.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141215230904id_/http%3A//www.crainsnewyork.com/section/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Crain's New York Business

CrainsNewYork.com, Crain's Health Pulse and Crain's Insider are services from _Crain's New York Business_ , which is a business unit of Crain Communications Inc. Our postal address is 685 Third Ave., New York, NY, 10017-4036. We can be reached by email at [customerservice@crainsnewyork.com](mailto:customerservice@crainsnewyork.com) or by telephone at 877-824-9379. Your use of our website indicates to us that you have read and accepted our Privacy Policy and our [Terms & Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms) of Use.

We have developed this Privacy Policy to advise subscribers and users of our products about our possible uses of information collected by us and to inform you on how to modify your marketing preferences. This Privacy Policy is subject to change. When we make any material change to this Privacy Policy, we will inform you by posting a notice on the home page of this site and by changing the date on this page noting when the Privacy Policy was last updated.

When you subscribe, register, make purchases or at other times, we collect and store personally identifiable information from you that may include your name, postal and email addresses, credit card information, facts about your profession, company and responsibilities and information regarding your computer system. We may from time to time obtain data from third-parties such as business partners or other companies and append it to existing user data to add more detail to the information we have about you.

For each visitor to this website, our Web server may automatically attempt to identify the user through a cookie set within your browser. This is done to provide access to the site. From time to time we may also track information, in aggregate, on pages and features that users access or view. The activity is collected and stored in our server's log files. We may log Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, or the location of your computer on the Internet, for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes. We use this information in an aggregate fashion to track access to the website. Our email alerts utilize tracking technology that allows us to see how many newsletter emails are opened and the email address of users who have clicked on a given story, feature or advertisement. We use this information for internal purposes to measure the aggregate number of people who view a given newsletter item.

We may also set cookies to your computer to allow subscribers and users to store login information, set personalization and navigate easily through the site. Additionally, through the use of an additional cookies or technology, we will have the ability to track users by their behavior profile and geographic location for the purpose of pushing advertising that matches their interests and/or specific location. We may conduct online surveys and contests or generate content that is presented by aggregating activity of users on the site. These surveys and contests are entirely voluntary and you may decline to participate.

We may use third-party advertising service vendors to serve advertisements on this website. These vendors may use cookies, Web beacons or similar technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited. In doing so, these vendors may collect non-personal data such as your browser type, your operating system, Web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, and other clickstream data. The use of cookies, Web beacons or similar technologies by these advertising service vendors is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours, and we disclaim all liability in connection therewith. If you do not want the benefits of these advertising cookies, Web beacons or similar technologies, you may be able to opt out by visiting [www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp).

Information collected about subscribers and users may be used by us and our affiliates and partnering third-party companies to provide subscribers and users with the features of the site, to enable us to provide the products you requested, to personalize content and advertising, to send you email notifications about our services and products, for audits, to perform statistical analysis of user behavior in order to measure interest in the various areas of our site (such as for product development purposes), to enforce our user agreement and to inform advertisers as to how many users have seen or "clicked" their advertising banners. We will disclose site usage information to third-parties only in aggregate.

We may disclose personal information if we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Web site; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public (among other things, this means that if you provide false information or attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions). In the event that the _Crain's New York Business_ website is acquired by or merged with another company, we may transfer information about you to the successor entity.

From time to time, we may make individual subscriber or user information available to carefully selected third-parties to send you information through email or postal mail about their products or services. If you prefer not to have your personal information disclosed to third-parties for direct marketing purposes, please send an email stating this preference and including your full name and email address to [customerservice@crainsnewyork.com](mailto:customerservice@crainsnewyork.com) or, if you are a print subscriber, please call 877-824-9379. A user may change/correct his/her preferences or personal information at any time online or by contacting us at the above email address or phone number. We retain the right to contact a subscriber or registered user regarding account status, orders for products or services, changes to the registration agreement or to enforce our subscription agreement.

We will remove any registrant (and their personal information) from our database pursuant to a request from the registrant, including full name and email address, to [customerservice@crainsnewyork.com](mailto:customerservice@crainsnewyork.com). You may not be able to fully access this website if you request removal of your personal information.

This website is operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provided to us will be transferred to the United States. By using our website, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.

If you have any questions or concerns about the substance or implementation of this Privacy Policy, please contact the Crain Communications Inc. Legal Department at [privacyhelp@crain.com](mailto:privacyhelp@crain.com) or 313-446-6000.

**Policy Last Updated :** January 2012
