> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the crazyengineers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121105165147id_/http%3A//www.crazyengineers.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | CrazyEngineers

This privacy policy applies to the information CrazyEngineers Technologies Pvt. Ltd. collects from the users of CrazyEngineers.com (“CE”,”Site”) to provide high-quality services & better user experience. This privacy policy does not to the information collected from you by the sites accessible from or linked to CrazyEngineers.com. Information collected by third parties is subject to their respective privacy policies.

The providers of the service (“Service”), CrazyEngineers Technologies Private Limited (“We”, “Us”, “Our”) declare the following privacy policy:-

##  **Personal Information**

* * *

We collect your personal information only when you make it available to us various forms & settings available on CE. For example, we collect your email address, engineering discipline, Site password etc. when you register an account with us. You may continue to visit any page on CE without declaring your identity or personal information to us.

##  **Information Sharing**

* * *

We will never share, sell or rent the information that can be used to identify you directly with the third parties. In case of a need, we will ask your permission before sharing your information except in response to a legal process. The only information we may share with third parties is the overall traffic analysis of the Site; which does not contain any of your personal information.

##  **Cookies, IP Tracking & Logs**

* * *

CE & the user tracking mechanisms (like Google Analytics) may log your Internet Protocol address (IP) or when you visit various pages generated by the Site. A cookie is a small text file that can be created on your computer to track your website activity. It may also be used to store & recall the personal information you’ve provided to the Site. Most modern web browsers allow you to control the cookie behavior. Some parts of the Site may not function properly if you choose not to accept cookies created by CE.

The user tracking mechanisms may record your IP address, browser type & version, screen size, geo-location, clicking patterns etc. to collect data about your Site usage. CE may log your IP address to keep records of your Site access & leaving times. We use this data to improve our services which ultimately benefit the user.

##  **Internet Advertising**

* * *

We are able to keep CE free to all users because of the revenues that we generate through Internet advertising. We deploy leading advertising network like Google Adsense & direct advertising on the Site. Some of these advertisements may be targeted at you based on your browsing history, interests and the content of the page you are reading.

##  **Changes To Privacy Policy**

* * *

We may update this privacy policy any time without informing the users. It is recommended that users should check this page to have up to date information about CrazyEngineers.com privacy policy.

##  **Contact Us**

* * *

If you have any questions or concerns about CrazyEngineers.com privacy policy, feel free to contact us by clicking on the ‘Contact Us’ link at the bottom of this page. We’ll be happy to respond to you.
