> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the budgetair.ie privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161101212713id_/http%3A//www.budgetair.ie/info/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - BudgetAir.ie - BudgetAir

Club Travel Limited trading as BudgetAir trades under the following brand names –

BudgetAir, Club Travel, Go4Less, Budget Travel, Destinations Worldwide Holidays, Australian Holidays, 1800Hotels, Caribbean Collection, Travel4students, HRG, EasyFare, TravelCare, Go South America, Escape2, Eurasia.

As a valued BudegetAir customer, your personal privacy is very important to us. This page outlines our policy concerning personal information. By using the BudgetAir website, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy. We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time to take account of changing requirements such as changes in technology or legislation, and request that you refer back to this Policy frequently to become aware of any such revisions. In addition, we recommend that you review the privacy policy of any website accessed through the BudgetAir website as these sites may be subject to different privacy practices. BudgetAir is not responsible for these websites or for the information made available thereon.

When you purchase flights online or access your personal profile you can do so through a secure server. The use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology means that all personal information, such as your credit card number, will be encrypted as it travels from your computer to the BudgetAir Online Booking Engine. When received, the information is decrypted and processed in the same way as a normal credit card transaction by telephone.

If your browser supports SSL, and if you entered our site via our secure server access, then transmission of any sensitive data will be protected. If your browser does not support SSL, we recommend that you upgrade to the latest version of any browser to enhance the security of further transactions, otherwise the transmission of your personal data may not be protected and BudgetAir disclaims any responsibility in this regard.

We use your personal information to identify you as a customer, to process your booking, to verify credit or other charge card details (if applicable) and to deliver relevant information to you in connection with your travel and any ancillary services which you may wish to avail of. Your information may also be used for immigration and customs control (see further below), security, administrative and legal purposes. For these purposes, we may transmit your personal information to our own offices, authorised agents, other carriers and service providers, credit and charge card companies, data processing companies working on our behalf and to government agencies. Some of these entities may be located outside the European Economic Area. Your personal information and any records relating to your air travel will also be retained for audit functions.

Laws in force in the USA require BudgetAir to collect certain information from all passengers travelling to and from the USA, prior to travel. This information includes information held in the machine-readable zone (MRZ) of your passport (passport number, country of issue, passport expiry date, given names, last name, gender and date of birth) together with other information which is not held in the MRZ of your passport (country of residence, citizenship, alien registration card number, destination address in the USA).

In addition, under U.S. Law, U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) will receive certain travel and reservation information, known as Passenger Name Record or PNR data, about passengers flying between the European Union and the U.S. CBP has undertaken that it uses this PNR data for the purposes of preventing and combating terrorism and other transnational serious crimes. The PNR may include information provided during the booking process or held by airlines or travel agents. The information will be retained for at least three years and six months and may be shared with other authorities.

Further information about these arrangements, including measures to safeguard your personal data, can be obtained on [www.dhs.gov](http://www.dhs.gov/) and [ec.europa.eu](http://ec.europa.eu/).

We´ve implemented the Google Analytics display advertising feature. We and third-party vendors use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) or other first-party identifiers, and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together. You can opt out of the Google Analytics Advertising Features that we use here: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/>
