> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the joe.ie privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171214215110id_/https%3A//www.joe.ie/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement | JOE.ie

### Section 1. Introduction

At JOE.ie we respect the right to personal privacy and our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003. This Privacy Policy outlines how we deal with any personal data you provide to us while visiting this website, or as a registered user. If you are not happy with this Website Privacy Statement you should not use this website.

By using this website, you are accepting the terms of this privacy statement. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such, and we are not responsible for the content or the privacy statements of these other websites.

### Section 2. Types of Information Collected

We retain two types of information:

_"Personal Data"_  
This is data that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you and includes information such as your name, address, sex, email address, birth date, marital status, occupation and salary range. While information such as name and email address is mandatory (we need it to provide you with the service), the rest is only collected from you if you voluntarily submit it to us.

_"Non-Personal Data"_  
Like many websites, we gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our website. This Non-Personal Data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses (where they have been clipped), browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our website.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.

Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website and clicking on the 'I Accept' button, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

### Section 3. Purposes for which we hold your Information

_"Non-Personal Data"_  
We use the Non-Personal Data gathered from visitors to our website in an aggregate form to get a better understanding of where our visitors come from and to help us better design and organise our website.

_"Cookies"_  
This website uses "cookie" technology. A cookie is a little piece of text stored by the browser on your computer, at the request of our server. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your personal preferences so you do not have to re-enter them each time you connect to our website - our cookies are not available to other websites. Our cookies will record the number of user sessions on the site and to track the number of users who return to the site. You are always free to decline our cookies, if your browser permits, or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent. You can also delete cookie files from your computer at your discretion. Note that if you decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of this website.

_"Personal Data"_  
We will process any Personal Data you provide to us for the following purposes:

  1. to respond to any queries you submit to us;
  2. where you have consented to the sharing of your information with third parties, we will do so in accordance with Section 4 below;
  3. to seek your views on our site and our services;
  4. to send you newsletters or other forms of communication that you register for.



### Section 4. Disclosure of Information to Third Parties

We may provide Non-Personal Data to third parties, where such information is combined with similar information of other users of our website. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our website, the demographic breakdown of our community users of our website, or the activities that visitors to our website engage in while on our website. The third parties to whom we may provide this information may include potential or actual advertisers, providers of advertising services (including website tracking services), commercial partners, sponsors, licensees, researchers and other similar parties.

We will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties unless you have consented to this disclosure or unless the third party is required to fulfil a service you have requested (in such circumstances, the third party is bound by similar data protection requirements). Any third party we disclose the information to will use it for the purposes of delivering the service in question unless you have agreed otherwise.

We will disclose your Personal Data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.

### Section 5. Security

Your Personal Data is held on secure servers hosted by our Internet Service Provider. The nature of the Internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the Internet. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. However, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your Personal Data.

### Section 6. Updating, Verifying and Deleting Personal Data

You may inform us of any changes in your Personal Data, and in accordance with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 we will update or delete your Personal Data accordingly. We will not hold your Personal Data for any longer than is necessary for functions for our website. We will review our databases on a periodic basis, and shall delete data that is outdated, inaccurate, or no longer necessary. JOE.ie reserves the right to contact users in this regard.

### Section 7. Changes to the Website Privacy Policy

Any changes to this Website Privacy Statement will be posted on this website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we decide to use Personal Data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Website Privacy Statement, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in the new manner.

**Any queries or comments about this policy should be sent to[info@joe.ie](mailto:info@joe.ie "Email JOE.ie")**

Please note that any site that you may connect to from here is not covered by this Privacy Policy.
