> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the linccweb.org privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030623074353id_/http%3A//linccweb.org/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CCLA - Privacy Statement

LINCCWeb ([ _www.linccweb.org_](https://web.archive.org/linccweb/)) and the CCLA Web site ([ _www.ccla.lib.fl.us_](https://web.archive.org/ccla/)) are provided by the College Center for Library Automation (CCLA).

CCLA is committed to protecting the privacy of registered users and visitors to our Web sites. CCLA does not collect personal information about visitors to our Web sites unless you choose to disclose that information to us. We do not share information about individual users with any third party except as needed to provide services you request or for authorized law enforcement activities. CCLA staff use registration and statistical information to improve content and tailor it to suit your needs, to provide easier access to advanced features, and to help us serve you better.   
  
**Information CCLA Uses**

For Web site management, CCLA collects usage information for statistical purposes. CCLA software programs create summary statistics that are used for such purposes as assessing interest in site content, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas. CCLA collects and stores the following information:

  * Internet domain (for example, " _xyzcompany.com_ " if you use a private Internet account, or " _yourschool.edu_ " if you connect from an educational institution's domain) and IP address from which you access our Web sites 
  * Type of browser and operating system used to access our Web sites 
  * Date and time you access our Web site 
  * Pages you visit on our Web sites 
  * Internet address of the Web site from which you linked directly to our Web sites 

Back to Top

**Personal Information**

Some personal information is accessible to you on LINCCWeb through a secure login to services such as MyAccount. Personal information such as your name, address and phone number, library materials currently checked out or requested, and fines owed, may be displayed on the screen during your session. Although some online sessions are set to time out automatically after a period of inactivity, you should always close the browser window promptly after any session in which personal information was entered or displayed. Closing the browser window will prevent another person from viewing your personal information. 

Your secure login to LINCCWeb services requires that you enter a Borrower ID number. The ID number is a 9- or 14-digit number, as determined by the institution with which you are affiliated. A 9-digit number may be based on your Social Security Number (SSN). Personal information, including the SSN (if used), is collected and maintained by your local institution. Any changes to this information must be made through your local institution.

If you submit personal information when requesting information or services from CCLA (as in an e-mail message or an electronic form) we will use this information to respond to your request. Your e-mail may be forwarded within CCLA for our staff to assist you. We may also forward requests for assistance to another appropriate institution (such as your local community college) for response. Other than for the foregoing reasons, we do not share e-mail or other personal information with outside organizations without obtaining your permission.

Back to Top

**Cookies**

"Cookies" are small bits of information generated by a Web server that are either used for the duration of a session, or saved on a user's computer in order to identify that user (or information about that user) the next time they log on to a Web site. We use cookies to facilitate delivery of several LINCCWeb applications. For example, we use a cookie in conjunction with LINCCWeb's "Electronic Resources" Web page so that you do not need to enter your borrower ID more than once during the same browser session. This cookie is deleted when your session ends and is not collected or saved. 

Back to Top

**Encryption**

We utilize industry standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption in conjunction with freely available Web browsers. The SSL technology helps ensure the private, secure transmission of any personal information (e.g., borrower identification) that you provide via a Web browser.

Back to Top

**Links to Other Web Sites**

Once you link from CCLA's Web sites to another site, you are subject to the privacy policy of the new site. Such linking does not constitute CCLA's endorsement of the new site's privacy policy. Please refer to [CCLA's Terms of Use Statement](https://web.archive.org/web/20030623074353id_/http%3A//linccweb.org/terms_of_use.asp#links) for more information about links from CCLA's Web sites to other Web sites.

Back to Top

**Applicable Laws and Policies**

Privacy and public records obligations are governed by applicable [Florida statutes](http://www.leg.state.fl.us/Statutes/index.cfm) and [U.S. laws](http://uscode.house.gov/usc.htm). Confidentiality of library registration records is protected under [ Section 257.261, Florida Statutes](http://www.leg.state.fl.us/statutes/index.cfm?App_mode=Display_Index&Title_Request=XVIII#TitleXVIII). CCLA use of personal information is also subject to the policies of the Florida Community College System.

Back to Top

**Changes to this Privacy Statement**

This document was last updated September 26, 2002. We will occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the "last updated" date.
