> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lindtusa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101122094117id_/http%3A//www.lindtusa.com/info-exec/display/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Lindt

Lindt will not collect any personally identifiable information about you (such as your name, address, telephone number or email address ("personal information")) through our web site unless you provide it to us voluntarily. You are not required to register or otherwise "sign-in" to browse and enjoy our site.

### Personal Information

This is the official web site of Lindt & Sprüngli (USA), Inc. ("Lindt"), makers of fine chocolates. We at Lindt respect your concerns about privacy. Accordingly, we have enacted the following policies which are intended to protect your privacy and ensure that all voluntarily submitted personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner. As we continue to develop our web site and take advantage of technologies to improve the services we provide, our policies will continue to evolve in order to maintain the same standards of privacy protection.

We collect personal information when you request our services, and only use the information collected to provide that service for you. If you choose to make a purchase, you will be asked to provide contact information (such as your name and shipping address) and financial information (such as your credit card number and expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to process your order. If you send a gift and provide the recipient's shipping address, or send a gift certificate and provide the recipient's email address, this information is used only for delivery purposes. If new information becomes available to us, we may use the new information to provide you with additional Lindt services. When requesting a service, you may also choose to receive updates and special offers ("newsletters") from Lindt. Like all services provided through our web site, the choice to receive Lindt newsletters is optional and you may change your preference at any time.

Any personal information provided will not be sold, rented, traded or otherwise shared with anyone outside of Lindt and Lindt's assistants (such as our shipping or credit card companies), or used for reasons beyond those contemplated by this statement. None of Lindt's assistants retain, share, store or use personal information for any reason other than providing the requested service or as contemplated by our privacy policy.

### Access to Personal Information

Our goal is to provide our customers with the best service possible. To do this, we need to make sure that our information is accurate, current, and reliable for its intended use. In order to provide you with the best service possible, Lindt actively attempts to ensure that all contact information is accurate and up-to-date. If your personal information changes or if you no longer wish to receive our newsletters, you may correct, amend, or delete your account information at any time. As we continue to globalize our web services, we hope to provide online access capabilities to all of our users. At present, online access to personal information is available only in select locations. If you are visiting our web site and are located in a region that offers online access capabilities, you may access your information at any time by visiting our Account Information page. If you are located in a region that does not yet offer this service, you may correct, amend, or delete your account information at any time by contacting Customer Service. Contact details are available at all Lindt online stores, or may be accessed by visiting the [Store Locator](http://www.lindtusa.com/locate-exec/) page.

### Non-Personal Information

A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing non-personally identifiable information about the user. We at Lindt do not believe that our customers should be subject to involuntary information collection or tracking practices regardless of whether the information is personally identifiable or not. Therefore, the use of cookies on our web site is limited to carrying out one specific function: A cookie is used to mark where you request to go in our Account Information section so that you may proceed to that page after entering your password. In no other way does Lindt use cookies, or collect or track non-personally identifiable information.

We allow some of our business partners to place their logo and a link on our web site if we think their business may be of interest to you. Please be aware that even though we try to choose partners who adhere to similar privacy standards and practices, we cannot control their use of cookies in relation to these links. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy policies of all the sites you visit.

### Security

Lindt takes every precaution to protect our customers' information. When you submit personal information, it is protected both online and off-line. Whether you purchase a product, send a gift, or request our newsletters, you do so under up-to-date encryption/security policies and technological safeguards. All personal information is collected pursuant to these standards and is secured in databases for the sole and exclusive use of Lindt. Only those who need the information to perform a specific job (such as our billing clerks or customer service representatives) are granted access to personal information. Furthermore, all of our employees attend a mandatory security training session and are kept up-to-date on our privacy practices. Questions regarding our privacy policy, enforcement procedures, or security measures can be answered at any time by contacting Customer Service. Contact details are available at all Lindt online stores, or may be accessed by visiting the [Store Locator](http://www.lindtusa.com/locate-exec/) page.
