> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the linknami.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209035632id_/http%3A//www.linknami.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Linknami

Privacy Policy 

Linknami takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. The federal government and technology industry have developed practical tips to help you guard against Internet fraud, secure your computer and protect your personal information. 

Linknami strives to keep all of our terms, including our privacy policy, to be as simple as possible. Linknami collects information to customize the content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you and for other reasons. Linknami also allows its users to create profiles on the Linknami service. Linknami collects two types of information: 

Information We Explicitly Request 

In order to sign up for a Linknami account and use the service, we require some simple information like a name, email address and/or account authorization via Facebook, Twitter, Google+, etc. When you enter this information, Linknami stores it so your account may persist, and to help us keep a record of your activites on the service. 

Additionally, Linknami may request and collect financial information including tax ID or other information necessary to receive or render payment for advertising services or other services. 

Information Provided From the Use of Our Service 

Occasionally Linknami will collect certain kinds of information about how/when you use the service, like when you visit a link generated by the Linknami service, or post an ad to a social media account. This information includes: 

  * Log Information - This can include details of how you used the service/arrived at the service, your IP address, and cookies which may uniquely identify your account or browser.
  * Device Information - In order to better serve our customers, Linknami occasionally collects data about the types of devices which access our service, including hardware models, operating system versions, unique device identification and mobile network information, including phone numbers.
  * Location Information - When you access the Linknami service from a device, or connect a location-aware social media account, Linknami may store location information in order to better serve our users and customers
  * Local storage - We may collect and store information - including personally identifiable information - locally on your device, using cookies, browser web storage, and application data caches, among other sources

  
Information Sharing 

Linknami does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or when we respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. If Linknami becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. 

Linknami may combine information we obtain from business partners or other companies, such as our social media partners, with information Linknami has collected about you in order to serve you better or optimize the functions of the Service. 

Cookies 

Linknami may set and access Linknami cookies on your computer. Linknami uses these cookies in connection with Linknami products and services. 

Contents of Items 

The contents of any item that you post directly to the Site, including any text, images, photos, videos and audio, are stored and maintained on our servers in order to publish these items and provide the Service. Your submitted content will be associated with your account. 

Confidentiality and Security 

We limit access to personal information about you to employees or third-party agents who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. 

Third Party Sites 

This Policy only applies to the Linknami website and services. We do not exercise control over the sites that our service links to. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. We encourage you to read such privacy policies of any third-party sites you visit. It is the sole responsibility of such third parties to adhere to any applicable restrictions on the disclosure of your personally-identifying information, and Linknami shall not be liable for wrongful use or disclosure of your personally-identifying information by any third party. 

Financial Information 

Financial information, including Paypal addresses, credit card details and other financial information is stored using industry-standard security by Linknami and will not be shared with third parties except where such parties are necessary to process payment. 

International Transfer 

Information given to Linknami is transmitted to and stored within the United States. 

Children 

Linknami is not intended for use by children. Anyone under the age of 13 is not permitted to use the Service and must not attempt to register an account or submit personal information to the Service. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from any person under the age of 13 or allow them to register an account. If Linknami learns it has unknowingly collected this information it is deleted as soon as possible. If you have reason to believe Linknami has collected this data or are a parent or legal guardian who is concerned their child or ward has accessed the service please contact us by email at info (at) Linknami.com. 

Change to this Privacy Policy 

Linknami may update this policy to be consistent with industry best practices and to better serve our users and customers. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page and maintain a "last updated" date. 

Last modified: January 15 2012. 
