> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the linkemperor.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130520222030id_/http%3A//www.linkemperor.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Link Emperor

We recognize that your data is very personal and sensitive. This Privacy Policy explains our commitment to protecting your privacy, with regard to your use of linkemperor.com ("Web Site") and the Link Emperor™ Search Engine Optimization service available from the Web Site ("Service").

### Information We Collect

  * There are two main types of information we collect: (1) information you input yourself once logged in to the Service, which is primarily your keyword, lander, and backlink information, as well as the information generated by our system from this information ("User Content"); and (2) information customarily logged by web server software, including the date and time of your visit, the originating IP address, the pages and images requested ("Usage Data").
  * Additionally, we collect information from those who communicate with us via e-mail or our website, and information volunteered by consumers, such as the information you provide during registration ("Registration and Billing Data"), and contact form submissions and E-Mails ("Correspondance Data").



### How Information is Used

  * "User Content" is only used to provide you with the Link Emperor™ Search Engine Optimization service. We will not access this data for any other purpose, except as provided below.
  * "Usage Data" and "Correspondance Data" is used to help us understand how the Service is being used and to help us improve the Service.
  * "Registration and Billing Data" is used for billing purposes and to notify you about important service-related notices.
  * E-Mail addresses collected will be used to communicate with you regarding the Service. We communicate such things as announcements of new features, changes to Terms of Use/Privacy Policy, information about systems outages, and other Service-related announcements.
  * Unless you request otherwise, we may use the name of your website and screenshots from your website in advertisments promoting Link Emperor™.
  * All information may be disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the Terms of Use and policies governing the Service and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Service.
  * Due to the nature of the job, Velluto VIP, LLC database and server administrators may see your User Content while performing Service administration (for example, restoring a set of data from a failed hard disk). These people have signed confidentiality agreements and, if they fail to preserve this confidence, they are subject to disciplinary action, including losing their job, and potential criminal prosecution.



### Technology

  * Certain browsing sessions are secured with SSL, to prevent eavesdropping, tampering, and message forgery. If SSL is enabled, you will see a lock icon in your browser.
  * Cookies: Use of the Service requires support for cookies, small pieces of data that are stored on your computer's hard drive and transmitted back to the Service with each web page request. A cookie simply identifies your browser to the Service by assigning it a unique ID number, which enables us to associate your session with your account.



### Removing Information

  * You may use the Service to delete any of your "User Content," and doing so will remove such content from our active servers immediately.
  * All of your "User Content" will be deleted from our active servers when you cancel your account.
  * Because of our efforts to ensure Service availability, we maintain backup copies of all data. As a result, residual copies of your "User Content" may remain on backup media, backup servers, and disk snapshots for up to six months after deletion or account cancellation.



### Other Provisions

  * Your use of the Service is governed by a Terms of Service, which will prevail in the event of a conflict with this document.
  * This Privacy Policy does not describe information collection practices on other sites, including those linked to or from the Web Site.
  * We use third parties to facilitate our business, such as co-location and server rental, payment processing, and news feeds. In connection with these offerings and business operations, our service providers may have access to your information for use for a limited time in connection with these business activities. Where we utilize third parties for the processing or storing of any information, we have ensured that they will fully comply with this Privacy Policy.
  * Google Analytics: We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies and other methods to help us study usage patterns on the Service. Information generated from your use of the Service will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of preparing reports regarding aggregate use of the Service. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
  * If the ownership of all or substantially all of Velluto VIP, LLC, or individual business units associated with the Service, were to change, your user information may be transferred to the new owner so the service can continue operations. In any such transfer of information, your user information would remain subject to the promises made in this Privacy Policy. In the event of such transaction, we will alert Link Emperor™ paying customers of such change via E-Mail, and provide an opportunity to cancel or change your service.



### Changes to this Privacy Policy

  * Velluto VIP, LLC reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a new Privacy Policy at this location and alerting Link Emperor™ paying customers of such change via E-Mail. Any change(s) to this Privacy Policy will take effect thirty (30) days after such changes have been posted. Your continued use of the Service following such changes will indicate your acceptance of those changes.
  * This document was last updated on June 7, 2011.



Velluto VIP, LLC regularly reviews its compliance with this policy. Questions regarding the Privacy Policy should be sent by e-mail to us using our [online contact form](https://web.archive.org/contact).
