> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the linkpayer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-02-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090211172245id_/http%3A//linkpayer.com/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

LinkPayer takes your privacy seriously, the following will clearly explain our privacy policy, addressing issues such as how your information is treated whilst you participate with our services. We suggest you read through our policy before you decide to request a free LinkPayer account, requesting a free LinkPayer account signifies your acceptance of our privacy policy along with our [ Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/web/20090211172245id_/http%3A//linkpayer.com/terms.cfm). We recommend that you periodically review this page as any amendments to our policy will be posted here, continued use of our site constitutes your agreement to any changes posted within our privacy policy. 

**What personally identifiable information do you collect?** In order for you to participate with LinkPayer you must supply personal information including your full name, the name of the payment system you wish to use and the name of the account along with a valid email address. For recovery of your account we also request you select a question, from a selection of available questions and provide an answer to the selected question. 

**Server Log Files** Our servers may at some time collect information sent from your browser/ISP, such as IP number, the version of your browser, and any other standard information which is sent along with your browsers request for data. This information will be used to help us in the continued development of our web site to allow us to avoid incompatibilities in our code with various browsers. It may also be used to generate reports to allow us to produce demographics, allow us to analyze trends and also assist us in fraud prevention. 

**What personally identifiable information is disclosed to third parties?** LinkPayer does not disclose any of your information to any 3rd parties. 

**How secure is my personally identifiable information?** LinkPayer will ensure that your information is treated in accordance with this privacy policy, however due to the nature of the Internet it is not possible to guarantee that your data transmission is totally secure. We are unable to fully guarantee the security of any data transmitted between our sites, or stored in our databases, **use of this site is at your own risk.**

**How are cookies/sessions used?** Cookies are small text files that allow us to store information on your computer so that we may pass information which we already hold in our database from data supplied by you and/or data which you have entered using our web site. We only retrieve information that was originally stored in the cookie by ourselves, these cookies can not be used to retrieve information from anywhere else on your computer. Our site may not function correctly without the use of the cookies and therefore you must accept these in order to utilize our service. 

**Your privacy vs compliance with law** LinkPayer may disclose your personally identifiable information if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, a subpoena, or other legal process. LinkPayer may also disclose information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating any policies, or to protect the safety of our users and/or the general public. In addition, LinkPayer may disclose or access personally identifiable information for: administrative purposes; in the context of a sale of the site, the assets or a portion of the assets of Aspire Communication Services, LLC, or for other purposes that we believe are necessary to develop, maintain and improve our products and services. 

**What if I have a question about your policies?** If you have any questions about any of our policies please feel to contact us using the '[contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20090211172245id_/http%3A//linkpayer.com/contact.cfm)' form. If you have already participated with any part of our site we recommend that you delete your account by Logging in and going to profile and do not continue to use our site if you disagree with part of our privacy policy, find it to be unclear or questionable to you, if you have not participated we ask that you do not until you are in full agreement with all of our policies. 
