> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the linqia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190428170730id_/https%3A//linqia.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Linqia Influencer Marketing Privacy Policy |Linqia

Linqia, Inc. (“Linqia”, “Company” or “We”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through compliance with this policy (“Privacy Policy”). Please review this Privacy Policy before accessing and using the website www.linqia.com (the “Website”) and the Linqia platform and services (the “Services”). This Privacy Policy describes how Linqia collects, uses, shares and secures your personally identifiable information on the Website and for the Services we provide to customers and users. This Privacy Policy also describes the choices available to you regarding the use of your personally identifiable information by Linqia and options available to you to access your personally identifiable information and request correction or deletion should you choose to do so.

This Privacy Policy is applicable to all site visitors, registered users, influencers, customers and all other users of the Website and Services. This Privacy Policy describes the types of information we may collect from you (“User” “Customer” “Influencer” or collectively “You”) or that You may provide when You access or use our Website and Services and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information. This Privacy Policy applies to the Website, Services and any email, text and other communications between You and Linqia. By accessing and using the Website and Services, or by otherwise providing us with personal information, You acknowledge that You understand our Privacy Policy and expressly consent to our collection, use and disclosure of Your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If You do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website or Services. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time (see How We Can Modify This Privacy Policy below). Your continued use of this Website or Services after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Privacy Policy periodically for updates.

### WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT

We collect several types of information from and about Users of our Website and Services, candidates for employment, Influencers and Customers including the following information:

**_Personal Information_**

Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact You personally, including, but not limited to, Your name, title, address, email address, location, device information, interests or phone number (“Personal Information”). Linqia may collect Personal Information from You in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when You access or use our Website or Services, register with Linqia, fill out a form, respond to a survey, correspond with Linqia, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Website or through our Services.  If You elect to link Your account with a social media site, Your User information and other content for that social media account may also be collected. It is always Your choice whether or not to provide Personal Information. If You choose not to provide requested Personal Information, You may not be able to participate in certain activities or use certain features of the Website or Services.

**_Information Submitted to Linqia by Candidates for Employment_**

As part of its recruiting activities, Linqia also receives personal information from users submitting job application materials to be considered for Linqia employment (“Recruiting Data”). This Recruiting Data includes anything that an individual chooses to include a resume or application, and typically consists of job history, education, personal interests and activities, name, email address, phone number, and residence address. Further, Linqia collects gender, race, and military status from employment candidates to assist Linqia in its equal employment opportunity compliance and related statistical tracking to help our diversity efforts. In connection with job screening activities, Linqia also requests personal information sufficient to have background checks conducted prior to hiring.  
**_  
Technical Information_**

We may also collect and use technical data and related information, such as information about Your device, system and application software, peripherals and other data related to Your interactions with the Services (“Technical Information”). We may automatically collect Technical Information through the use of passive electronic collection devices such as cookies, flash cookies, web beacons or clear pixels and log files. More detailed information regarding these passive collection devices and mechanisms may be found [here](https://linqia.com/privacypolicy-passive-data-collection/). The information we collect from these technologies may include, but is not limited to, Your browser configuration or device type and related behavior data, IP address or other numeric codes used to identify a computer or mobile device, geolocation data, operating system, internet service provider, the referring web page, the time, frequency and duration of use, and the page You request. This information may be Personal Information according to applicable law.

**_Other Social Media Sites and Influencer Information_**

Linqia collects information about You that is made available to Linqia and other third parties from sources such as Facebook, Twitter, Google, Instagram, Pinterest and others through APIs and other social media monitoring technology. This information includes names, user IDs, social media handles, gender, and other information that individuals choose to make publicly available on social media sites. Linqia also monitors the public activities of individuals on social media sites, such as posts, blogs, tweets, and profile information, including social media messages directed at our Customers (the “brands” that are interested in understanding their consumer customers in order to serve them better). The data we receive is dependent upon Your privacy settings with the social network. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust Your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to our Website or Services.

Within the Linqia Services, Linqia collects and integrates through its social media platform various information relating to the Influencers audience, aggregated performance/usage metrics and geographic data that is used to evaluate and allocate participation in media campaigns and may be provided to Customers for evaluation purposes. Applications within the Linqia platform access external APIs for purposes of collecting this information from various social media sites such as Facebook, Pinterest and Google (Google Analytics and Youtube services). Linqia stores medadata and engagement metrics relating to Influencer generated content generally and as part of Customer campaigns that is used in Customer reports and to evaluate Influencer participation in further campaigns. Linqia displays the profile of the audience that was provided by the Influencer within the Linqia Services. The audience profile shows the audience description, number of members, member gender, member location, categories and policies. These are visible to any Customer registered to the Linqia Platform.

### HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION

Linqia may use information we collect about You or that You provide to us, including any Personal Information, for the following purposes: (1) to operate, maintain and improve our Website and Services; (2) to provide You with information, products or services that You request from us; (3) to process Your registration with the Website or Services, including verifying that Your e-mail address is active and valid; (4) to communicate with You regarding information, Your account, features, products, services, or offers that we believe may be of interest to You but this is only for existing Customers, where Services are requested by the User, or Linqia has some other pre-existing business relationship with the User; (5) to respond to Your questions or other requests; (6) to provide software updates, product support, product enhancements and other services to You related to the Website or Services; (7) to process any payments or changes to Your account information; (8) to conduct user surveys; (9) to contact You regarding a sweepstakes, contest or promotion in which You have participated; (10) for internal business purposes; and (11) for any other purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy at the time You provide Your information.

Linqia may also use information about You or that You provide to us, including any Personal Information, in order to provide customized social media advertising campaigns and experiences that enable Customers to focus and optimize campaigns based on a combination of location, demographic, device, and other features. Linqia uses social media platform advertising services, such as those provided by Facebook and MediaMath, for demographic targeting and optimization campaigns for our Customers. For these Customer campaigns, we will use information that is provided from the Customer with our advertising partners. Linqia will leverage the partners data such as age, gender and interests that the partners have collected to perform these advertising campaigns. In certain cases, Customers may ask us to serve ads to Users after site visits. Linqia will collect information passively on the Customers site and will serve ads to Users based on the collected information. Customers may also provide Linqia with a data file of Users that have visited a site or segmentation of their audiences. In this case, the Customer will pass Linqia a file of their User segments and Linqia will upload this into the advertising partner’s portal for use in serving targeted ads. Personal Information collected by Linqia Customers and advertising partners are subject to their respective privacy policies. Linqia complies with all applicable data privacy laws and regulations in the collection and use of Personal Information.

Linqia partners with a third-party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you optimized advertising based upon your interests.

### HOW WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

Linqia does not rent, sell, share or otherwise disclose Your Personal Information to third parties or non-affiliated companies without Your consent, except in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including in the following circumstances:

  * Linqia may be required to disclose personally identifiable information under special circumstances, such as to comply with legal requirements or to exercise its legal rights;
  * It may be necessary to share Personal Information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities on or through the Services, including but not limited to violations of the Terms of Use or infringement of third party intellectual property rights, or as otherwise permitted or required by applicable laws;
  *  Linqia may share Personal Information with Third party vendors, consultants and other service providers that perform services on our behalf, in order to carry out their work for us, which may include hosting services, providing analytics services and marketing/advertising campaigns in order to provide targeted in-media content. These companies are authorized to use your Personal Information only as necessary to provide their services to us;
  * Linqia may share aggregated demographic information with its business partners. This is not linked to any Personal Information that can identify any individual person without the prior consent of that person; and
  * In the event that Linqia enters into a joint venture or is acquired by or merged with another business entity, we may disclose User’s Personal Information to our business partners or new owners. Linqia will provide notice via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website when your personally identifiable information becomes subject to a different privacy policy, of any change in ownership, uses of your Personal Information, and choices you may have regarding your personal identifiable information.



Additionally, Your information may be shared with other Users of the Service such as Customers and Influencers, as needed to provide the Services to You. For example, when a Customer creates or sends a message within the Platform, the Customer’s identifiable information will be visible to selected Influencers who respond to a campaign. When an Influencer receives a message from a Customer and accepts the campaign, their blog name and link, URL, first name, last name and social media accounts will be visible to Customer.

### CHOICES FOR PERSONAL INFORMATION

When You sign up for a particular service that requires registration, we will ask You to provide Personal Information. If we wish to use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for Your consent prior to such use. If we propose to use personal information for any purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy and/or in the specific service privacy notices, we will offer You an effective way to opt out of the use of personal information for those other purposes. We will not collect or use sensitive information for purposes other than those described in this Privacy Policy and/or in the supplementary service privacy notices, unless we have obtained Your prior consent.

### EDITING OR DELETING YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION / EXERCISING YOUR RIGHTS

With regard to any of User’s Personal Information provided to Linqia, User shall have the rights of access, correction, deletion and objection regarding its Personal Information. Such rights may be exercised by notice in writing sent to Linqia’s registered address (as shown at the end of this Privacy Policy) or by e-mail sent to info@linqia.com. Moreover, the User may unsubscribe to commercial communications received from Linqia by sending a request to info@linqia.com. User can edit User’s Linqia account information at any time and User can request their User account to be deleted at any time by contacting info@inqia.com; however, please note that User’s identification, billing and contact information may remain in Linqia’s records for some period after the deletion as backup and log information that will be deleted according to regular cycles. We will retain Your contact information for as long as Your account is active or as needed to provide you Services. If You wish to cancel Your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide our Services, contact us at marketing@linqia.com and request “OPT-OUT” and your request will be processed in a timely manner.

### DISCLAIMER – OTHER SITES

This Privacy Policy applies to Linqia Services only. The Website and Services may contain links to various third party websites or to content operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control, each of which has separate privacy and data collection practices. We do not exercise control over external sites from other networks and sites that include Linqia applications, products or services, or links from within our various services. These linked sites are for Your convenience and You access such third-party websites or content at Your own risk. We do not control, recommend or endorse and are not responsible for these third party sites or their content, products, services privacy polices or data collection practices. Such third party sites may send their own cookies to Your device and may independently collect data or solicit personal information from You.  We do not control the use of such cookies and in many instances have no access to the data collected by these third parties.

### HOW WE PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION

We realize that our Users and Customers trust us to protect their Personal Information. We take that task seriously and maintain reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to help protect Your personal information. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect Your Personal Information, no security system is impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of our systems 100%.

### CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13

Our Website and Services are not intended for children under 13 years of age. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.  If You believe that we may have collected information from a child under the age of 13, please contact us at info@linqia.com.

### NOTICE TO ALL CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS

Pursuant to the California Civil Code Sections 1798.83, Users who are California residents are entitled to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we disclosed their personal data (if any) for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the categories of data disclosed to those third parties. If You are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice please email us at info@linqia.com or send a written request to: Linqia, Inc., 965 Mission Street, Floor 5, San Francisco, CA, 94103.

### DO NOT TRACK

Linqia does not generally track its Customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.

### HOW CAN WE MODIFY THIS PRIVACY POLICY

You understand that Linqia is continuously developing the features and the functionality of the Services, the Website, and the related software. Consequently, we also reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time in our sole discretion. Any such alteration shall be effective upon posting on the Website and Users, Influencers and Customers will be bound to any alterations when accessing or using the Services after such alteration is posted. It is therefore important to review this Privacy Policy regularly on the Website to ensure You are aware of any alterations. The sole remedy should You not agree with the altered Privacy Policy shall be to close Your account and to cease using the Services.

### HOW TO CONTACT US

If You has any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

**Linqia, Inc.**  
965 Mission Street, Fifth Floor  
San Francisco, CA 94103  
United States

**Last modified: 12.31.2018**

Our website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best experience possible. By continuing to use this site, you agree to accept cookies. To learn more about how we use cookies, please visit our Privacy Policy. Accept [Privacy Policy](https://linqia.com/privacy-policy/)
