> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cjonline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060616204454id_/http%3A//cjonline.com/privacypolicy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

Membership and Registration 

If you become a Member of CJOnline and its related sites, you accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password, and agree not to sell, transfer or assign your Membership or any Membership rights. We reserve the right to terminate your Membership at any time for any reason. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and for restricting access to your computer so others outside your household may not access CJOnline and its related sites using your name in whole or in part without our permission. If you believe someone has accessed CJOnline and its related sites using your member name and password without your authorization, e-mail us immediately at [webmaster@cjonline.com](mailto:webmaster@cjonline.com) and its related sites. 

Some areas within our network of sites may require a credit card payment before access is granted. If you sign up for these services, you agree to pay all subscription fees and any other charges incurred in connection with your member name and password (including any applicable taxes) at the rates in effect when the charges were incurred. We may bill charges automatically to your credit card. All fees will be billed at the beginning of your subscription or any renewal (or as soon thereafter as fees or charges are incurred) and are nonrefundable. You are responsible for all fees and charges incurred to access CJOnline and its related sites through an Internet access provider or other third party service. Your subscription will renew automatically, unless we terminate it or you notify us by e-mail of your decision to terminate your subscription. You must cancel your subscription before it renews in order to avoid billing of fees for the renewal term to your credit card. 

**Miscellaneous**  
CJOnline and its related sites reserve the right to change these Terms of Service at any time in their discretion and to notify users of any such changes solely by changing this Terms of Service. Your continued use of CJOnline and its related sites after the posting of any amended Terms of Service shall constitute your agreement to be bound by any such changes. Your use of this site prior to the time this Terms of Service was posted will be governed according to the Terms of Service that applied at the time of your use. 

CJOnline and its related sites may modify, suspend, discontinue or restrict the use of any portion of CJOnline and its related sites, including the availability of any portion of the Content at any time, without notice or liability. CJOnline and its related sites may deny access to any person or user at any time for any reason. In addition, Morris Communications or CJOnline and its related sites may at any time transfer rights and obligations under this Agreement to any Morris subsidiary or business unit, or any of their affiliated companies or divisions, or any entity that acquires Morris, CJOnline and its related sites or any of their assets. 

These Terms of Service will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas, without regard to its conflicts of law provisions. You hereby agree that any cause of action you may have with respect to CJOnline and its related sites must be filed in a federal or state court located in Topeka, Kansas, within two months of the time in which the events giving rise to such claim began, or you agree to waive such claim. You agree no such claim may be brought as a class action. If for any reason any provision of this Agreement is found unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible so as to affect the intent of the parties as reflected in that provision and the remainder of the Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. Any failure of CJOnline and its related sites to enforce or exercise any provision of this Agreement or related right shall not constitute a waiver of that right or provision. The section titles used in this Agreement are purely for convenience and carry with them no legal or contractual effect. In the event of termination of this Agreement for any reason, you agree the following provisions will survive: the provisions regarding limitations on your use of Content, the license(s) you have granted to CJOnline and its related sites, and all other provisions for which survival is equitable or appropriate. 

In the case of a conflict between these terms and the terms of any electronic or machine readable statement or policy (for example, a P3P electronic privacy policy), these Terms of Service shall control. Similarly, in case of a conflict between these terms and our Privacy Policy stated below, these Terms of Service control. 

CJOnline and The Topeka Capital-Journal are committed to protecting consumer privacy online. We believe that greater protection of personal privacy on the Web will not only protect consumers, but also increase consumer confidence and ultimately their participation in online activities. At CJOnline, we intend to give you as much control as possible over your personal information.

The purpose of our policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather about you when you visit CJOnline's network of Web sites, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, the information.  
Our sites often times contain links to other Web sites, including Web sites directed to children. We have no control over the privacy practices or the content of any of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors or other sites to which we provide links from our sites. You should check the applicable privacy policy of the Web site sponsor when linking to other Web sites.

**Privacy Policy**  
CJOnline and its related sites strive to offer their visitors the many advantages of Internet technology and to provide an interactive and personalized experience. We may use Personally Identifiable Information (your name, e-mail address, street address, telephone number and other information) subject to the terms of this privacy policy. Please note this policy applies only to information collected by CJOnline and its related sites online and does not impact information collected or used by CJOnline and its related sites or its affiliates through other means. 

**How we gather information from users**  
How we collect and store information depends on the page you are visiting, the activities in which you elect to participate and the services provided. You can visit many pages on our site without providing any information. Other pages may prompt you to provide information, such as when you register for access to portions of our site, sign up for membership, request certain features (e.g., newsletters, news updates and other products), sign up for a newspaper subscription or make a purchase. You may also provide information when you participate in sweepstakes and contests, voting and polling activities, message boards and chat rooms and other interactive areas of our site. 

Like most Web sites, CJOnline and its related sites also collects information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors. For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service Provider or use "cookie" technology. Among other things, the cookie may store your user name and password, sparing you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit, or may control the number of times you encounter a particular advertisement while visiting our site. As we adopt additional technology, we may also gather information through other means. In certain cases, you can choose not to provide us with information, for example by setting your browser to refuse to accept cookies, but doing so may limit your ability to access certain portions of the site or may require you to re-enter your user name and password. Additionally we may not be able to customize the site's features according to your preferences. 

**What we do with the information we collect**  
We will use your information only as permitted by law. Aggregated Information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. As one example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive. Aggregated Information may occasionally be shared with our advertisers and business partners, but cannot be used to contact you individually. 

We also collect information to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content and advertising. For example, we may use Personally Identifiable Information collected on CJOnline and its related sites to communicate with you regarding our Terms of Service and privacy policy, products and services offered by CJOnline and its related sites and other Morris affiliates and partners, administration of sweepstakes and contests, processing e-commerce transactions and other topics we think you might find of interest. We reserve the right to share this information with other Morris business units and affiliates, including for example our affiliated newspapers and entities in which Morris has an ownership interest (collectively, "Affiliates"). This policy does not apply to any Affiliate's use of such information. 

Personally Identifiable Information collected by CJOnline and its related sites may also be used for other purposes including but not limited to site administration and troubleshooting. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web hosting service and our newsletter provider, for example) may access such information. 

As we continue to develop our business, we may sell, buy, merge or partner with other companies or businesses. In such transactions, user information may be among the transferred assets. We may also disclose your information in response to a court order, at other times when we believe we are reasonably required to do so by law, in connection with the collection of amounts you may owe to us, and/or whenever we deem it appropriate or necessary to give such information to law enforcement authorities. Please note we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases. 

**Affiliated sites, linked sites and advertisements**  
CJOnline and its related sites expect their partners, advertisers and third-party affiliates to respect the privacy of our users. However, third parties, including our partners, advertisers, affiliates and other content providers accessible through our site, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to our site you may link to, or view as part of a frame on a CJOnline and its related sites page, certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. Also, through CJOnline and its related sites you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information, Web sites, advertisements, features, contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties. CJOnline and its related sites are not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing information on a feature or page operated by a third party. 

While on our site, our advertisers, promotional partners or other third parties may use cookies or other technology to attempt to identify some of your preferences or retrieve information about you. For example, some of our advertising is served by third parties and may include cookies that enable the advertiser to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before. Through features available on our site, third parties may use cookies or other technology to gather information. CJOnline and its related sites does not control the use of this technology or the resulting information and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. 

Please be careful and responsible whenever you are online. Should you choose to voluntarily disclose Personally Identifiable Information on our site, such as in message boards, chat areas or in advertising or notices you post, that information can be viewed publicly and can be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited messages from other individuals or third parties. Such activities are beyond the control of CJOnline and its related sites and this policy. 

**Children**  
CJOnline and its related sites does not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from or about children under the age of 13 except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under the age of 13 in violation of this policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe CJOnline and its related sites has any information from or about anyone under the age of 13, please contact us at webmaster@cjonline.com and its related sites. 

**Use of Materials**  
The right to download and store or output the materials in our site(s) is granted for the user's personal use only, and materials may not be reproduced in any edited form. Any other reproduction, transmission, performance, display or editing of these materials by any means mechanical or electronic without the express written permission of us is strictly prohibited. Users wishing to obtain permission to reprint or reproduce any materials appearing on these sites may contact us at [webmaster@cjonline.com](mailto:webmaster@cjonline.com).  

