> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the getfree-articles.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-03-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110305113541id_/http%3A//getfree-articles.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Get Free-Articles

Get Free-Articles attempts to suggest its visitors to gain an interactive and modified experience about various utilities of Internet Technology. We can use the information regarding the identity of an individual such as your name, mobile number, and email address, etc according to terms and conditions of the privacy policy. We assure that we would never put up for sell, trade or lease your email to any illegal third party.

**Ways to get information from our users**  
The collection of information depends upon the page which you are visiting, the number of events or activities in the site you are participating and the various kinds of service provided. You might be enquired when you want to access a certain region of the site. You might have to give information in case you participate in contests, chat rooms, quotes and other significant regions of the site. Like every other Web site, Get Free-Articles.com also gathers information mechanically and with the help of electronic tools that is clear to the visitors of the site. For instance, we might take the logging information or use cookies to identify you and grasp the information. Again, the cookies store the username and password information avoiding re-entering the following information for each time the user visits the site. But in some cases, the user can decide not to give us information by setting the browser in such a way that it decline to admit cookies from the site according to your needs. In that case, the users have to provide username or password information whenever the site asks for it. 

**How we implement the information which we accumulate**  
Similar to many other Websites, we assemble information to increase the visit of the users and hence we can convey extra personalized content and various types of advertisements. We know the importance of your privacy and hence do not share the information with others.  
Combined Information (information which doesn’t recognize you) can be used in several ways. Such as, we can merge information with similar kind of information acquired from other members of the site to increase the quality of the site (like, get the detail information of the page which is visited mostly or which is more attractive to the user). Combined Information can also be shared with the business partners of the website. Again, this information does not permit other to recognize your identity.  
With the help of this information that is collected on www.getfree-articles.com , we can remain connected with you about the matters regarding registration and new facilities; Services, terms and conditions, products proposed by www.getfree-articles.com and various topics about your interest.

**Associated sites, Related sites and Announcements**  
www.getfree-articles.com hopes that its business partners and advertisers would admire the confidentiality of the users. Beware of the fact that the third party which includes our advertisers, associates and providers available through the site, has their personal solitude and practices. www.getfree-articles.com helps you to access the information, features or contests presented by the third party. www.getfree-articles.com is not accountable for such policies provided by the other parties.  
**Modification or changes in the policy**  
www.getfree-articles.com assets the power to modify or change the policy at any moment. So check the site at regular interval to encounter any type of changes. If you use the site even after the changes will signify that you have readily acknowledge those changes. 
