> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the getfresh.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130529193620id_/http%3A//getfresh.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# fresh

Date of Last Revision: November 14, 2012

Get Fresh, Inc. (“Get Fresh, Inc.”, “Get Fresh”, “fresh”, "our", "us" or "we") provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of www.getfresh.com (this "Site") and our corresponding applications for mobile devices (the "Applications"). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through the Site and Applications. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. Unless otherwise deﬁned in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms of Service, accessible at http://www.getfresh.com/terms.

As used in this policy, the terms "using" and "processing" information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our aﬃliates within the United States or internationally.

### Personally Identiﬁable Information

When you register with us through the Site or Applications to become a Member of fresh, we may ask you for personally identiﬁable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, username, phone number, credit card and other billing information, email address, shipping address, and your friends’ email addresses (which we will only use in order to invite them to use the Service). We may also collect information you supply to us regarding your personal preferences and interests. You can choose not to provide us with any or all of the information we specify or request, but then you may not be able to register with us or to take advantage of some or all of our features. You can register to join Fresh via the Site or Applications or by logging into your account with certain third party social networking sites ("SNS") (including Facebook and Twitter) via our Site. If you decide to create your Account by logging into a SNS via the Site, we may extract the Personal Information you have provided to the SNS (such as your "real" name, email address and other information you make publicly available via the SNS) from the account you have with such SNS and use that information to create your Account; the information we extract may depend on the privacy settings you have with the SNS.

We use your Personal Information mainly to provide the Service and administer your inquiries. We will create your Account for your use of the Site and Applications based upon the Personal Information you provide and you will become a Member of Fresh.

We also collect the other information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your proﬁle webpage on Fresh (e.g., without limitation, age and individual preferences) ("Non-Identifying Information").

We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your NonIdentifying Information) mainly to provide the Service, complete your transactions, and administer your inquiries.

Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identiﬁers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identiﬁed. But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences). We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other Fresh Users (deﬁned below) to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyze and understand how our Site, Applications and Service are used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you speciﬁcally, for instance to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions.

We also use your Personal Information to contact you with Fresh newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your "preferences" information. (See "Changing or Deleting Information," below.)

Log Data. When you visit the Site or Applications, whether as a Member or a nonregistered user just browsing (any of these, a "Fresh User"), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as the browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site and Application, pages of our Site and Application that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site and Application, access times and dates, and other statistics. We may use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site, Applications and the Service and for the Site and Applications’ technical administration, to increase our Site and Applications’ functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor our Site and Applications to our visitors’ needs. For example, some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Site and Application again, it may recognize you and serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Site and Application meet the criteria required to process their requests. We do not treat Log Data as Personal Information or use it in association with other Personal Information, though we may aggregate, analyze and evaluate such information for the same purposes as stated above regarding other NonIdentifying Information.

### Cookies

Like many websites, our Site and Applications use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data ﬁle that we transfer to your computer or mobile device’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your login information for future logins to the Site and Applications. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site and Applications, to better understand how you interact with the Site and Applications and to monitor aggregate usage by Fresh Users and web traﬃc routing on the Site and Applications. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log oﬀ from the Site, Applications and Service and then close your browser. Third party advertisers on the Site and Applications may also place or read cookies on your browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site and Applications or all functionality of the Service.

### Information Sharing and Disclosure

Fresh Users. When you register through the Site and Applications and submit Personal Information to create a proﬁle or visual collection, Fresh Users may see your name. If you choose to provide additional Personal Information in your proﬁle, Fresh Users may see such additional Personal Information, including, but not limited to, your photo, location, website and biography. Providing additional Personal Information is voluntary and should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with Fresh Users. We recommend that you guard your sensitive information.

Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information. We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic proﬁling and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information.

Service Providers. We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Site and Applicationrelated services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Site and Application’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site, Applications and Service are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Social Networking Sites. We may share the information in your account (including your Personal Information) with the SNSs that you have linked to your account. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only for this purpose (unless the SNS has received your Personal Information independently of the Service) and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Facebook Connect. We allow users to automatically post recent activity back to Facebook, and give them the option to disable Facebook Connect at any time by logging into their proﬁle and selecting the option to disable Facebook Connect. Further, you may be able to edit your privacy settings for the content that you post which appears on Facebook by making selections in your “Edit Proﬁle” settings via the Site and Applications.

Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement. Get Fresh, Inc. may cooperate with government and law enforcement oﬃcials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement oﬃcials or private parties as we believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including, but not limited to, subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Get Fresh, Inc. or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.

Business Transfers. Get Fresh, Inc. may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.

### Changing or Deleting Your Information

All Members may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in their Account by contacting us or by editing such proﬁle via the Site and Applications. If you completely delete all such information, then your Account may become deactivated. We will use commercially reasonable eﬀorts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.

### Security

We may make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, conﬁdentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored "personal data" (as deﬁned in applicable state statutes on security breach notiﬁcation) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site or via the Application in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

### International Transfer

Your information may be transferred to and stored on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Get Fresh, Inc. transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

### Links to Other Sites

Our Site and Applications may contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by "clicking on" a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our aﬃliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other ﬁles on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow diﬀerent rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.

### Our Policy Toward Children

This Site and Applications are not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identiﬁable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at [info@getfresh.com](mailto:info@getfresh.com). If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our ﬁles.

### Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [info@getfresh.com](mailto:info@getfresh.com).
