> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gethatch.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160608110312id_/http%3A//gethatch.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy | Hatch

## Introduction

Hatch provides services and technology to companies with the goal to list the appropriate online merchants in relation to a specific product or service. This enables web based commerce solutions to make it easy for online shoppers to find and buy products whether they originate from retailer websites, manufacturer websites, destination shopping sites, or mobile shopping applications. Hatch accepts and processes data from many sources, including information from retailers, manufacturers and other market sources. Hatch may collect your information because of your use of our web site or, if you have linked here from another web site, as a service to the entity that controls such other web site, or as a service to a Hatch client whose web site you use. This Hatch Privacy Policy will apply to the collection of your personal information. If you visit or use a service of Hatch you accept these Privacy Policy provisions. Please read them carefully.

## Privacy

Use of the Hatch web site and services, whether through our web site or a Hatch client site, may require personal user information to be stored on our servers. If you submit your e-mail address or send an e-mail when using our services, we will collect your e-mail address. Hatch may provide your e-mail address to the Hatch client who uses the Hatch service, but Hatch does not resell any information that is collected to outside parties. Hatch clients, manufacturers, and retailers each have their own privacy policies. We encourage you to read these policies before doing business with a site. Hatch makes every effort to ensure the security of your information while the information is stored with Hatch. We believe that all of our partner companies are just as concerned with security of information, however, it is your responsibility to ascertain the security and privacy policies of each company since Hatch cannot speak for those companies on privacy and security issues. If you would like to know more or have a question, please e-mail info@get-hatch.com. Hatch reserves the right to alter the Privacy Policy as necessary and/or required. Any alterations to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our Web site in a timely manner.

## What information does Hatch collect?

Hatch wants to make it easy for consumers to shop online and to find the products they are looking for. This requires the collection of information to tell you if products are available in your local area. Hatch collects two kinds of information: anonymous and personally identifiable. Anonymous information is not associated with specific individuals. For instance, Hatch may know how many unique browsers view this Privacy Policy today, but we don't know the names or addresses of the individuals at that browser. Personally identifiable information reveals who you are and/or how you can be contacted. It includes your zip code and email address. Personally identifiable information is stored temporarily by Hatch as it is transferred from a shopping engine to the seller. The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your experience with Hatch. Here are the types of information we gather. Information You Provide: We may receive and store information you provide while using our services, including services we provide to Hatch clients, or in any other way. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, improving our contacts, and communicating with you. Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many web sites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses Hatch. E-mail Communications: We may receive your e-mail address if you provide one to us or a Hatch client when using our services. Information from Other Sources: We also might receive information about you from other sources and add it to our information, however, Hatch does not resell this information. A Unique Machine ID: We may receive information that ties the machine that the user is on to ANY activity that is done on that machine that uses a CI service.

## What are cookies, and how does Hatch use them?

Hatch collects anonymous information through “cookies.” A cookie is a small piece of data containing a unique identification number that is sent to your browser from a web server, and is stored on your computer's hard drive. The unique ID number identifies your browser to Hatch's computers whenever you use a Hatch service. Cookies do not enable anyone to access personally identifiable information that you have not already given them. Hatch primarily uses cookies to identify selling opportunities. A selling opportunity represents a unique customer, product, and date combination. When a customer opens a Channel Buy Link page, we expect him to click through to several of the listed retailers. However, we also recognize that the customer typically isn't going to buy from each of these retailers. The selling opportunity information helps manufacturers who purchase Hatch's services to better understand how their products are selling. Cookies are part of the technology implemented by your browser. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to either notify you when you have received a cookie, or to refuse them all together. Hatch uses both static and temporary cookies. Static cookies stay with your browser, whereas temporary cookies go away after you close your browser. Hatch uses static cookies in order to recognize you between visits. Hatch uses temporary cookies to store information about your current visit to the site. That information goes away when you close your browser or shut down your computer. If you choose to not accept cookies, you cannot participate as a registered, signed-in member. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Website of its manufacturer. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of Hatch's most important features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on. We sometimes employ a software technology called to help us track sales through to the purchase similar in function to cookies. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our services. The clear gifs are not used in conjunction with other information that is stored by Hatch.

## What information does Hatch log?

When you surf the Internet, your browser automatically transmits information to the web sites you visit, including Hatch. Such information includes referral data (URL of the web page you were on before coming to Hatch), IP address and your browser version. Hatch collects this information to help improve services. All the information that is automatically submitted by your browser is considered anonymous.

## What is Hatch's information retention policy?

To preserve the integrity of our databases, standard procedure calls for us to retain information for an indefinite length of time. We nullify personally identifiable information upon (1) written customer requests, and (2) in order to be in compliance with applicable laws. If you wish to make such a request, which requires that we verify your identity, or if you have any questions regarding this policy, contact Hatch's policy manager at info@gethatch.com.

## With whom does Hatch share information?

When you submit information to Hatch, it is generally collected, processed and maintained solely by us. Sometimes we may allow partner companies to collect information about customers from us or directly from you via their web site. When Hatch is the source, it is usually so that we can provide a service for a partner. We work with upstanding companies that will treat your information responsibly. But, since we don't own these companies, we can't speak for them on privacy issues. Hatch shares customer information only as described below and with partners who follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Policy. Agency businesses we do not control: We work closely with Hatch clients and agency businesses that we do not control. You can tell when a third party is involved in your transactions, and we share customer information related to those transactions with that third party. Third-Party Service Providers: We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include analyzing data and providing marketing assistance. Such third party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy certain products or business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy. Also, in the event that Hatch or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will be one of the transferred assets. Protection of Hatch and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Service and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Hatch, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from customers for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy. With Your Consent: Other than as set out in this Privacy Policy, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.

## Security

Hatch stores your personal information securely. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, Hatch uses physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information it collects. However, you should consider any communication that you transmit over the internet as non-confidential, and you agree that Hatch will not be liable or responsible if information that belongs to you is intercepted and used by an unintended recipient.

## Links to Third Party Web Sites and Services

Hatch sites and services link to third party web sites and services. We do not provide any personally identifiable information to these advertisers or third-party websites other than as provided in this Privacy Policy. The linked web sites and services are not under the control of Hatch and Hatch is not responsible for the contents, services, or availability of any linked web site or service or any further link contained in a linked third party web site or service. Hatch provides these links as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply that Hatch is specifically authorized to provide such link, nor is it an endorsement by Hatch of any third party, their web site, service or their products or services. These third party websites and advertisers, or Internet advertising companies working on their behalf, sometimes use technology to send (or “serve”) the advertisements that appear on our website directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other features that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices.

## What Choices Do You Have?

The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Website of its manufacturer. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of some of Hatch's useful features, and we recommend that you leave them turned on. You can always choose not to take advantage of certain Hatch services. There are products that offer anonymous browsing. In addition, the Federal Trade Commission provides useful information about online privacy on its own Web site.

## Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions

If you use Hatch services, your use and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of the Netherlands. If you have any concern about privacy at Hatch, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service will change also. You should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you. We will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
