> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the getitfree.us privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111223112821id_/http%3A//www.getitfree.us/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Get it Free

### GETITFREE.US PRIVACY POLICY — IMPORTANT — PLEASE READ

This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. We will notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new policy on this website. Review our Privacy Policy regularly so that you can stay informed of our practices, as they may change in the future.

Please note that you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy when you opt-in to this sites Terms and Conditions, when you visit our site, and/or send us information. Your assent to these practices is essential for us to continue operating this website, including the services it provides. Similarly, we need you to provide accurate personal information so that you can be contacted and receive the information you request. You can opt-out and decide not to provide the requested personal information. However, by doing so, you will not receive the information and/or service you are requesting. You can also opt-out after you have sent us your personal information by clicking here to [Unsubscribe](https://web.archive.org/web/20111223112821id_/http%3A//www.getitfree.us/unsubscribe.php).

The personal information we collect includes your name, mobile phone number, zip code, e-mail address, postal address, date of birth and gender. Other personal information that you submit is clearly labeled at the time you submit it. We use the information that we collect to provide our services, contact you regarding new promotions, and to improve our site. We also use this information—directly, indirectly, and in combination with data we exchange with other parties—to introduce you to informational, service, and/or product offerings of getitfree.us. and/or its subsidiaries, affiliated companies, partners, select unaffiliated companies, assigns, and/or brands that are owned by, licensed by, and/or partnering with getitfree.us (collectively, “Our Companies”). We do this by transferring, licensing, and/or sharing your personal information with Our Companies and hope you will be interested in the marketing materials and/or promotions with which you are presented. Our Companies also transfer, and/or share your personal information with unaffiliated list brokers, affiliate marketers, and/or companies that want to advertise other products and/or services. Once a third-party obtains your personal information, its subsequent use is controlled by the business practices of the third party, which is beyond our control. 

Please note that Our Companies will use the telephone number you submit to contact you by voice and/or text message. By providing your telephone number, you expressly consent to receiving telephone calls and text messages from Our Companies, regardless of whether you have registered the number on the FTC’s “Do Not Call” Registry. Expect to receive several calls and/or text messages that follow-up on your initial request. Similarly, by providing your telephone number, you expressly consent to receiving calls from any entity to which we transfer your personal information.

This website, websites linking to this website, and websites linked from this website (collectively "We") may make available a service either directly or through third parties by which you can receive messages on your wireless device via short message service ("SMS Service"). Your provider's standard data and messaging rates apply to all SMS correspondence. All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. You represent that you are 18 years of age and the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges. Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS Service may include your name, address, cell phone number, your provider's name, and the date, time, and content of your messages. The use of this information will be in accordance with this Mobile Policy. If fees are charged to your wireless account invoice, we may provide your carrier with your applicable information in connection therewith. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies. You acknowledge and agree that the SMS Service is provided via wireless systems which use radios (and other means) to transmit communications over complex networks. We will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages, as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator. SMS message services are provided on an AS IS basis. We do not guarantee that your use of the SMS Service will be private or secure, and we are not liable to you for any lack of privacy or security you may experience. You are fully responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the SMS Service. You may opt out of the SMS Service at any time by replying "STOP", "END", or "QUIT" to the SMS text message you have received. This process impacts only the future delivery of the particular SMS message offering, so you must send that message for each offering. 

When submitting any information on our website you expressly authorize [Our Companies](http://getitfree.us/offers.php) to use your personal information as explained in this privacy policy, and you consent to receiving commercial email from Our Companies. You can expect to receive offers regarding specific products and/or services, newsletters, sweepstakes announcements, promotions, and other similar offers. Should you wish to discontinue receiving these e-mailings simply unsubscribe using the link in the email you receive.

SPECIAL OFFER SERVICE SUBSCRIPTION AND EXPRESS CONSENT TO RECEIVE MESSAGES  
By accepting of the terms and conditions of this website (and any associated offers, contests, giveaways or other programs), and providing your telephone number, you are subscribing to a free Special Offer Service ("SOS"). SOS subscribers receive recorded telephone messages regarding various special product offers and purchase incentives, and are automatically entered into the SOS Dial-4-Dollars Sweepstakes whenever they receive such calls. Subscribers are also eligible to receive additional awards and benefits. The service is free of charge. For more information regarding the SOS and its associated sweepstakes and/or contests, including applicable rules, please visit www.specialofferservice.com.  
Recorded Calls: By subscribing, you are providing your express written consent to be contacted by Worldwide Commerce Associates ("WCA") via prerecorded telephone message at the number you provide for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR §310 et seq.), and the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (15 USC §96), as amended from time to time. The calls you are agreeing to receive include special offers for goods and services offered by third parties through the SOS, which are not sold by or through WCA. You are subscribing to receive calls only from WCA, and only at the specific number(s) you have provided to us. Your consent will be effective if the number you have provided is a home, business, or cell phone line, or if the number is registered on any state or federal Do-Not-Call (DNC) list as of the date of this consent. WCA reserves the right to refrain from calling any number registered on a DNC list in connection with its sweepstakes and any other promotion. This consent shall remain in effect until you revoke it by cancelling your subscription.

E-Mail and Text Messages: WCA does NOT send e-mail or text messages to SOS subscribers.

To unsubscribe: You may cancel your SOS subscription and revoke your consent to receive calls at any time by either (a) utilizing the opt-out procedure included in any message you receive; (b) by sending an e-mail that includes your telephone number to optout@specialofferservice.com; (c) by calling 800-269-0281; or (d) by sending a written request to Worldwide Commerce Associates, 3651 Lindell Road, Suite D, Las Vegas Nevada 89103.

We may take a reasonable period of time (up to seven days) to process cancellation requests. If you request the cancellation or modification of your subscription, such information may be retained for a period of time in our backup systems as a precaution against system failures. Some information may be retained for longer periods as required by law, contract or auditing requirements

We automatically collect certain information from visitors to, the site, such as Internet addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring and exit page, operating system, timestamps, and clickstream data. We also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems, and to administer our site so that we can constantly improve it.

We may also collect any information you send us or post on our site into a file specific to you. We use this information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and enforce our customer agreements.

We take measures to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of your information by carefully limiting access to the database in which your personal information is stored. We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of wrongful conduct. 

This website is directed at teenagers and adults and not to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, nor do we knowingly distribute such information. We do not knowingly allow children under the age of 13 to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information through our website. Similarly, because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, we do not condition the participation of a child under 13 in activities on providing personally identifiable information. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from someone under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. 

Contact us at the address below if you want us to change or delete any information that we have about you. We will respond to your request to access, update, or delete your information within ten (10) business days. Before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies, or delete any information, however, we may ask you to verify your identity.

To reach the owner of this website, contact getitfree.us  
PO BOX 1283  
Riverton, Utah 84065

[support@getitfree.us](mailto:support@getitfree.us)

This privacy policy is effective as of May 15th, 2010.

Copyright © 2010 getitfree.us All rights reserved  

