> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the getjobber.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-03-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170315023822id_/https%3A//getjobber.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Jobber Privacy Policy

Page 1Group 10Page 1Marketing IconFree Jobber IconIconSupport IconIconIconIconBonus IconGroupIconDirectory IconIconPage 1Discount IconPage 1Page 1Page 1

Octopusapp, Inc. d/b/a Jobber (“ **Jobber** ”/“ **we** ”/” **us** ”/“ **our** ”) owns and operates the website located at <https://getjobber.com/> (“ **Website** ”) and the Jobber mobile application (the “ **App** ”). Jobber is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, store, use and distribute information about our users through the Website, App and Service (as defined in our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-service/)). Our Service is provided to business customers who have registered for an account with us (“Account Owners”) and any information collected via the Website, App and Service from or about Account Owners’ employees and contractors will be made available to the applicable Account Owner and will be used by such Account Owner according to their privacy policy.

Consent: By using the Website, App or our Service you consent to the use of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, your Personal Information will not be used for any other purpose without your consent. We will not actively collect Personal Information for the purpose of sale or marketing in a way that specifically identifies the individual. In other words, we don’t sell customer lists. You may withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Information at any time. However, withdrawing consent may result in your inability to continue using the Website, App and/or the Services.

Collection of Information: We aim to collect, use and disclose only such information as is required to enable us to manage your account, to provide the Service, to maintain our customer/visitor lists, to respond to your inquiries or provide feedback, for identification and authentication purposes and for service improvement. We will maintain the confidentiality of any contact information you provide to us on signing up for our Service or contacting us with questions or for further information and we will use it only for the purposes for which we have collected it (subject to the exclusions and disclosures we have listed below), unless you agree that we may disclose it to other third parties.

Two types of information may be collected through the Website, App and our Service: Personal Information and Non-Personal Information. This Privacy Policy does not extend to the collection, use or disclosure of the following information which is currently not limited by applicable privacy laws: (a) information that is publicly available, such as names, addresses, telephone numbers and electronic address when listed in a directory or made available through directory assistance; or (b) Non-Personal Information (as defined further below).

“Personal Information” is personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, e-mail address, credit card information, birth date and gender. At the time of collection, we will clearly identify the information being collected and the purposes for which it will be used. It is always your choice whether or not to provide Personal Information but if you choose not to provide certain requested Personal Information, in some instances you may not be able to register to use the Website, App or Service or be able to access and them at all. In other instances, your choice not to provide certain other Personal Information may mean that you will not be able to use certain features of the Website, App or Services. We may collect Personal Information in respect of the Website, App or Services through registration processes; communications with you; information downloads; service use; purchases; user support; and surveys.

“Non-Personal Information” is information of an anonymous nature, such as the domain used to access the Website, App or Services, and the type and version of browser or operating system being used by visitors to access the Website, App or Service. Aggregate information, such as demographic statistics of our users (e.g. average age or geographical location of our users), number of visitors, what pages users access or visit, and average time spent on the Website, App or Service is not considered Personal Information. Similarly, business contact information such as the name, title, business address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a business or professional person or an employee of an organization is not considered Personal Information.

Although the use of certain Non-Personal Information collected, used or disclosed through the Internet as described herein is not restricted (and to the extent that such is the case, the obligations under this Privacy

Policy do not apply to such information), we provide information in this Privacy Policy about the collection of such information for the sake of transparency with respect to the operation of the Website, App and Service. Such Non-Personal Information is collected or derived by us in the course of operating this Website, App and our Services. For example, our servers may automatically collect Non-Personal Information that is provided through your browser or stored in a cookie.

## Collection and Use of Information

We collect information for the following purposes:

**Registration Data**. When you register to use the Service, we ask for information such as your full legal name, company name (if applicable), email address, billing address and credit card information. This information will be used to administer your account, for billing, verification and authentication purposes and to contact you in relation to the same.

**Content You Make Available**. You have the ability to take/upload photos, notes and other content to the Website and/or App such as a photo and description of a job that you have completed. The content that you make available will be accessible to the Account Owner.

**Location Data**. Once you download the App, the App will request access to your device location. If you grant the App access to your device location, we will be able to track the physical location of your device using GPS and WiFi signals. We use this information to provide the Service. You can remove the App’s access to your device location at any time by changing your privacy settings on your device, and you may also permit the App to only track your location at specific times by changing your privacy settings within the App. Location data will be available to the Account Owner.

**Time Tracking**. You may use the time tracking functionality in the App to track how long it takes you to complete a work task. Such information will be made available to the Account Owner.

**Metadata** : We collect and use various metadata derived from your use of the Service. For example, if you take a photo using the App, we also collect the time that such photo was taken. Such metadata will also be made available to the Account Owner.

**Transactional Notifications** : We provide notifications for certain activities relating to your use of our Service despite your indicated e-mail preferences, for example we may send you notices of any updates to our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-service/) or Privacy Policy.

**Marketing Communications** : If you opt-in to receive marketing communications from us, we will keep you up to date on our products and services. You may withdraw your consent to receiving marketing communications from us at any time by following the opt-out instructions in each communication.

**Statistics** : We also collect statistics about use of the Service which we use for analytics including predictive analytics. Aggregate statistics that do not personally identify an individual will be kept by us and such aggregate statistics may be made available to other members or third parties.

**System Logs & Cookies**: Cookies are used by us to track content usage and traffic on the Website and App. A cookie is a feature of your web browser that consists of a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web server. Cookies help us compile aggregate statistics about usage of this Website and App, such as how many users visit the Website, how long users spend viewing the Website, and what pages are viewed most often. This information is used to improve the content of the Website and App. You can set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie. This gives you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. If you disable cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of the Website, App or Services.

Your IP address is reported by your web browser whenever you visit a page on the Website. This information is recorded together with your registration information on our databases.

**Third-Party Links** : The Website and App may contain links to other third-party websites that are not owned or controlled by us. Such third-party websites are governed by the terms and conditions and privacy policies of such third-party providers and we are not involved in any interaction or transaction between you and such third-parties.

**Third Party Partner Integrations: Optional third party add-ons may be offered by our integration partners from time to time. Data shared with third party integration partners is subject to the privacy policies and terms of service of such third parties.**

**Jobber Payments**. If you register for the Jobber Payments service, we may collect additional information from you, including certain account information. We will also collect certain payment and other personal information from your customers, and it is your responsibility to ensure you have a privacy policy in place that permits Jobber to collect such information. Because our payment service is provided by a third party service provider, Stripe, you will also be required to agree to the terms of the Stripe Privacy Policy. Any personal information that you provide to Stripe about you or your customers will be treated in accordance with the terms of the Stripe privacy policy.

Jobber uses Plaid Technologies, Inc. (“Plaid”) to gather End User’s data from financial institutions for the purpose of processing payments. By using our service, you grant Jobber and Plaid the right, power, and authority to act on your behalf to access and transmit your personal and financial information from the relevant financial institution. You agree to your personal and financial information being transferred, stored, and processed by Plaid in accordance with the [Plaid Privacy Policy](https://plaid.com/legal/#privacy-policy).

If we plan to use your Personal Information in future for any other purposes not identified above, we will only do so after informing you by updating this Privacy Policy. See further the section of this Privacy Policy entitled ‘ _Amendment of this Policy’._

**Disclosures & Transfers: **We have put in place contractual and other organizational safeguards with our agents (see further below) to ensure a proper level of protection of your Personal Information (see further _Security_ below). In addition to those measures, we will not disclose or transfer your Personal Information to third parties without your permission, except as specified in this Privacy Policy (see further _Important Exceptions_ below).

As at the date of this Privacy Policy, we share Personal Information about you in respect of the Website, App or Service only with our service providers and partners which include website hosting, cloud service providers, analytics providers, email marketing providers and payment processors. Our service providers may host data worldwide and accordingly your Personal Information may be available to governments worldwide under a lawful order, irrespective of the safeguards we have put in place for the protection of your Personal Information.

From time to time we may employ third parties to help us improve the Website, App and/or the Service. These third parties may have limited access to databases of user information solely for the purpose of helping us to improve the Website, App and/or the Service and they will be subject to contractual restrictions prohibiting them from using the information about our members for any other purpose.

_Important Exceptions:_ We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties without your consent if we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Website or App members, other users of the Service, or anyone else (including the rights or property of anyone else) that could be harmed by such activities. We may disclose Personal Information when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is required by and in accordance with the law.

We may also disclose your Personal Information in connection with a corporate re-organization, a merger or amalgamation with another entity, a sale of all or a substantial portion of our assets or stock, including any due diligence exercise carried out in relation to the same, provided that the information disclosed continues to be used for the purposes permitted by this Privacy Policy by the entity acquiring the information.

Security: The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We use commercially reasonable efforts to store and maintain your Personal Information in a secure environment. We take technical, contractual, administrative, and physical security steps designed to protect Personal Information that you provide to us. We have implemented procedures designed to limit the dissemination of your Personal Information to only such designated staff as are reasonably necessary to carry out the stated purposes we have communicated to you.

In certain areas, such as when you provide credit card or other payment information to us, the Website works to help protect the security of your credit card and other payment information during transmission by using industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology.

You are also responsible for helping to protect the security of your Personal Information. For instance, never give out your email account information or your password for the Service to third parties.

Retention: We will keep your Personal Information for as long as it remains necessary for the identified purpose or as required by law, which may extend beyond the termination of our relationship with you. We may retain certain data as necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, or for legitimate business purposes, such as analysis of aggregated, non-personally-identifiable data, account recovery, or if required by law. All retained personal information will remain subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you request that your name be removed from our databases, it may not be possible to completely delete all your Personal Information due to technological and legal constraints.

Amendment of this Policy: We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy in the future, we will send you an email or in-App notification. Any non- material change (such as clarifications) to this Privacy Policy will become effective on the date the change is posted and any material changes will become effective 30 days from their posting on the Website or App. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all Personal Information that we have about you. The date on which the latest update was made is indicated at the bottom of this document. We recommend that you print a copy of this Privacy Policy for your reference and revisit this policy from time to time to ensure you are aware of any changes. Your continued use of the Website, App or Service signifies your acceptance of any changes.

Access and Accuracy: You have the right to access the Personal Information we hold about you in order to verify the Personal Information we have collected in respect to you and to have a general account of our uses of that information. Upon receipt of your written request, we will provide you with a copy of your Personal Information although in certain limited circumstances, we may not be able to make all relevant information available to you such as where that information also pertains to another user. In such circumstances we will provide reasons for the denial to you upon request. We will endeavor to deal with all requests for access and modifications in a timely manner.

We will make every reasonable effort to keep your Personal Information accurate and up-to-date, and we will provide you with mechanisms to update, correct, delete or add to your Personal Information as appropriate. As appropriate, this amended Personal Information will be transmitted to those parties to which we are permitted to disclose your information. Having accurate Personal Information about you enables us to give you the best possible service.

Contact Us: You can help by keeping us informed of any changes such as a change of address or telephone number. If you would like to access your information, if you have any questions, comments or suggestions of if you find any errors in our information about you, please contact us at: [privacy@getjobber.com.](mailto:privacy@getjobber.com)

**Last Updated: November 25, 2016**
