> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the getlinkyoutube.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-10-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151023105801id_/http%3A//www.getlinkyoutube.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Download videos Youtube

__Personal identification information We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.. Users may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities. __Non-personal identification information We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. __How we use collected information We may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes: __To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently. __To improve our Site We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services. __How we protect your information We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.  __Sharing your personal information We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. __Third party websites Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies. __Advertising Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. __Your acceptance of these terms By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. __Contacting us If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: [getlinkvideo@gmail.com](http://mailto:getlinkvideo@gmail.com/)
