> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the getmeinsure.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140422053009id_/http%3A//www.getmeinsure.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# GetMeInsure : Discamimer

**We value the security of your information. Your privacy is important to us. You accept that you authorise GetMeInsure.com and/or DoubleDigits.in and/or our affiliate Insurance Companies / Agents / Brokers acssociated with Peacock Financial Advisors Pvt. Ltd to contact you for helping your with an insurance quote even if your mobile number is registered with NCPR/DNC Registry by TRAI.**

This is the privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") for the www.getmeinsure.com site (the "Site"). This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of certain information relating to your use of the Site. Your use of this Site signifies your understanding and acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy. 

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and part of, the Terms and Conditions, which govern your use of the Site in general.   
Age Requirement for Use of Site: This Site is not intended for use by persons under the age of 18 years old. You must be 18 years old or older to provide any personal information to the Site, or to use the Site.   
You represent and warrant that you are domiciled in India or an Indian Citizen 

1\. Information Collecting:   
Personal Identifiable Information The Site may request and collect certain personally identifiable information including, but not limited to, Application Data and other personal information contained in User Submissions, through various means such as online forms, online applications, e-mail and comments submitted to the Site. Such information collected through the Site may include financial information, health-related information, and other sensitive information. Other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy, and unless given permission by you to do so, we will not sell or disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties. 

Non-Personal Identifiable Information   
We may also collect certain non-personally identifiable information via the Site, such as Site usage activity and preferences, also known as demographic or profile data. 

Why must you give so much personal information?   
Insurance companies establish their rates using a variety of criteria. Since we deal with many companies, we must ask you questions required by all of them to determine the most competitive match for you 

NOTICE OF CONSUMER REPORT PRACTICES   
In some cases, insurance companies may need to obtain additional background information about you. As an example Consumer reports may be ordered in connection with your insurance application. The Insurance companies might require few more details from you and might get in touch with you through e-mail, phone ,fax or a personal appointment. These reports provide information that may assist in determining your eligibility for insurance and the price you may be charged. Consumer reports may also be used for updates, renewals or extensions of this insurance. 

Technology used with this site   
Like many Web sites, we may use "cookies" and/or other technology (e.g., web bugs, e-mail bugs, clear GIFs, web beacons and tracker (GIFs) in the Site or in our communications with you to enhance the functionality of the Site and to make your transactions and other activities more convenient and efficient (collectively,"Tracking Technologies"). These technologies may vary, but in some cases may involve a small file stored locally on the computer used to access the Site, and may be used by us to store and collect information relating to your viewing and use of the Site and our correspondences with you. You may set your web browser software not to accept cookies, but, if so, certain functionality of the Site may be affected. We may collect your IP (Internet Protocol) address to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our Site and identify our users. We may also use such technologies to remember user preferences or minimize the need for you to re-enter information. Third parties (including, but not limited to, software vendors, advertisers and fulfillment companies) may also use Tracking Technologies by or through the Site. We have no control over what information such third parties track or collect, and we have no responsibility or liability for any tracking, data collection or other activities of such third parties. 

2\. Usage and Sharing of Information   
We use information collected on and through this Site for a variety of purposes in the course of business and as otherwise set forth herein. This information may also be used to evaluate what portions of the Site are more popular than others, determine where visitors came from, where they go, and how long they stay on a particular page, or the Site in general. We may match information collected from you through different means or at different times, and use such information along with information obtained from other sources, including third parties.   
Application Data may be forwarded to insurance companies , insurance agents, brokers and/or companies who may contact you with a quote by email, telephone, postal mail or other forms of communication. We are not responsible, and shall not be liable, if an agent, broker, company to whom we forward your Application Data violates our Privacy Policy or their own privacy policy, if any.   
We may disclose your personal information to companies that perform technology or marketing services for us for their use in performing such services. We may transfer, sell or assign aggregate, non-personally identifiable information about Site usage to third parties. We may transfer, sell or assign personal information to third parties as a result of a sale of all or substantially all of our assets relating to this portion of our business or in connection with a merger, consolidation, change in control, reorganization or liquidation. We also reserve the right to disclose any information concerning you if required by law or to protect or defend our rights or the rights or well-being of our users or if you are involved (or are reasonably suspected to be involved) in any illegal activity, even without a subpoena, warrant or court order. 

3\. Security on the site   
The application form on the Site supports shared encryption to help protect the security of your transfer of data to the Site. Although we will take all reasonable security precautions regarding information stored on the Site, due to the open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that any information stored on our servers, or transmitted to or from a user, will be free from unauthorized access, and we disclaim any liability for any theft or loss of, unauthorized access or damage to, or interception of any data or communications. By using the Site, you acknowledge that you understand and agree to assume these risks. 

4\. Consent For Processing Information   
By providing any personal information to this Site, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the transfer of such personal information to, and the collection and processing of such personal information in India and other countries or territories.   
By submitting information you are authorizing Brokers, Agents, Insurance Professionals in the www.getmeinsure.com network to contact you directly with quotes via telephone, fax, and email or through personal meetings.   
You also accept that getmeinsure.com , its parent company and its officials are not liable in case you are not provided the service by the insurance companies, Agents, Brokers. You also accept that getmeinsure.com , it's parent company and its officials are not leagelly liable once you have submitted your details for forwarding it to insurance providers. You also understand and accept that getmeinsure.com , it's parent company and it's officials do not have any control of events once you and the representative's of the insurance company agree to interact with each other after we have forwarded you request for insurance, and therefore you will not hold getmeinsure.com , it's parent company and it's officials liable for any event which is not-legal or un-lawful according to the Indian Law. 

5\. Links to other sites   
This Site may contain links or references to other Web sites outside of our control. Please be aware that we have no control over these sites and our privacy policy does not apply to these sites. 

6\. Your Acceptance of this Policy:   
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time so visitors are encouraged to review this policy from time to time. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes. 
