> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the getonfleek.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180126165107id_/https%3A//getonfleek.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Getonfleek

We do not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit such information to us. “Personally identifiable information” includes individually identifiable information about an individual consumer collected online by us from the individual, including any of the following: (1) a first and last name; (2) a physical address, including without limitation a street name and name of a city or town; (3) an e-mail address; (4) a telephone or fax number; or (5) any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of a specific individual. The types of personally identifiable information that we may request include your name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number. We may store your personally identifiable information alongside non-personally identifiable information about you.

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not submit personally identifiable information to us or use the Website.

We may collect non-personally identifiable information about you in a number of ways, including tracking your Internet activities through your IP address, computer settings or most-recently visited URL. We may also ask you to directly provide certain non-personally identifiable information about yourself, such as your clothing preferences.

When you use the Website we might insert some instructions on your computer or mobile device. These instructions will be in the form of a “cookie” or similar file. Cookies are small pieces of instruction stored on your hard drive or device, not on our Website. Cookies provide us with information that we use to enhance your experience on the Website. Right now, there are two basic types of cookies. One is a session cookie which terminates when the user’s session ends. The second is a persistent cookie, which is a text file that stays stored on your computer for a period of time. Your Internet browser contains instructions about how to remove persistent cookies. If you reject all cookies, you may not be able to create or sign in to your account with us or otherwise take full advantage of our Site.

We use cookies to collect information, on an aggregate basis, about how the Website is used. This information may include the date and time of visits to the Website and time spent on the Website. We also use cookies to learn more about our audience size and usage patterns, to store information about your preferences so as to allow us to customize our Website according to your interests and provide a more personalized experience, to speed up searches or to recognize you when you return to our Website, to identify the pages viewed or searched for, page response times, download errors, length of visits, page interaction information (such as click, scrolling, etc.) or methods used to browse away from a page, but none of our cookies is intended to identify you personally. You can obtain more information about cookies at [_http://www.allaboutcookies.org/_](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).

We may also use web beacons. A web beacon is an invisible graphic on a web page or email that is programmed to collect non-personally identifiable information about the use of a given website or newsletter, such as whether or not an email is opened and viewed.
