> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the getpayback.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111215014757id_/http%3A//www.getpayback.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Get Payback

**Effective May 2011.**

This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the personal information we collect through our website (GetPayback.com), any mobile applications we develop associated with GetPayback and the websites that we lease to our customers (“Customer Websites”) and how we or our customers collect and use it. This Policy refers to Getpayback.com, our mobile applications and our Customer websites collectively as the “Sites”. The terms “we”, “us”, and “GetPayback” refer to Payback Inc., a Colorado corporation. The term customers refers to persons who lease Customer Websites from us.

For Customer Websites, we only use the personal and other information collected for administration of the Customer Websites and our legitimate business dealings with, and activities on behalf of, our customers. Our customers have agreed not to use or share the personal information collected on Customer Websites other than as described in this Policy. You are on a Customer Website if GetPayback is not in the domain name, but this Policy is posted on the website you are visiting.

**Information We Collect and How We Use It**

**Account information.** We ask for and store information about you when you purchase a service/product or create an account on Getpayback.com, such as your name, email address, and signup location. We use your name to create your account name (first name and last initial), and we use your signup location to help target Getpayback.com to the town you live in. We use your email address and other contact information to send you updates, provide services to you in connection with Getpayback.com, and to contact you on behalf of other users sending you messages, complements, or other messages We may also use your signup location, birth date, and gender (if you supply them) to display relevant advertising to you. If you have registered on our Site, you can change your account information here.

**Interactive or Public content.** You may be able to contribute to the Sites in a number of different ways, including writing comments, testimonials, uploading photos, participating in talk threads, sending compliments or complaints or creating publicly viewable profiles. We may store these contributions (your “Interactive” or “Public Content”), display them to other users, and use them for promotional purposes. Note that if you include personally identifiable information in your Interactive or Public Content, it can be used and viewed by others. Therefore, you acknowledge and understand that you have no expectation of privacy or confidentiality in the content you submit for profiles or to such Interactive or Public features, whether or not it contains personally identifiable information about you. We are not responsible for the information you choose to include in your Interactive Public Content. Location data. The Sites may be able to provide helpful information based on where you are. If you tell us where you are (e.g., by allowing your mobile device to send us your location), we may store and use that information to provide you with location-based information and advertising. If you want to deactivate this feature, you can either reinstall the application or deactivate GPS on your mobile device. The Sites may also allows you to tell other users where you are, if you choose.

**Inviting friends.** You may be able to invite your friends to join the Sites by providing their contact information, or by entering your log-in credentials to import your address book from other third party websites. We or our customers may store and use your friends’ contact information to invite them to join and connect with you on the Sites. Your friends will always have the opportunity to opt-out of receiving further emails from us or our customers.

**Third party services.** We or our customers might allow you to access third party services, such as Facebook and Twitter, to share your selected Interactive or Public Content with those services, and import information about who you are connected with on those other services so you can connect with them on the Sites. Some of those third party services may also provide us with information from your accounts there to enhance and personalize your use of this Sites. For example, you can allow Facebook to tell us who your Facebook friends are so you can follow their activity on GetPayback.com.

**Third Party Links.** The Sites may also link to third party websites produced by other organizations. Third party advertisers or third party websites that have links on the Sites may also collect personally identifiable information directly from you. We or our Customers are not responsible for the privacy policies or contents of our advertisers, sponsors or other sites or businesses to which we provide hyperlinks or access. Please visit the websites of these businesses to review their privacy policies.

**Activity and log data.** We automatically store information related to your use of the Sites, such as the pages you view on the Sites, your browser type, IP address, the phone numbers and names of businesses that you call through the Sites, requested URL, browser language, referring URL, and the date and time of your visit. We use this type of information to administer the Sites so we and our customers can provide the highest possible level of service to you. We also use this information in the aggregate to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the Sites for our benefit and our customers.

**Cookies.** We send cookies to your computer in order to uniquely identify your browser and improve the quality of our service. “Cookies” refer to small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the Sites. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). Persistent cookies can be removed by following your browser help file directions. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas of the Sites may not work properly or at all. Our cookies are linked to your information, such as your name, email address and password.

**Third Party Cookie Usage.** We enable some of our business partners to use cookies in conjunction with your use of the Sites. We have no access to or control over the use of these cookies. These cookies collect information about your use of the Sites, such as where you came from, which pages you visited within the Sites, and possibly other sites you visit if those sites cooperate with the same third party, but do not collect your name, email address, contact information or other personally identifiable information that by itself would allow the third party to identify or contact you. For example, advertising companies and their contractors who deliver ads for us on Getpayback.com, for our Customers on the Customer Websites, or ads on third party sites that are part of an advertising network, may use cookies to uniquely distinguish your web browser and keep track of information relating to serving ads on your web browser, such as the type of ads shown and the web pages on which the ads appeared. In addition, the third parties that provide Activity and Log data services for us or our customers may use cookies to uniquely distinguish your web browser and to keep track of the websites that your web browser visits across the service provider’s network of websites. These companies may combine this information with other information they have independently collected from other websites relating to your web browser’s activities across their network of websites. These companies collect and use information under their own privacy policies. For further information on how to control and delete cookies, see http://www.aboutcookies.org/default.aspx.

**Feedback.** You should feel free to give us or our customers feedback, register a complaint, or ask questions about the Sites. We may store your communications, including any personal information you include in them, so that we can effectively respond to you.

**Administration.** We or our customers may use the information described above for routine administrative purposes, such as investigating abuses on the Sites, responding to user inquiries and enforcing and applying our Terms of Service and Policy.

**Data storage.** We store data in the United States. Please note that the Sites are directed towards users who reside in the United States. It is not our intent to gather personally identifiable information from individuals residing outside of the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, the information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States whose laws may not provide the same level of protection for personal information as your home country. By using this web site, you consent to this transfer. You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with this website in the federal and other courts of, and in accordance with the laws of, Colorado.

**Credit Card Purchases.** If you purchase business advertising or other GetPayback products and services online, we collect and store billing and credit card information. This information will only be shared with third parties who perform tasks (such as fulfilling orders and processing credit card payments) required to complete the purchase transaction. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using 128-bit secure socket layer technology (SSL).

**Transfer of Information**

**Interactive or Public Content.** If you post content for public view on the Sites, we or our customers may distribute such Interactive or Public Content to a wider audience by sharing it (or portions of it) with third parties so that they can publish it on their own websites and media platforms. We may ask them to credit you as the source of these contributions by including your account name and profile photo.

**Third party service providers.** We or our customers may use third parties to provide technical and customer support, perform tracking and reporting functions, conduct quality assurance testing, perform payment processing and provide other services in connection with the Sites. We or our customers may share information about you with them so that they can perform the services they are required to perform, but they are not permitted to use your personal information other than to provide the services requested by you.

**Third party advertising.** Third parties may serve some of the ads on the Sites. We and our customers do not send any individualized personal information to them, but they may have access to information that they obtain through cookies or that you share with them yourself. Note that we do not rent, share, sell or trade personally identifiable information with unaffiliated third parties for their direct marketing purposes.

**Aggregate information.** We or our customers may share non-personal information in the aggregate to third parties relating to user behavior in connection with actual or prospective business relationship with those third parties, such as advertisers and content distributors. For example, we may disclose the number of users that have been exposed to, or clicked on, advertising banners.

**Business transfers**. We may share your information with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control that we may have now or in the future, in which case we will require them to honor this Policy. In the event of a corporate change in control resulting from, for example, a sale to, or merger with, another entity, or in the event of a sale of assets or a bankruptcy, we reserve the right to transfer your personally identifiable information to the new party in control or the party acquiring assets. If another company acquires our company or all or substantially all of our assets, that company will possess your information, and will assume the rights and obligations with respect to that information as described in this Policy.

**Investigations.** We reserve the right, at our discretion and without assuming any duty or obligation, to investigate abuses on the Sites, and enforce and apply our Terms of Service and Policy. We may disclose information about you to third parties if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (b) enforce or apply our Terms of Service and Policy; (c) comply with legal process and law enforcement instructions and orders, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, judicial proceeding, or other legal process served on us; or (d) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our customers, users, affiliates, or the public.

**The Sites are intended for general audiences and is not directed to children under 18.** We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us here. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without parental consent, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account.

**Security**

We follow reasonable standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its security.

**Dispute Resolution**

If you believe that Payback Inc. or one of our customers has not adhered to this Policy you may write to the Payback Inc. Privacy Office at the following address:

Payback Inc.  
Attn: Privacy Officer  
1550 Larimer St STE #215  
Denver, CO 80202  
United States of America

Note that for Customer Websites, our customers and not Payback Inc. are independently responsible for their compliance with this Policy. However, we will notify our customers of any Complaints we receive regarding this Policy.

**Modifications to this Policy**

We may revise this Policy from time to time. The most current version of the Policy will govern our use of your information and will always be located here. If we make a change to this Policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes prior to implementing the change on the Sites and/or via the email associated with your account, if you hold one. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Policy.
