> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the getprice.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190321150156id_/https%3A//www.getprice.com.au/Privacy-Charter.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Charter

1.1 | Welcome to the website: [www.getprice.com.au](https://www.getprice.com.au/) (Site) of Next Commerce Pty. Ltd. (we, us or our). We respect the privacy of everyone who uses the Site and we are committed to maintaining the privacy and security of the personal information of all users of the Site.  
1.2 | This Privacy Policy (Policy) in general terms to the collection, storage, disclosure and use of personal information by us, how you may access personal information that we keep or complain about a suspected privacy breach. Please read this Policy before you use the Site.  
1.3 | The information and services offered by us on, or via, the Site are not directed at anyone under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly solicit or collect personally identifiable information about anyone under 18.  
   
2 | Your Acceptance  
2.1 | This Policy applies to and should be read in conjunction with the [Terms and Conditions](https://www.getprice.com.au/terms.htm) which are available on the Site([www.getprice.com.au](https://www.getprice.com.au/)).  
2.2 | By viewing, browsing and using the Site you will be deemed to have understood and agreed to the matters described in this Policy and you agree to abide by the Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Policy, then you should stop accessing and using the Site immediately.  
2.3 | Further, you should review this Policy regularly, as it may be updated from time to time, at our discretion.  
   
3 | Personal Information  
3.1 | We collect personal information from users, customers, visitors or merchants on a voluntary basis. Examples include but are not limited to: when you register for our newsletter, leave feedback about the Site, a product or merchant on the Site, partake in a competition or complete a survey. The personal information we collect may include name, title, gender, company, address, phone number, email address, and other relevant data. Questions or comments submitted by users may also include personal information.  
3.2 | We collect personal information when you make an enquiry or register as a merchant or register to receive information on featured or special deals available through the Site.  
3.3 | We may collect and use personal data for the purposes of running our business. We use this information so that:  
  | • | we can provide information to allow you to link to products and services;  
  | • | we can seek your feedback or to contact you in relation to those services offered on the Site;  
  | • | we can administer or otherwise carry out our obligations in relation to any agreement you have with us;  
  | • | we can anticipate and resolve problems with any links, third party sites or other content or information supplied by you;  
  | • | we can enhance the Site to better meet your needs as advertisers, sellers or merchants;  
  | • | we can process and respond to requests, improve our operations, and communicate with users about our products, services and businesses;  
  | • | we can make our email offers to you; and  
  | • | we can meet our legal obligations.  
3.4 | If you elect to become a merchant featured on the Site, we will also collect and use personal information, as required to fulfill our obligations described in the merchant agreement we enter into with you.  
3.5 | Unless you have agreed otherwise and except as otherwise specified in this Policy, we will not use or share with a third party (including affiliates), any personal information collected from you for direct marketing purposes, except in accordance with clause 3.7 below.  
3.6 | We may share your personal information within our related bodies corporate and with our agents, affiliates, contractors, service providers or suppliers, who perform functions on our behalf, such as storage providers, suppliers carrying out processing, financial and credit card institutions, hosting companies and internet service providers.

Prior to the disclosure of personal information to a person overseas, we will take reasonable steps to ensure that such overseas third party undertakes to treat your personal information securely and to protect your personal information in a manner consistent with this Policy and the Australian Privacy Principles. This may mean transmitting the information to another country where such third party is located. In particular, as at the date this Privacy Policy was most recently updated, your personal information may be disclosed to recipients within Australia and other countries from time to time. If you subsequently decide that you do not wish to receive information from them you may let us know by contacting [info@nextcommerce.com.au](mailto:info@nextcommerce.com.au).  
  
3.7 | Direct marketing:  
(a) With your consent (express or implied) or where otherwise permitted at law, we may use your personal information that you provided to us, including when you register (including registration for specials, updates or promotions via email), or share such personal information with our affiliates, for direct marketing purposes.   
(b) If you do not wish to receive these communications, you can opt out at any time in the ways set out below and we will remove you at your request: (i) by contacting us by writing to Privacy Officer - Level 1 Suite 1, 507 Kent Street, Sydney NSW  or by email to [info@nextcommerce.com.au](mailto:info@nextcommerce.com.au) (ii) by calling us on +61 2 8114 6333; or (iii) by using the unsubscribe facility that we include in our commercial electronic messages (ie email or SMS) to opt out of receiving those messages.  
3.8 | To the extent required or permitted by law, we may also collect, use and disclose personal information in connection with security related or law enforcement investigations or in the course of cooperating with authorities or complying with legal requirements.  
3.9 | Next Commerce Pty Ltd and our advertisers may use the information we collect from and about you to deliver relevant ads to you when you use www.getprice.com.au or another service  
3.10 | We may make your information available to certain third party service and content providers, such as providers of data cloud services, website hosting service providers, debt collection services and direct marketing services, who help us manage or provide our services. Next Commerce Pty Ltd generally requires these service and content providers to comply with relevant privacy laws and not to use personal information which we provide for any purpose other than the specific service they are providing to you and/or Next Commerce Pty Ltd.  
3.11 | We may also remove all the information that identifies you and use the remainder of the information for historical, statistical or scientific purposes.  
3.12 | If you e-mail us, you are voluntarily releasing information to us. Your e-mail address will be used by Get Price to respond to you. Unless you have agreed otherwise, we will not use the information that can identify you, such as your e-mail address, for direct marketing purposes.  
3.13 | In addition, we may have collected similar information from you in the past. By entering the Site you are consenting to the terms of our Charter and to our continued use of previously collected information.  
3.14 | We will only collect personal information that is necessary for one or more of our functions or for the purpose disclosed to you.  
   
4 | Ratings and Feedback  
4.1 | Users of the Site may review and rate products featured on the Site. You consent to your ratings being publicly available on the Site. By submitting your personal information to us (including your details as a merchant or user), you will be treated as having given your permission for the processing of your personal data as set out in this Charter. Get Price and its licensees can republish your content as outlined in the Terms and Conditions of Use.  
4.2 | We may ask your feedback through surveys, and we may use the results for marketing or development of the Site. We may also share the results with our affiliates, consultants, vendors and service providers. As part of registration as a merchant or user interested in featured deals on the Site, you have agreed to receiving requests for feedback from Get Price via your email address.  
   
5 | Tracking Activity On Our Site  
5.1 | When you browse the Site and have not registered, you browse anonymously. Personally identifiable information is not collected as you browse. However, we track how the Site is used by both anonymous users and our registered merchants, by using a small string of text that is sent to your browser known as a ‘cookie’. Our use of cookies is described in more detail in the next section.  
5.2 | All such information will be used only to assist us for the purposes of providing an effective service on the Site. We may from time to time supply the owners or operators of third party sites from which it is possible to link from the Site with information relating to the number of users linking from the Site to such third party websites. You will not personally be identifiable from this information.  
   
6 | Cookies  
6.1 | Cookies collect information that include the server your computer is logged onto, your browser type and how you gained entry to the Site. Therefore, when you use the Site anonymously, details are recorded about your use, such as how you have used the Site, the time and date of your access to the Site, pages of the Site that you accessed and the time you spent on the Site. This information is used in an anonymous form for statistical purposes and to improve target advertising and as such, cannot be used to identify you individually. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive, pass on computer viruses or capture your email address or any other personally identifiable information. You should note that accepting cookies is required if you want to view the Site, because they are essential for the Site administration and security.  
 6.2 | When you access and interact with www.getprice.com.au, we may collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to www.getprice.com.au, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. 

If you access www.getprice.com.au from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geolocation data, or other transactional information from that device. Cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies and local storage, pixel beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies) are comprised of small bits of data or code that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier. Websites, apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so that such websites, apps and other services can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service. These technologies may also be used to collect and store information such as pages you have visited, content you have viewed, search queries you have run and advertisements you have viewed in relation to your usage of www.getprice.com.au and other websites you have visited. This cookie data may be shared with third parties for the purposes of providing more relevant targeted advertising. 

Third parties that support Next Commerce Pty Ltd by serving advertisements or providing services, such as allowing you to share content or tracking aggregate www.getprice.com.au usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information. Next Commerce Pty Ltd does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of those third parties using such technologies. 

Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information. Users can manage the use of Flash technologies, with the Flash management tools available at Adobe’s website. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features, content or personalisation available through www.getprice.com.au.    
  
 6.3 | If you would like to opt-out of cookie collection, you can block or delete cookies through your browser settings but be aware that if you do this you may not be able to continue to receive some Get Price Services. In addition, this may not be sufficient to block or opt-out of all activities which track the usage of a device or which deliver targeted content. If you wish to obtain more information about how your previous usage of the Internet may be used to determine the ads that you see when you use the Company Services, go to [//youronlinechoices.com.au](https://youronlinechoices.com.au/) and to opt out of receiving this type of advertising go to [//www.krux.com/krux_privacy/consumer_choice/](https://www.krux.com/krux_privacy/consumer_choice/).  
   
7 | Security  
7.1 | We will use our reasonable endeavours to store your personal information securely and to make the Site as secure as possible against unauthorised access. We have implemented technology and policies, with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use.  
7.2 | Despite our reasonable endeavours, we are unable to ensure or warrant the security of any personal information transmitted to us. Accordingly, all personal information disclosed by you to us is at your own risk and we are not liable for any unauthorised access to the personal information.  
7.3 | If we determine that personal information is no longer needed for any purpose, we will take reasonable steps to destroy or permanently de-identify that personal information, unless we are required by law to retain the information.  
   
8 | Third Parties  
8.1 | You can link to other third party websites from the Site. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites, even if you access them using links from the Site. We make no promises or guarantees regarding data collection on the hyper-linked pages and on websites that are not owned by Get Price. We recommend that you check the policy of each website you use, visit, or link to, and contact the owners or operators of such websites if you have any concerns or questions.  
8.2 | Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Site and any transmission is entirely at your own risk.  
   
9 | Disclosure Of Your Personal Information To Third Parties  
9.1 | We may disclose your personal information to third parties in the following circumstances -  
  | (a) | if we deem necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation governmental process or industry code;  
  | (b) | to various regulatory bodies and law enforcement officials and agencies to protect against fraud and for security purposes; and  
  | (c) | to our third party service providers as well as to our related bodies corporate for the purpose of providing links to products or responding to your enquiries.  
9.2 | Where we engage third party contractors to perform services for us, those third party contractors may be given access to your personal information for the purposes of providing services to us. Under these circumstances however, those third party contractors must safeguard this information and must only use it for the purposes for which it was supplied. If we give a third party service provider your personal information, we will also make them aware of this Policy and ask that they handle your personal information in accordance with it. However, beyond this, we will not be liable if they do not comply with this Policy.  
9.3 | In the event of a merger, acquisition or sale of the whole or part of our business or assets, we reserve the right to transfer your personal information as part of any such transaction. However, your personal information would remain subject to this Policy.  
   
10 | Changes To This Privacy Policy  
10.1 | We may amend this Policy from time-to-time. The current version of our Policy will be posted on our Site. Your continued use of our products, services or Site following any such amendment will be confirmation of your acceptance of the amendments.  
10.2 | We will always use information in accordance with the Policy under which it was collected.  
   
11 | Contacting Us  
11.1 | You have the right to access personal information we hold about you at all times. We will use our reasonable endeavours to keep your personal information that we collect accurate, up-to-date and complete. You may obtain access to the personal information which we have collected about you, and request corrections, by contacting [info@nextcommerce.com.au](mailto:info@nextcommerce.com.au). We reserve the right to charge a reasonable fee for this service to meet our reasonable costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.  
11.2 | If you are concerned about our use of your personal information, or would like to discuss any issues about this Policy, please contact us at [info@nextcommerce.com.au](mailto:info@nextcommerce.com.au) with the subject line, "privacy."  
   
12 | Further Information On Privacy  
  | You may obtain further information regarding privacy issues in Australia by visiting the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner’s website at [www.privacy.gov.au](https://www.privacy.gov.au/).
