> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the getquip.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111122001629id_/http%3A//getquip.com/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Quip Privacy Policy

* _Terms._ LL understands your concern about the privacy of any information you supply while at the Site. LL believes that knowledge is the key to monitoring and protecting how your information is used on the Internet. This statement sets forth LL's Privacy Policy and describes the practices LL follows with respect to all visitors to this Site. If you have any questions regarding this privacy statement, please email your questions to: [info@getquip.com](mailto:%69%6e%66%6f@%67%65%74%71%75%69%70.%63%6f%6d?subject=Question%20about%20Privacy%20Policy).

* _Application._ LL's Privacy Policy applies to use of this Site, and its terms and conditions are made part of this User Agreement by reference. You understand that any message or information sent to the Site may be viewed or intercepted by third parties, even if there is a special notice that the information (e.g., financial information) is encrypted. Except as limited by the Privacy Policy, you agree that LL may contact you regarding the Site, your User account, or activity on the Site, via the contact information you have provided.

* _EU Safe Harbor._ LL abides by the EU Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.

* _California Users._ If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request and obtain from LL once a year, free of charge, information about the personally identifiable information ("PII") (if any) LL disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the type of PII that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which LL shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you do not want your name and contact information to be shared with any third party, you may notify LL at any time via the e-mail and/or mailing address below.

* _Children._ Children (persons under the age of 18) are not eligible to use this Site unsupervised. Children should not register for an account or submit any personal information to the Site. By using this Site unsupervised, and/or registering for an account, you warrant that you are 18 years of age or older.

* _Personal Information._ LL collects certain personal information from Users of this Site. Users are required to provide certain personal information in order to access Content, and Publishers must provide certain contact and account information such as name, email address, billing address, and phone number in order to access and download Content. LL may use certain account information such as credit card numbers and company information of Publishers to conduct credit inquiries. LL uses the personal information that it collects for internal purposes (to process your order and any invoices, to maintain or update your LL account, or to send you updates about special offers, new services, special promotions, and noteworthy news and events). LL does not sell or rent information about its Users to third parties. 

* _Content Referral._ If you use the referral service for informing a friend about the Site, or inviting a friend to view Content you have selected at the Site, you will need to provide LL with the friend's name and email address. LL will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. LL does not retain this information.

* _Profile Information._ Your public and private profile information in the registration form is used by LL to create personalized content, services, and advertising on the LL Site. LL also requests, at your option, that you create a public profile that allows you to share information about yourself with other Users of the Site. LL may also profile your Site activity in order to accurately track your account and provide you with LL products and services that correspond to your interests. LL may also compile data in aggregate form in order to better understand the users that are visiting the Site. For example, LL may produce reports on the most popular search terms by collecting general search term data based on individual searches. Aggregate data is anonymous and does not contain any personal information that identifies a user.

* _Automatically Collected Information._ As is true of most web sites, LL gathers certain information automatically and stores it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. LL uses this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the Site and to gather demographic information about the user base as a whole. LL may also use statistics concerning Content that has been licensed through the Site for various purposes. LL may link automatically collected data to personally identifiable information. IP addresses may be tied to personally identifiable information to segregate customer types for analytical purposes. When you use the Contact Us page, email addresses are not automatically collected but may be optionally submitted by user. LL will use this email address and any personal information collected for the purpose of responding to the user's request.

* _Use of Service Providers._ LL occasionally hires or partners with other companies to provide limited services, such as hosting the Site, managing and handling the processing and delivery of mailings (both email and postal mail), providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of the LL services. LL will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.

* _Change of Address or Contact Information._ If your PII changes, or if you no longer desire to use the Site or LL services, you may correct, update, or delete inaccuracies in your information by making the change by making those changes on your My Account page or via the Contact Us page. Your request will be processed and implemented within thirty (30) days. 

* _Security._ LL has a number of operational functions in place to protect the confidentiality of personal information. For example, LL stores the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in secured facilities. LL's employees are trained and kept up-to-date on the LL security procedures. If you have any questions about the security at the Site, please contact LL at the Contact Us page. LL and its payment vendors use SSL encryption technologies to transmit sensitive information such as a credit card number to the LL servers. However, perfect security on the Internet does not exist, and LL does not warrant that its Site is impenetrable or invulnerable to hackers.

* _Cookies._ When you visit the Site, LL sends your computer a cookie, which is a small file that resides on your computer's hard drive and contains non-personally identifiable information about the user. Cookies only identify the user's computer. Cookies allow LL to make its Site more useful by storing information about your preferences. For example, LL will send your computer a cookie to maintain default settings. You can set your browser's options not to accept cookies, but this may prevent you from accessing all of the features of the LL Site. 

Additionally, this Site uses clear GIFs, or pixel tags, provided by the adserving company LL uses to help manage online advertising. These clear GIFs provide the adserving company with the ability to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this site. This allows LL to learn which banner ads bring users to the Site. The information LL collects and shares through this technology is not personally identifiable (it does not include your name, address, telephone number, or email address). For more information about LL's adserving company or your option to restrict the use of this anonymous information, please contact LL via the Contact Us page.

LL uses clear GIFs, a tiny 1x1 pixel GIF, to digitally watermark Content, in both a visible and invisible manner. When you license Content through LL, the visible watermark is then removed from the image, however, in certain lower resolution Content, an invisible watermark may remain, allowing LL and the third party to track certain usage of such Content on the Internet. 

* _E-mail._ LL does not rent or sell e-mail lists. LL may send e-mail to the e-mail address you provide to LL to notify you about a recent order LL. LL offers its members the choice to not receive e-mails or updates about special benefits, promotions, or offers from LL. If you no longer wish to receive these updates, or if you wish to unsubscribe from LL membership, you may change your Communication Preferences via your My Account page, or by writing to LL using the Contact Us page.

* _Surveys and Contests._ Participation in surveys or contests on the Site is completely voluntary and the User therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose personal information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address) and demographic information (such as zip code). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for the purposes of monitoring or improving the use of the Site.

* _Discussion Threads._ If you use the Quip Community Forum or blog discussion threads, you should be aware that any PII you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. LL is not responsible for the PII you choose to submit in these discussion threads.

* _Links._ Please be aware that the Site may contain links to other web sites that are covered by their own privacy policies. LL is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites and LL encourages Users to be aware when they leave the Site. LL recommends that Users read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects PII.

* _Changes to LL's Online Privacy Policy._ LL reserves the right to change its online privacy policy. However, LL will not do so without posting those changes on the Site. If at any point LL decides to use PII in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, LL will notify you via email or by posting a prominent notice on the Site thirty (30) days prior to implementing the change. You will have a choice as to whether or not LL will use your information in this different manner.

* _Legal Disclaimer._ LL may disclose personal information when required by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law or to comply with a legal process served on the Site.
