> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the getu.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121115020043id_/http%3A//getu.com/pages/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

This privacy policy governs and explains how Conduit Ltd. and its affiliates ( **“Conduit”** ,  **“we”**  or  **“our”** ) access, collect and use information that is generated by your use of the Conduit browser (“Browser”). The Browser is built using the Google Chromium open source code. Use of the search box available with the Browser is governed by the privacy policy of the default search engine you choose. The Browser allows your mobile device to interact with your computer, for example by acting as a game controller for games you play through your browser and/or sending website information directly to your mobile device from your browser. However, no information from your mobile device is passed to Conduit.

It is not necessary for you to provide any Personally Identifying Information to use the Browser.  **“Personally Identifying Information”**  is information that identifies an individual including your login credentials to a third party website, name, postal address, and email address.

## Information Conduit Receives

When you download the Browser, the Browser interacts with the Conduit servers. Information is sent from the Browser to Conduit through the servers. Conduit may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your Browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer device until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal experience. “Cookies" are small pieces of information that a website places on your computer device's browser while you are viewing a website. Persistent Cookies can be removed or blocked through the “help” menu available in the Browser or as otherwise may be provided in this privacy policy. If you block Cookies, your Browser experience may be affected and some of the Browser features may be limited or inaccessible. The Browser sends non-personal information to the Conduit servers including: 

  * IP address (which also identifies the country of the user);
  * unique Mobile device identifier;
  * selected language;
  * selected Browser preferences and/or options;
  * usage and activity of or connected to the Browser;
  * add-ons or applications you choose to add to the Browser;
  * all other Internet browser(s) you have installed on your computer device and your default browser; and
  * the Browser version.



We use this information for business and operations purposes including to notify you of Browser updates (as applicable|), to provide us with usage data for statistical purposes and/or to facilitate our operation and improvement of the Browser. The Browser may also store bookmarks and browsing history on your computer device locally (which means the information is not transferred to our servers). You can delete bookmarks and browsing history information at any time. The Browser may automatically check to determine if you are using its most current version and may, through pop-up boxes or similar mechanisms, inform you if you need to upgrade the Browser version or may automatically update it and/or its components to their most current version. During this process, an IP address or computer device identifier identifying your computer device and the Browser version may be sent to our servers.

In addition, you may choose to send Conduit usage and crash reports on an opt-out basis. The usage and crash reports help Conduit diagnose problems with the Browser. Please note that usage and/or crash reports may contain information from files, applications and services that were running on your computer device at the time of the malfunction and thus may have some Personally Identifying Information within them. o disable this feature in the Browser: 

  * Click the cogwheel icon on the browser toolbar.
  * Select  **Options**.
  * Click the  **Under the Hood**  tab.
  * In the  **"Privacy"**  section, deselect the "Automatically send usage statistics and crash reports to Conduit" checkbox.



Some additional information that is sent to our servers via certain features of the Browser is as follows: 

  * When you type URLs or queries in the address bar, the letters you type are sent to your default search engine so that the search engine’s autocomplete/prediction feature can automatically recommend terms or URLs you may be looking for. If for example Google is the default search engine of the Browser, the Browser will contact Google when it starts to determine the best local address to send search queries. The Browser will also send search-usage statistics to Google. Google’s policy describes practices with respect to such data. To disable this feature in the Browser:   

    * Click the cogwheel icon on the browser toolbar.
    * Select  **Options**.
    * Click the  **Under the Hood**  tab.
    * In the  **"Privacy"**  section, deselect the "Use a prediction service to help complete searches and URLs typed in the address bar" checkbox.
  * The Browser’s Instant feature is enabled and it is supported by your default search engine (to the extent available by your default search engine), therefore search results and in-line predictions appear instantly as you type in the address bar. Search results are requested as you type in the address bar, so the text you type may be logged as search terms by the default search engine.   

    * Click the cogwheel icon on the browser toolbar.
    * Select  **Options**.
    * Click the  **Under the Hood tab**.
    * In the  **"Privacy"**  section, deselect the "Use a prediction service to help complete searches and URLs typed in the address bar" checkbox.
  * The Browser’s Instant feature is enabled and it is supported by your default search engine (to the extent available by your default search engine), therefore search results and in-line predictions appear instantly as you type in the address bar. Search results are requested as you type in the address bar, so the text you type may be logged as search terms by the default search engine.   
The Browser includes Google's Safe Browsing feature. Safe Browsing sends and receives information between the Browser and Google's servers about suspicious websites - for example when you visit a site that Google thinks is a phishing or malware site. For more information about Safe Browsing, including details of what information is sent when and how to disable the feature, please visit the [Safe Browsing Privacy Policy.](http://www.google.com/intl/en_us/privacy/browsing.html "Safe Browsing Privacy Policy")
    * If you navigate to a URL that does not exist, the Browser may send the URL to your default search engine so we can help you find the URL you were looking for. We may also use this information in an aggregated way to help other web users - e.g. to let them know that the site may be down. To disable this feature:
    * Click the cogwheel icon on the browser toolbar.
    * Select  **Options**
    * Click the  **Under the Hood**  tab.
    * In the  **"Privacy"**  section, deselect the "Use a web service to help resolve navigation errors" checkbox.
  *   * If the Translate feature is enabled in the Browser, it will send the text you choose to be translated to Google for translation.
  * If you use the Browser’s Spell-check feature, which lets you use the same technology used in Google search to check your spelling, it will send the text you type to Google for spelling and grammar suggestions.
  * If you use the Browser’s Speech Input feature, it will send to Google an audio recording of your spoken query, your default browser language and the grammar settings of the web page for which you are using speech input. Google will use this information to convert the recorded audio into text.
  * If you use the Browser’s AutoFill feature, which automatically completes web forms for you based on similar forms you have filled out before, the Browser will send Google limited information about the pages that have web forms, including a hashed representation of the host part of the URL of the page and the form's structure, so that Google can improve the AutoFill service for this web form. While the information the Browser sends may include the fact that you typed information in the form, the actual text that you type in the fields will not be sent to Google unless you choose to save that data with your account using the Browser’s Synchronization feature.
  * If you use the Browser’s Location feature, which allows you to share your location with a website, the Browser will send local network information to Google Location Services to get an estimated location. Learn more about [Google Location Services and enabling / disabling location features.](https://support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=en&answer=142065&p=cpn_location_sharing "Google Location Services and enabling / disabling location features.") The local network information includes, depending on the capabilities of your device, information about the Wi-Fi routers closest to you, cell IDs of the cell towers closest to you, the strength of your Wi-Fi or cell signal, and IP address or device identifier that is currently assigned to your device. Conduit does not save this information but merely passes it on to Google.
  * If you attempt to connect to a Google website using a secure connection, and the Browser blocks the connection due to information that indicates you are being actively attacked by someone on the network (i.e., MITM), the Browser may send information about that connection to Conduit for the purpose of helping to determine the extent of the attack and how the attack functions.



## Information Stored on Your Device (whether mobile or computer unless specifically stated otherwise)

The Browser stores certain information on your device (to the extent applicable) about your browsing history. This information includes: 

  * Basic browsing history information: the URLs of pages that you visit, a cache file of text and images from those pages, and a list of some IP addresses or device identifiers linked from pages that you visit.
  * A searchable index of most pages you visit (except for secure pages with "https" web addresses, such as some bank pages).
  * Thumbnail-sized screenshots of most pages you visit.
  * Cookies or web storage data deposited on your device by websites you visit.
  * A record of downloads you have made from websites.



You can limit the information the Browser saves only on your computer device by using incognito mode. In this mode, the Browser will not store basic browsing history information such as URLs, cached page text, or IP addresses or computer device identifiers of pages linked from the websites you visit. It will also not store snapshots of pages that you visit or keep a record of your downloads (although this information could still be stored elsewhere on your computer device, e.g. in a list of recently opened files). New Cookies received in incognito mode will not be saved after you close the Browser or close all open incognito windows. You can see when you are in incognito mode because the incognito icon appears in the top corner of the Browser; in some cases the border of the Browser window may also change color.

## Information the Browser Shares with Third Party Sites:

Whenever you use the Internet, or software with Internet-enabled features, information about your computer device ( **"standard computer information"** ) is sent to the websites you visit and online services you use. Standard computer information includes your computer device's IP address, browser type and language, access times, and referring website addresses (which means the web addresses of the site you came from). This information might be logged on those websites' web servers. Which information is logged and how that information is used depends on the privacy practices of the websites you visit and web services you use.

If you use the Browser in incognito mode, it will not transmit any pre-existing Cookies to websites that you visit. Websites may deposit new Cookies on your computer device while you are in incognito mode, however, these Cookies will only be temporarily stored and transmitted to websites while you remain in incognito mode. They will be deleted when you close the Browser or close all open incognito windows.

In the event Conduit goes through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, bankruptcy, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personally Identifying Information may be among the assets transferred.

## Conduit also abides by the following privacy practices:

  1. **Third Party Features and Content**  – Conduit may offer you additional features and/or content you may add to the Browser. These features or content may be in the form of apps, buttons, gadgets and other components. In the event that these features or content may require the collection of your Personally Indentifying Information, the third party providing the features or content should present to you a clear disclosure of the information that will be accesses, collected and/or used and you should have the opportunity to decide whether or not to share such information or alternatively not use or remove such features or content. These features and content are subject to the privacy policies of the third parties.

If it is available, you may also choose to activate additional features that provide you with the ability to update and use your favorite social networks directly from the Browser. During such activation you will be asked to grant Conduit permission to compile certain information from such social network systems. This information may include friends or contacts lists, notes and updates and photos, and may be used by Conduit to help you customize the Browser, suggest new features and content that may be relevant to you or provide Conduit with data for statistical purposes. If you elect to permit Conduit to access this information, Conduit will be able to see and use this information and such action may change your preexisting privacy settings in your social networks account(s). Please note that the control over your privacy settings in your social network account(s) is only available in your social network accounts. Please see your social network provider policies for any questions or concerns.  **It is important to note that Conduit does not sell or rent any Personal Indentifying Information it compiles to any third parties.**  You may opt not to grant Conduit access to your social network account(s) at any time by changing your social network settings in your social networks account(s) or by not granting Conduit access.

  2. **Third Party Websites**  – the Browser enables you to reach third party websites. The privacy practices of those websites are governed by third parties unrelated to Conduit. You should review the privacy policies of any website(s) you access through the Browser.
  3. **Easy uninstall**  – you can easily uninstall the Browser or any component or features from the Browser that is embedded on it at any time. To uninstall any component or feature from the Browser simply go to the Settings option on the Browser control panel and/or any other Settings Dialog box that may be available on the Browser, and to uninstall the Browser just use the standard uninstall processes that are available as part of your operating system (for example: add/remove programs in Windows).
  4. **Control over Preferences**  – you have full control over the Browser and can modify your preferences at any time (including the components and features you have added to the Browser), from the different options available in the Browser control panel.
  5. **Report**  – The security of your information is important to us, and we take steps to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have a reason to believe that your rights have been infringed upon while using the Browser, please contact Conduit via email at [Privacy@conduit.com](mailto:Privacy@conduit.com).
  6. **Updates**  – From time to time we may update this privacy policy. We encourage you to visit this page frequently to stay informed.



Last updated: April 1, 2012
