> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tunewiki.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-04-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090403162441id_/http%3A//www2.tunewiki.com/Legal/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Untitled Page

**Last Updated: November 7, 2008**   


Thank you for using the TuneWiki service (the “ _Service_ ” or “ _TuneWiki_ ”). TuneWiki consists of a community-created lyrics synchronization database and an online/mobile community owned and operated by TuneWiki, Inc. (“ _us_ ,” “ _we_ ” or similar pronoun). We highly value and respect the privacy of the personal information we obtain from you (“ _Personal Information_ ”) and we have created this privacy policy (the “ _Privacy Policy_ ”) to inform you about how we collect, use and share your Personal Information, and our privacy practices in general. This Privacy Policy applies to both information we may collect online and information collected through the Service. As used in this Privacy Policy, the terms “Service” and “TuneWiki” will include the TuneWiki music manager plugin application (“ _Plugin_ ”) and TuneWiki gadget applications (“ _Gadgets_ ”).   


As used in this Privacy Policy, Personal Information means information that can identify you on a personal basis or can be used to contact you. Our general policy is that we do not share Personal Information with third parties, except as identified below.    


We are always ready to address your questions and concerns regarding this Privacy Policy and our privacy practices. If you would like to contact a customer service representative, please contact us through one of the following methods:   


By Email: [Privacy@tunewiki.com](mailto:Privacy@tunewiki.com)   


By Mail: TuneWiki Inc, 698 Tasman Drive, Milpitas, CA 95035   


We continually strive to find new ways to enhance TuneWiki and we may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our privacy practices. You are encouraged to review this Privacy Policy periodically and to check the “Last Updated” date at the top of this Privacy Policy for the most recent version to inform yourself about how your Personal Information is collected, used and shared when you use TuneWiki. Your use of the Service after the “Last Updated” date means you are subject to Privacy Policy then in effect.   


[ ** _please link each question to the appropriate section; insert a return link labeled “return to top” at the bottom of each section_** ]

_what information does TuneWiki collect?_

_how does TuneWiki use the information collected?_

_what Personal Information does TuneWiki share with others?_

_how is my information shared with other communities?_

_what about information I post to TuneWiki, including any forums, chats or blogs?_

_how can I view, update or remove my information?_

_what choices do I have about the Service?_

_what about security?_

_does TuneWiki use cookies, web beacons and other online tracking technologies? what about third party cookies?_

_what about other websites, services and communities?_

_what is your policy regarding children?_

_what about international users?_   


**what information does TuneWiki collect?**   


  * When you register with TuneWiki, we collect your email address and password (which collectively serve as your login for the Service). We may also collect your username or real name, and other demographics, if you choose to provide it.
  * When you install the Plugin, we collect information from your playlists.
  * When you play songs through the Plugin, we collect information about those songs.
  * When you choose to participate in sweepstakes, contests or other promotions, we collect your email address and other relevant contact information.
  * From GPS technology existing within your mobile device or information generated by your Internet browser, we collect location-based information about your mobile device or personal computer. 
  * When you post or edit lyrics in the TuneWiki database, we collect your user ID
  * When you send an invitation to a friend to join TuneWiki, we collect that person’s contact information.
  * When you ask us a question, we collect the mobile telephone number, email address or other contact information you choose to provide.
  * We collect information you voluntarily submit when participating in one of our various services, programs or surveys.
  * When you use a Gadget at any online community, we collect information through the Gadget.



When using our website, we may also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, your browser information (including browser type, capabilities and language), your operating system, the date and time you accessed the website, and the website from which you linked to our website. In addition, we may collect other information from you (such as location-based data) that has been stripped of Personal Information. We may group some or all this information into aggregate data in order to describe the use of the Service and our website to our existing or potential business partners, sponsors, advertisers or other third parties, or in response to a government request. We may also group demographic information that we collect from TuneWiki users into aggregate data for the same purposes. We reserve the right to use and share any non-Personal Information with third parties for any lawful purpose.   


We may associate your Personal Information with non-Personal Information within our database, and we treat all the associated information as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. However, except as noted below, we do not share this associated information with third parties.    


**how does TuneWiki use the information collected?**   


  * To generally provide the Service to you.
  * To let other TuneWiki users you choose to share with, know the songs in your playlists, the songs you listen to and where you are generally located (without identifying you on a personal level, unless you agree to such sharing).
  * To help deliver promotional offerings tailored to your interests or location through the Plugin or to your email address.
  * To identify you as a contributor or editor of lyrics.
  * To automatically update your information across Gadgets installed at other online communities (Gadgets are linked by your email address).
  * To account for royalties due from our services, to music publishers.
  * To respond to questions and comments. 
  * To improve and tailor TuneWiki and the overall TuneWiki experience. 



**what Personal Information do you share with others?**   


  * **Other TuneWiki users** : We share your playlists and the songs you listen to with other TuneWiki users. We also associate your email address as the contributor or editor of lyrics in the TuneWiki database, which is available for other TuneWiki users to see.
  * **At Your Request** : We share your Personal Information whenever you request us to do so.
  * **Legal Disclosures** : In the event we are required to disclose user information pursuant to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws, we will make such disclosure. 
  * **Sale of Business** : In the event the ownership of all or a part of our business were to change, Personal Information, Profile Information and other related information pertinent to the business’ operations would likely be transferred to, or licensed for use by, the new owner. 
  * **Protect the Service:** We may disclose Personal Information in the event we reasonably believe such disclosure of Personal Information is necessary to protect the Service, our rights or property, or the rights of any third party.
  * **Service Providers:** We use third-party service providers to perform certain services on our behalf, such as processing, storing, maintaining and transmitting data, processing and fulfilling email and other promotional campaigns, and providing marketing assistance, web analytics and data analysis. We may provide your Personal Information to these third-party service providers when the information is necessary for them to perform their duties. These third-party service providers are contractually restricted from using personal information for any other purpose and required to comply with all applicable laws with respect to the Personal Information they receive.



**how is my information shared with other communities?**   


TuneWiki currently provides a number of Gadgets which you can use in connection with other online communities you may be a part of, such as MySpace and Facebook. The Plugin interacts, communicates and shares information across and between each Gadget you choose to incorporate into your online community accounts. If you there are updates to your information at TuneWiki, your information will be automatically shared, updated and populated across all installed Gadgets.    


For example, if you’ve chosen to place a Gadget on your MySpace page, any information you make available to TuneWiki users will be seamlessly updated at your Gadget at MySpace and, accordingly, made available to anyone who can view your MySpace page. For this reason, if you choose to use Gadgets, you should consider the information you make available on TuneWiki as available to all the online communities where you’ve installed Gadgets.   


You should also note that these online communities are not affiliated with TuneWiki and subject to their own privacy policies and user agreements, which have not been reviewed or approved by us. In each case, it will be your responsibility to review how your Personal Information is used, collected, stored and shared under each online community’s terms and conditions. We are not responsible for your use of or inability to use any online community or Gadget installed at such online community, including, without limitation, the manner in which such online community may interact with the installed Gadget.    


**what about information I post to TuneWiki, including any forums, chats or blogs?**   


If you chose to upload or edit lyrics in the TuneWiki database, use a forum, import a blog, participate in a chat room or otherwise use a feature available through the Service, you should be aware that any Personal Information you post can be read, collected or used by other users of the Service (and users of online communities if you use Gadgets), and could be used to send you unsolicited messages or in an otherwise unauthorized manner. We cannot be responsible for any Personal Information you choose to post through those means and we recommend careful consideration before you post such information.

**how can I view, update or remove my information?**   


We do not provide you the ability to view or update information we may have in our database. However, if you want us to remove your Personal Information from our database, please remove the Plugin from your mobile device or personal computer. Personal Information related to the Plugin should be deleted the next time our servers are updated, however, any attribution made to you in connection with lyrics you post or edit will remain in the TuneWiki database. Please note that if you choose to reinstall the Plugin, we will once again have your Personal Information stored in our database and you will need to once again remove the Plugin to remove your Personal Information from our servers.   


Please note that after your Personal Information is removed, there may be residual information that remains within one of our databases that may or may not contain your Personal Information, such as information that may be retained in back-up servers or records we may retain for a period of time to comply with legal or industry requirements or with legal process served on us, to protect and defend our rights or property, or in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of any individual. We will not authorize any third party to access or use this residual information on a Personal Information level for any commercial purpose. 

**what choices do I have about the Service?**   


If you have any objection to the manner we collect, use and share your information, you must remove the Plugin from your mobile device or personal computer and discontinue using the Service. Your continued use of TuneWiki constitutes your complete acceptance of this Privacy Policy.    


**what about security?**   


Protecting the security of your information is very important to us. You acknowledge that wireless transmissions are not secure by nature. However, once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable precautions to secure and protect the information on our systems. Within our systems, your Personal Information is protected by a “firewall” (a combination of computer hardware and software that helps keep unauthorized visitors from accessing information within our computer network). Unfortunately, no data transmission over mobile networks or the Internet can be 100% secure and, accordingly, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us via wireless means, online or otherwise.   


**does TuneWiki use cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies? what about third party cookies?**   


We currently do not place or use cookies at our website, but we do employ web beacons; however, we may use cookies in the future. Web beacons (also called “pixel tags”) are small strings of code placed on a web page or within an email for the purpose of transferring information. We and our web analytics provider may employ web beacons placed on the pages of our website to help us learn things such as what kinds of users our website attract, which lyrics most interest our users, and what kinds of content our users like to see. Web beacons are also used to aggregate your data across communities through Gadgets.   


With respect to mobile devices, we use GPS technology to provide and associate location-based information to the songs you listen to.   


**what about other websites, services and communities?**   


Please be aware that when you are using the Service or our website, you could be directed via hyperlinks or other means to third-party websites, services and online communities that are not affiliated with TuneWiki. These websites, services and online communities may send their own cookies to visitors, collect data or solicit your Personal Information. The privacy policies of these websites, services and online communities may be very different from this Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other websites, services and online communities and cannot guarantee the security of any of your Personal Information collected, used or shared there.    


**what is your policy regarding children?**   


You must be 13 or older to use TuneWiki; we do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database. If you are between 13 and 17, you agree that you received your parent or legal guardian’s consent to use and access TuneWiki.    


**what about international users?**   


TuneWiki is controlled, operated and administered by us from our offices and servers located within the United States. We make no representation that TuneWiki is appropriate or available for use at other locations outside of the United States or that our collection, use or sharing of data complies with the laws of foreign jurisdictions. If you access or use TuneWiki from a location outside of the United States, you are solely responsible for complying with all local laws. ****   


© 2008 TuneWiki, Inc. All rights reserved.
