> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the internationaldelight.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-10-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061013093800id_/http%3A//www.internationaldelight.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# International Delight Coffee Creamer - Delight in Every Cup

  


WhiteWave Foods Company, a subsidiary of Dean Foods, Inc., strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, WhiteWave Foods Company is dedicated to protecting our customers', consumers' and online visitors' privacy on our Web site. 

Personal Information  
WhiteWave Foods Company collects personal information from the visitors to our Web site only on a voluntary basis. Personal information collected on a voluntary basis may include, among other things, name, postal address, e-mail address, company name, and telephone number. This information is collected if you request information from us, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, or sign up to join our e-mail list. The information collected is internally reviewed, used to improve the content of our Web site, notify our visitors of updates, and respond to visitor inquiries. Once information is reviewed, it is discarded or stored in our files. Personal information received from any visitor will be used only for internal purposes and will not be sold or provided to third parties. If you have already provided this information and do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-mail to us at the address listed below.  
This Web site is directed to adults; it is not directed to children under the age of 13. We operate our site in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, and will not knowingly collect or use personal information from anyone under 13 years of age.  
If you supply us with your postal address online, you will receive only the information which you requested. We do not sell or provide your postal address to third parties. If you do not wish to receive mailings from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-mail to us at the address below and providing us with your name and postal address. We will use our commercially reasonable efforts to remove your name and address from future mailings.

Non-Personal Information  
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally identifiable. For example, our Web site may automatically recognize the domain name of the Web site, or the advertisement, which you clicked-through to reach our site (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account), but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web site. The information collected is used solely for internal review and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.  
WhiteWave Foods Company may use "cookie" technology to obtain non-personal information from our online visitors in order to improve your online experience. "Cookies" are small data files that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. They may contain information, such as a user ID, that the Web site can use to track users' progress through the Web site, but any personal information contained within any "cookie" can only be supplied voluntarily by you. The "cookie" enables us to track the total number of visitors to our site, the popularity of various areas of our site, and the length of the visits in an aggregate form (as one of a group, your individual personal information is not singled out). No personal information is extracted in this process. We do not contact you nor do we provide this information to third parties. "Cookies" allow us to update and improve our site.

Release of Information  
In order to improve our business, we may buy or sell a company, or one or more of the companies in our corporate family may merge with or be acquired by another company. If we sell a business, we would probably transfer some or all of your information as a part of the sale, in order that the service being provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice, through our Web site, of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make of us.  
We may also release information when we believe it is necessary and appropriate to comply with applicable laws or to protect the rights, property or safety of WhiteWave Foods Company, our employees, customers, Web site visitors, or others.

Links to Third Party Web Sites  
This Web site contains "links" to other sites. We try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy. However, we cannot be responsible for the content or privacy practices employed by other sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of these Web sites before disclosing any personal information.

Contacting Us  
WhiteWave Foods Company is dedicated to protecting the privacy of our customers, consumers and online visitors. We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personal information provided to us on our Web site. It is also provided to instruct you on what to do if you want personal information that you have already provided to us removed from our records. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will indicate on our site that our privacy practices have changed and provide a link to the new privacy policy. We will seek to obtain written or active email consent from you if we are going to be using the information collected from you in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection. We will also post the changes in our privacy policy 30 days prior to a change, where practicable.

If you have submitted personal information through our Web site or interactive advertisement, and would like that information deleted from our records or would like to update or correct that information, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20061013093800id_/http%3A//www.internationaldelight.com/contactus.php).
