> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the interest.co.nz privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180223230719id_/https%3A//www.interest.co.nz/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | interest.co.nz

Thank you for using  interest.co.nz. Nothing on this site constitutes personal advice of any kind. It is generalised information. By using this site, you are agreeing to the following:

This information is provided as a guide only. Although we believe it to be accurate, only the financial institution listed can provide you with full information. Do not sign any document without taking proper advice from a professional and competent person you trust.

All rates listed are before income taxes and withholdings and are Indicative only. Check with the institution before investing or borrowing.

You may view, copy, and print the contents of this site for your personal use only, but may not do so for any commercial purpose without explicit written consent from JDJL Limited (JDJL).

The coding of interest.co.nz web pages is considered intellectual property by JDJL, the publisher, and will be protected under intellectual property rights law.

All brand owners own the copyright to their brand(s).

The content format of interest.co.nz web pages is (c) copyrighted 1999-2017 by JDJL. All rights are reserved, and content may not be duplicated, redistributed, or mirrored without the express written consent of JDJL, unless explicitly stated otherwise.

Logos and original art are copyrighted. All rights reserved.

Our web pages may contain digital signatures to protect our rights under the law.

To find out more about co-branding service, please [**contact us**](https://www.interest.co.nz/feedback).

We provide this free service to consumers on an 'as-is' basis without representation to accuracy or suitability for any particular purpose. JDJL uses its best efforts to provide reliable information. All information is either sourced from the public domain or is provided by the financial institution named, and JDJL is not responsible for any defects, the results of any defects of this site, or any lost profit or income or consequential damages that may result. Always contact the listed financial institution directly to confirm all information before you invest or borrow.

Only the financial institution can give you confirmed, accurate information. Do not sign any document without taking professional, competent advice from a person you trust.

We have made all reasonable efforts to keep the information on this site as accurate as possible and ensure that the availability of the site is continuous and fault-free, but we are dependent on access to public domain information, and/or co-operation of the companies listed, and there are risks - outside our control - that information may be recorded incorrectly at the site or omitted from it or that the site may not be available. Neither the publisher, JDJL, or anyone else engaged in providing this site or compiling information for it, accepts any liability for inaccuracies or any loss or damage which may directly or indirectly result from use of the site or any error at or ommission of information from it irrespective of the cause.

We may collect and store information about the way this site is used. This may include sending a 'cookie' to your computer which identifies your computer uniquely but does not identify you personally. We will not collect, store or use any information about you personally except as provided by you and only to the extent necessary to provide information requested by you. If you wish to access or request correction of personal information, please [**contact us**](https://www.interest.co.nz/feedback).

**More on Cookies, and Tracking**

We may collect non-personal information about the computer, mobile telephone, smartphone or other device that you use to access our products or services. Where you allow our mobile services and products to deliver content based on your location (by enabling this feature on your mobile device) we may collect location data. This information is used only for the automated delivery of relevant content to you and for no other purpose.

We may use a cookie file containing information that can identify the computer you are working from. The cookie file is anonymous as it only gives us details of your IP address, PC platform (Windows, Linux or OS X), Browser (e.g. Internet Explorer, Google Chrome, or other, plus the version of Browser) and domain (whether you are accessing the site from NZ or elsewhere). We may use the information generated by "cookies" to:

1\. track traffic patterns to and from our sites such as the pages you visit, and referring pages.

2\. ensure advertising is being shown to the most appropriate person and limit the frequency of display for certain ad formats; and

3\. enable you to use certain services as a member without having to log on each time and to visit member-restricted areas of the site.

We may allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you and other Internet users visit our websites. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) and precise geo location and user device identification during your visits to this site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or other technology to collect this information. To learn more about this interest based advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit  **[networkadvertising.org](http://networkadvertising.org/)**. Third party companies may also use your non-personal information collected in this way in aggregated form or for statistical purposes.

You can choose to refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use our website, but you may need them for customisable areas of sites we may develop in the future. If your cookies are turned off we will not have any control over the frequency of display of certain ad formats. This could affect your reading experience. Visit  **[http://www.aboutcookies. org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/)** for a comprehensive guide on how to control and delete cookies on a wide range of web browsers and operating systems.

We may modify or update or change these conditions from time to time with or without notice to you. Amendments will come into effect as soon as they are posted. You are responsible for reviewing these and will be taken as accepting the then current conditions each time you choose to use the site.

This site and these conditions are governed by and to be interpreted in accordance with the laws of New Zealand. The New Zealand courts will have exclusive jurisdiction.

You can contact JDJL by clicking [**here**](https://www.interest.co.nz/feedback).
