> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the internetweekny.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-03-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090329111444id_/http%3A//staging.internetweekny.com/home/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Internet Week New York - June 1-8, 2009 - Privacy Policy

## Privacy Policy

### What information do we collect? How do we use it?

We collect information from you only when you sign up to receive it. You can opt to receive email and/or paper mail. If you select it, we will also provide your email to partners hosting events you may like to attend, according to the areas of interest you indicate. Of course, at any time, you may opt out by unsubscribing via the link at the bottom of the email.

### Will Internet Week NY disclose the information it collects to outside parties?

Internet Week NY does not sell or share your personal information to others. If you indicate an interest in our email sign-up, we do allow our partners to provide you with news and special offers. However, we do not share your personal information with our partners and maintain control of your information at all times. If at any time you choose not to receive such notifications you may do so by sending your request to: info[at]internetweekny[dot]com or simply unsubscribe from the link at the bottom of the email.

Internet Week NY may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.

### What information do our partners collect?

Generally, partners will collect information from you when you RSVP for one of their events. Any information they request, beyond what they deem necessary for your attendance at an event, is optional. Internet Week NY and the International Academy of Digital Arts & Sciences holds all event partners to the highest standards of best practices.

### How can you edit your personal information?

You may change your personal information at any time by emailing info[at]internetweekny[dot]com.

### What about cookies?

A cookieв a small text file placed on a user's hard drive, is generated by a software application on a site's server. We use temporary session cookies to assign to you and store a SessionID on all secure pages. These cookies allow you to move uninterrupted between areas of our secure site. This SessionID is not personally identifiable to you and this type of cookie does not leave any retrievable information on your hard drive. We also use a third party service provider to collect non-personally identifiable IP addresses and entry-point and search form information to monitor the number of visitors to the site and the usage of our site. This is done through the use of both permanent and session cookies.

We use a session cookie on our site to determine whether or not you are accepting cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can still use most of the features on the site.

### Your consent

By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of information by Internet Week NY as stated herein. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

### Your thoughts?

Internet Week NY welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. To contact us, please send email to info[at]internetweekny[dot]com. You will receive a confirmation from us via email within 2 business days of receipt of your email.
