> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the intercallonline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060618193843id_/http%3A//www.intercall.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

****

InterCall, Inc. ("InterCall") is a leading provider of audio and Web conferencing services. We have developed this Web site (the "InterCall Site") to provide you with access to these services. We understand your need for privacy when using the Web for your communication. This policy discloses InterCall's practices with respect to the collection, use and disclosure of user information collected through the InterCall Site and through your use of InterCall services.

**1\. NOTICE.** In connection with the operation of the InterCall site we will ask you to provide us with information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you ("Personal Information") when, among other things, you register on the InterCall Site, use one of our services, fill out a survey, make a request for information, or enter a sweepstakes or contest through the InterCall Site. We will use the Personal Information that you provide us in these circumstances to operate the InterCall Site, to provide, deliver, bill and collect for services to satisfy InterCall’s legitimate business interests, such as customer analysis and internal marketing study and analysis, and to provide information that you request from the InterCall Site ("Primary Use"). Unless you instruct us not to do so, InterCall may also use the Personal Information that you provide us to contact you regarding additional or new services and features offered by InterCall, special offers by InterCall, or important information regarding InterCall ("InterCall Secondary Use"). In addition, with your permission, we may provide your Personal Information to other companies who may contact you regarding products, services, and offers that may be of interest to you, but that are not directly related to InterCall or the InterCall Site ("Third Party Secondary Use").

InterCall may provide Personal Information to vendors that assist InterCall in processing the information. InterCall requires such vendors to enter into agreements with InterCall prohibiting disclosure of the information to others and restricting its use to providing the contracted services of InterCall.

**2\. CHOICE.** As we noted above in Section 1, we will not use your Personal Information for any Third Party Secondary Uses unless you affirmatively choose to participate in such Secondary Uses. You may also stop the delivery of informational or promotional mail from us by following the instructions included in the informational or promotional mail itself.

**3\. ACCESS.** When you register to use any of the services offered by InterCall, InterCall will send you a confirmation of your registration showing the Personal Information that we obtained from your registration. Also, we will take reasonable steps to give you the opportunity to correct inaccuracies in the Personal Information we retain concerning you and delete Personal Information concerning you upon your request.

**4\. SECURITY.** The Personal Information that we collect from you is stored in operating environments that employ reasonable security measures and that are not available to the general public.  InterCall is not responsible for unauthorized access to such information by hackers or others that obtain access through illegal measures, in the absence of negligence on the part of InterCall. Further, the other sites that you may access through the InterCall Site may have different security practices and you should familiarize yourself with those practices.

You are responsible for the confidentiality and security of passwords that InterCall issues to you. If you believe that a third party has obtained your password in an unauthorized manner, please notify us promptly.

**5\. COMPLAINTS.** If at any time you believe that we have acted contrary to this Privacy Policy, please notify us by email at [ webmaster@intercall.com](mailto:webmaster@intercall.com) and we will takes steps to investigate and will use reasonable measures to remedy the problem.

**6\. DISCLOSURE FOR LEGAL PURPOSES.** We may disclose Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary: (a) to conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, (b) to protect and defend our rights or property or those of our users, (c) to protect the personal safety of our users or the public, or (d) in connection with a merger, consolidation or sale of substantial assets of InterCall. As we continue to develop our business, we might buy or sell assets related to our business. In such transactions Personal Information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the event that InterCall or substantially all of its assets are acquired, Personal Information will be one of the transferred assets.

**7\. ANONYMOUS INFORMATION.** Please understand that, in addition to collecting Personal Information, InterCall will also gather information that does not personally identify you regarding your use of the InterCall Site ("Anonymous Information"). The Anonymous Information that we collect regarding your use of the InterCall Site may be used by us to measure the effectiveness of marketing efforts on the InterCall Site, for improving the services we offer to you, to improve the InterCall Site, or to share with third parties for other purposes. For example, we might use this Anonymous Information to inform our advertisers how many users visited a particular advertisement, and for how long, so they can measure whether the advertisement was effective. Generally, you will not be aware when such Anonymous Information is being collected about you - it may be collected in various ways, such as through traffic data or direct surveys of our customers and may entail the use of, among other things, cookies, IP addresses, or other numeric codes used to identify the computer or other device used to access our site.

**8\. COOKIES.** We use cookies to provide you with better service. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies can make the Web more useful by storing information about your preferences for a particular site. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and many major Web sites use them to provide useful features for their customers. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of the functionality of the InterCall Site or services if you do so.

**9\. VENTURING OFF THE INTERCALL SITE.** The InterCall Site may contain banner advertisements and hyperlinks that can take you to Web sites run by other third parties ("Third-Party Sites"). Any hypertext or other links to third party Web sites from the InterCall Site are provided solely as a convenience to you. If you use these links, you will leave the InterCall site. InterCall has not reviewed all of these third party sites and does not control and is not responsible for any of these sites or their content or practices. Thus, InterCall does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software, or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to the InterCall site, you do this entirely at your own risk.

**Remember, this Privacy Policy only applies to the InterCall Site. When you are no longer on the InterCall Site, you may encounter different privacy and security practices and you should familiarize yourself with those practices each time you visit a new site.**

**10\. MODIFICATIONS.** InterCall reserved the right to modify the Privacy Policy at any time. Please review the Privacy Policy each time you use the InterCall Site or the Services, as your continued use of the InterCall Site and the Services signifies your assent to such modifications.

**11\. CONTACT US.** If at any time you believe that InterCall has not followed the above policy, or if you would like your information deleted from our system, please contact us via email at [ webmaster@intercall.com](mailto:webmaster@intercall.com).

 
