> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the intellicomdevelopment.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060620021053id_/http%3A//intellicomdevelopment.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# :: Intellicom Development - Privacy Policy :: Our vision starts where other stop

| Intellicom Development - Privacy Policy  
   
---  
* We recognize and respect your desire for privacy. We attempt to protect online information according to established company security standards and practices, and we continually evaluate new technologies for safeguarding information. You may have the opportunity to provide information to us through online surveys and forms. We use this information to better understand your needs and to provide quality products, services and other opportunities. intellicom development wants your visit to our website to be informative and enjoyable. We plan to use any information we obtain from you to help us continually improve the content, functionality and overall usefulness of our Web site.
* Please use your own best judgment when sending information via the Internet to an email address. Email sent via the Internet may pass through private and public networks with varying levels of security. Some networks may have taken steps to secure email transmissions while others have not, thereby compromising the privacy and integrity of an e-mail. An email may be copied, altered or destroyed. We preserve the content of your email, your email address and our response so that we can efficiently respond to questions you might have. We also do this in an effort to meet legal and regulatory requirements 
* We may use Internet Cookies on this site to remember the information you provide during a session. The information is to be retained only for that particular session so you don't have to reenter it as you progress. 
* If you do provide personal information, such as an email, telephone or fax number, or other identifying information, we do not plan to disclose it without your consent. We will plan to maintain this information, as well as any other transactions, according to our usual security and confidentiality standards. 
* Evolving technology will continue to provide us with new and better ways to collect and use information so that we may better serve your needs. We may revise or update this Statement in the future to reflect these technological advances, and we encourage you to return to this page from time to time for any updates. 
* Intellicom Development will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how Intellicom Development or its Licensees will use your personally identifiable information, Intellicom Development will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. Intellicom Development encourage you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how we our protecting your information.
* If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please feel free to contact us at anytime.  
 
