> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the interactivebrokers.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051214153829id_/http%3A//www.interactivebrokers.com/en/accounts/legalDocuments/privacy.php%3Fib_entity%3Duk) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Interactive Brokers Group Privacy Statement

  


The Interactive Brokers Group does not sell or license information about Interactive Brokers customers to third parties, nor do we sell customer lists or customer e-mail addresses to third-party marketers.  
At IB, we understand that the confidentiality and security of the personal information that you have shared with us is important to you. That's why we have developed specific policies and practices that are designed to protect the privacy of your personal information. By opening an account with IB or by utilizing the products and services that are available through IB, you have consented to the collection and use of your personal information in accordance with the privacy policy set forth below. We encourage you to read this privacy statement carefully.   
In order to provide brokerage services and in compliance with regulatory requirements, IB collects certain personal, non-public information from you. This includes information that you provide during the IB account application process (e.g., your name, e-mail address, telephone number, birth date, social security number, investment objectives, etc.), and acquired as a result of the transactions you conduct through the IB system. We safeguard the confidentiality of your information in a number of ways. For example:

  * We do not sell or license lists of our customers or the personal, non-public information that you provide to us.
  * We restrict access to the personal, non-public information that you have shared with us to those IB employees, agents, and affiliates who need to know such information in connection with the services that IB provides to you.
  * We maintain strict employment policies that prohibit employees who have access to your personal, non-public information from using or disclosing such information except for business purposes.
  * We take substantial precautions to safeguard your personal, nonpublic information. For example, the IB system can be accessed only by authorized IB personal via valid user names and passwords. In addition, our Internet-based systems include security measures such as encryption and firewalls.   
IB uses the personal, nonpublic information that we collect from you to service your account (e.g., to qualify you for trading the products and using the services available through the IB system and to execute and confirm your IB transactions). In doing so, we may share such information with our employees, agents, and affiliates.



IB also collects and uses information acquired from "cookies." "Cookies" are bits of textual information that are sent electronically from a web server to your browser and are stored on your computer. They do not identify you individually nor do they contain personal information about you, unless you have identified yourself or provided the information by, for example, opening an account or registering for an on-line service. IB may use cookies to measure and identify website traffic patterns and to track the performance of web features and advertisements. By providing IB with a better understanding of how you and others use IB's websites and other web services, cookies enable IB to improve the navigation and functionality of its websites and to present the most useful information and offers to you. IB may share information obtained from cookies with its employees, agents and affiliates, but does not sell such information to unaffiliated third parties. IB may permit other companies or their third party ad servers to set cookies on your browser when you visit an IB website. Such companies generally use these cookies as we do.

We do not disclose personal, nonpublic information to individuals or entities that are not affiliated with IB, except as provided by law. For example, among other reasons we may disclose or report such information: where necessary to authorize, effect, administer, or enforce transactions that you request or authorize; to maintain and administer your account; to provide you with account confirmations, statements and records; to maintain appropriate archival records; where we believe that disclosure is required by applicable law, rules or regulations; to cooperate with law enforcement or regulatory or self-regulatory organizations; to enforce our customer and other agreements; to meet our obligations, or to protect our rights and property.

Finally, if you choose to subscribe to any of the Trader's Toolbox suite of third-party services that are provided through the IB website, we may disclose such information to the service providers as necessary for them to provide the services that you have requested. IB requires these service providers to enter into confidentiality agreements with IB that limit their use of the information that they receive. Such agreements prohibit the service provider from using IB customer information that they receive other than to carry out the purposes for which the information was disclosed. If you have any questions about these policies, please contact the IB Customer Service Department at [help@interactivebrokers.uk.co](mailto:help@interactivebrokers.uk.co) . 
