> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the internetvideoarchive.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140521002551id_/http%3A//www.internetvideoarchive.com/internet-video-archive-terms-of-use-and-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Internet Video Archive | Internet Video Archive Privacy Policy

Internet Video Archive wants you to know and understand what information we collect and how we use it.

  1. **Non-Personally Identifiable Information** IVA uses cookies to collect some information automatically whenever someone views video, still images, data, (“Content”) we serve including the type of browser, the URL of the referral site, the web pages visited, the length of time on the site, the type of device used to view the site. This information is used in aggregate to help determine the amount and nature of traffic on our network as well as to target sponsor messages.
  2. **Personally Identifiable Information** Personally Identifiable Information includes your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, login ID, member name, and password. All of this information is provided by you voluntarily, to the site you are visiting. If you provide such information directly to IVA, we use it only in the course of dealing with prospective business users of our services and Content. IVA does not deal directly with the public. Businesses that use our services and Content are responsible for their own terms and conditions and privacy policies.
  3. **Opting Out of Communications** Every issue of our business newsletters contains an ‘unsubscribe’ box allowing recipients to easily unsubscribe to the newsletter. Clients can manage communications from us via their Subscriber Profile on our site or contact us by email if they wish to change the communications they receive from us.
  4. **Selling or Renting User Information** Information IVA does not sell user identifiable information, including email address to any third parties. We may share information with a third party in order to accomplish limited objectives. For example, winners of contests and sweepstakes may occasionally have contact information sent to a third party for prize fulfillment. We may notify the sponsor of a contest as to the name of the winner, and winners may occasionally be contacted to verify that they have received their prize. We may use user information to contact users from time to time in order to improve our services by using a third party research company.
  5. **Advertisers** Some Content delivery is supported by advertising which means that we allow third-party ad servers and ad networks to serve advertisements with our Content. IVA and these companies send cookies to a user’s cookie file which is intended to enable serving ads tailored to the interests of the user. Third-party ad servers are only authorized to employ anonymous cookies for ad delivery and anonymous targeting. Third-party ad servers do not collect, nor do we give them access to any personally identifying information about users. You can opt out of behavioral advertising by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>. 
  6. **Security  ** InternetVideoArchive employs measures designed to keep the Content secure, but you should be advised that the Internet and other networking media are never entirely secure, and your information may therefore be subject to interception or loss beyond our control. IVA assumes no responsibility or liability for disclosure of your identification due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access, or other causes beyond our reasonable control.



Copyright VideoDetective.com, 2014. All Rights Reserved
