> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the intrapromote.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-01-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190128195048id_/https%3A//leadtoconversion.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Lead to Conversion

This Privacy Policy was last modified on July 25, 2018.  
****

**LEAD TO CONVERSION LLC** (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates leadtoconversion.com (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site and to contact potential customers who have requested such contact. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

With respect to applicable laws, this privacy policy also will alert you to any particular and additional information and rights you have pursuant to the General Data Protection Regulation effective 25 May 2018 (“GDPR”) that are applicable to information that Lead To Conversion LLC may collect from you (or “Personal Data” under GDPR) if you are located in the European Union GDPR. Under GDPR you are defined as a “Data Subject” and Lead To Conversion LLC is a “Data Controller” for Personal Data that Lead To Conversion LLC obtains and “Processes” pursuant to this policy.

 **This policy applies to information we collect on the Sites:** Under GDPR, this policy also applies to Personal Data to the extent that you as a Data Subject under GDPR provide that Personal Data to or it is collected from you on the MWS APIs with Lead To Conversion LLC In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and the Sites. Through mobile and desktop applications you download from the Sites or in connection with the Services, which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and the Sites. From third parties, whether they are partners or vendors. Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your only recourse is not to use our Sites or Services. By accessing or using the Sites or Services, you agree to this privacy policy.

###  **Children Under the Age of 13**

Our Sites are not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Sites. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on the Sites or on or through any of its features/register on the Sites, make any purchases through the Sites, use any of the interactive or public comment features of the Sites, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at [info@leadtoconversion.com](mailto:info@leadtoconversion.com).

###  **GDPR Lawful Bases for Processing Personal Data of Data Subjects**

Under GDPR, **Lead To Conversion LLC** may only Process the Personal Data of a Data Subject lawfully if Lead To Conversion LLC has at least one of six lawful bases for Processing the Personal Data. Currently under this version of the privacy policy, Lead To Conversion LLC relies on at least one of the following legal bases to process Personal Data under GDPR: In order to perform pursuant to one or more legal agreements (contracts) with you, With your consent, and Pursuant to a Legitimate Interest, in which Lead To Conversion LLC considers the purpose it has for Processing your Personal Data, whether the Processing is necessary for that Purpose, and whether your own personal interests as a Data Subject outweigh Lead To Conversion LLC purpose in Processing your Personal Data. (As a reminder, if you are not a Data Subject providing your Personal Data to Lead To Conversion LLC from within the European Union, GDPR does not apply to you.)

###  **Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It**

We collect several types of information from and about users of our Sites and Services, including information: By which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, email address, or telephone number (“personal information”); That is about you but individually does not identify you, such as your company name, web site address, and job title; and/or about your Internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Sites, and usage details. (Under GDPR, **Lead To Conversion LLC** collects Personal Data from Data Subjects from within the EU, and Personal Data is considered to be broader and to include more categories of information than how we generally refer to “personal information” in this policy. We will be specific when we are discussing GDPR and activities we undertake related to Personal Data under GDPR.)

 **We may collect this information:** Directly from you when you provide it to us. Amazon Marketplace Web Services API. Amazon Advertising API. Automatically as you navigate through the site using cookies and other tracking technologies defined and discussed with more detail below. Information collected automatically may include usage details, email address, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies. From third parties, for example, our business partners and third-party service providers who we believe in good faith are providing or sharing with us data in compliance with applicable laws or with whom you have authorized either these third parties or us or both to collect and use the data.

###  **Information You Provide to Us**

Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Sites. This includes without limitation information provided at the time of subscribing to the Services, requesting information from us, and when you report a problem with our Sites. Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us. Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes. Details of transactions you carry out through our Sites and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Sites. Your search queries on the Sites. Information you enter into our Sites about your marketing activities so that we can provide Services to you. You also may provide information to be published, displayed, or transmitted (hereinafter “posted”) on public areas of the Sites, or transmitted to other users of the Sites or third parties (collectively, “Interactive Content”). Your Interactive Content is posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk; we cannot control the actions of other users of the Sites with whom you may choose to share your Interactive Content. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that Interactive Content will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.

###  **Usage Details, IP Addresses, Cookies, and Other Technologies**

As you navigate through and interact with our Sites and Services, we may automatically collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including without limitation: Details of your visits to our Sites, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Sites. Information about your computer and Internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type. The information we collect automatically is statistical data and does not identify any individual*. It helps us to improve our Sites and Services and to deliver better and more personalized future services by enabling us to do things such as: Estimate our audience size and usage patterns. Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Sites according to your individual interests. Speed up user searches. Recognize you when you return to our Sites. Provide better services in the future. (*The information referred to above may still constitute Personal Data under GDPR even though more generally **Lead To Conversion LLC** does not try to identify any individuals beyond recognizing them when they return to the Sites in order to provide and/or to enhance the experience described in ii. to v. above; however, to the extent this information is not anonymized or pseudonymized to the extent that it no longer qualifies as Personal Data, Lead To Conversion LLC will comply with GDPR with respect to Processing any such Personal Data.)

 **The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:** Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Sites. We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us. However, to the extent the information we collect by automatic means constitutes Personal Data under GDPR either before or after we collect it, our processing of that Personal Data will comply with GDPR.

###  **How We Use Your Information**

We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information: To present our Sites and their content to you. To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us. To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it. To provide you with notices about your subscriptions to the Services, including expiration and renewal notices. To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection. To notify you about changes to our Sites or any products or services we offer or provide though it. To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Sites. In any other way we may describe when you provide the information. For any other purpose with your consent. We never sell your personal information or provide it to others for their own and exclusive marketing purposes.

###  **Data Security**

We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology. The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Sites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Sites like message boards. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Sites.

###  **Retention of Personal Data Under GDPR and Other Applicable Laws**

We only retain your personal information/Personal Data for as long as is necessary for us to use your information as described above or to comply with our legal obligations and legitimate interests. Please be advised that this means that we may retain some of your personal information/Personal Data after you cease to use our Services. For instance, we may retain your data as necessary to meet our legal obligations, such as for tax and accounting purposes. Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Sites or via our Services. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Sites or via the Services.

###  **Changes To This Privacy Policy**

 **Lead To Conversion LLC** may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.

###  **Contact Us**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [info@leadtoconversion.com](mailto:info@leadtoconversion.com).
