> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the inttra.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081217153649id_/http%3A//www.inttra.com/home/Pages/Legal/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# INTTRA Privacy and Security Policy

## Updated January 10, 2007

This Privacy and Security Policy applies to all data and information INTTRA may obtain about You, once You have used the INTTRA system.  It should be read in conjunction with the INTTRA Legal Terms and Conditions (“Legal Terms and Conditions”) and all defined terms in that agreement have the same meaning in this Privacy and Security Policy. 

This document provides INTTRA’s current policy with regard to "Personally Identifiable Information" (“PII”).  PII is non-public information identifiable with any particular named natural person.  PII is collected by INTTRA through the Portal, by e-mail correspondence, through third parties, or by any other means.  In addition to disclosure to third parties as indicated below, the information You provide will be used by INTTRA and its affiliates to contact You regarding Your inquiries and to otherwise operate the Portal.

INTTRA and/or its affiliates may use PII, and monitor Portal activity generally, for other business purposes including marketing, to collect information on how the Portal is used, and the volume and frequency of access, so that we may improve the Portal and make recommendations to third parties to improve the Services.  INTTRA does not provide Your PII to third parties unless authorized by You, without Your express prior consent, except as permitted under this Privacy and Security Policy or under the Legal Terms and Conditions.  While aggregate or other information not identifiable with any particular named natural person may be used or disclosed for other purposes and to other parties as deemed appropriate by INTTRA, INTTRA limits access to the participant's PII to the parties described herein.

PII obtained by INTTRA about You may be transmitted by INTTRA to third parties for the purposes of operating the Portal and for the marketing and/or provision of third party services. This is true even though a subsequent shipment may have been arranged through channels independent of INTTRA.  All of the third parties offering information/Services through the Portal may receive Your PII.  In addition, information about particular shipments and PII relevant to such shipments may be accessed by or transmitted to those arranging to have goods shipped by carriers and by others involved with such shipments, as well as by all parties named on the relevant bill of lading for that shipment, by any other parties You have named as being authorized to access the data, and as otherwise provided in this policy.  You acknowledge that INTTRA is not responsible for information or data in the possession of such third parties regardless of how such data was obtained. Please consult the privacy policies of these third parties to learn how they may use or disclose Your information. You may be contacted directly by an individual carrier. Without limitation of any provision in the Legal Terms and Conditions, INTTRA assumes no responsibility for, nor shall in any way be liable for any loss of information or data nor for, any improper use or disclosure of data resulting from any third party's unauthorized access to, use of, or alteration of confidential data or information provided to INTTRA by You. 

Additionally, INTTRA may disclose any information, including PII, in the following circumstances: 

  * In connection with a subpoena or similar legal process, to satisfy a port, state or customs security initiative, reports to, or responses to requests by,  government authorities, or where disclosure is otherwise permitted or required by law. 
  * To companies that provide technical services to us, such as data processing companies only when such companies are bound to confidentiality with INTTRA. In no way is a participating carrier recognized as a company that provides technical services to INTTRA. 
  * In connection with an audit or other examination. 
  * Where necessary to protect the interests of INTTRA, the public, or other participants in the shipments tracked on the Portal, for example, in the event of suspected fraud or illegal activity. 
  * Where we deem it useful in connection with disputes or litigation. 
  * Where the customer has consented to or requested disclosure. 



While no security procedures are fool-proof, INTTRA maintains procedures to minimize the risk of unauthorized access to the data transmitted to and from, presented, and stored by INTTRA. However, INTTRA shall not be responsible or liable for any damages or losses arising directly or indirectly from intrusion. You shall make commercially-reasonable efforts to ensure the secure transfer of all data across data networks. 

The PII we collect through the Portal is an asset of our business and in the event that INTTRA, or a portion of its assets, are acquired or become the subject of a merger, such information may be transferred with the business, or disclosed to potential acquirers or others involved in any such transaction.

INTTRA may also use temporary "cookies" which is data sent to Your Web browser and stored on Your hard drive. These cookies permit our server to identify You when You visit the INTTRA Web site in the future. Most Web browsers will allow You to be notified if a cookie is sent to You to enable You to decide if You want to accept it or not. Please be aware that if cookies are disabled on Your computer, all features/functions of the INTTRA Web site may not work properly. 

In addition, a cookie file may also be placed on your hard drive by INTTRA or third parties providing services to INTTRA, including advertising companies.  INTTRA and these companies may use data about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about transportation related goods and services that you may be interested in. 

When you use INTTRA Services, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a Web site (“Server Logs”). These Server Logs may include information such as your Web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. We may combine the information we obtain with information from other services or third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our Services and advertising. 

INTTRA may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our Service, search technology, customized content, advertising and other business purposes.  For example, when you click on a link displayed on INTTRA, the fact that you clicked on the link may be sent to INTTRA. In this way, INTTRA is able to record information about how you use our Web site and Services, and in order to calculate how much the advertiser should be charged.  In addition, clicking on the “Request for Carrier Contact” may result in your PII being sent to a third party, in order for the third party to contact You.  You can decline to submit PII, in which case INTTRA may not be able to provide certain Services to you.

Your use of the Portal, INTTRA-ACT or INTTRA-LINK and the terms of this Privacy and Security Policy are governed by the law of the State of New York. You represent and warrant that any data You provide to INTTRA is submitted in connection with transactions conducted for business purposes only. Access to and use of the Portal is subject to this Privacy and Security Policy and to the Legal Terms and Conditions. Access to and use of ant password-protected or secure areas of the Portal, INTTRA-ACT or INTTRA-LINK is restricted to authorized Users only. Unauthorized individuals attempting to access these areas of the Portal, INTTRA-ACT or INTTRA-LINK will be subject to prosecution. By accessing, browsing, downloading, generating, receiving or transmitting any data, information or messages via the Portal, INTTRA-ACT or INTTRA-LINK you hereby accept for Yourself and on Your company's behalf, without limitation or qualification, this Privacy and Security Policy and the INTTRA Legal Terms and Conditions. If you do not accept this Privacy and Security Policy and the INTTRA Legal Terms and Conditions, do not use the INTTRA website or Services.  INTTRA may at any time revise this Privacy and Security Policy, and You are bound by such revisions and should therefore periodically revisit this page for any changes to this Privacy and Security Policy.  Any changes to this policy may apply to data obtained prior to the date of the change.  In the event that we may feel it necessary to notify You of a breach of security relating to the INTTRA or related Websites, you agree that we may do so via a posting on the relevant Website(s), e-mail, or other means of communication.  

Please contact INTTRA Inc., Morris Corporate Center II, Building D, One Upper Pond Road, Parsippany, New Jersey, 07054 or [customers@inttra.com](mailto:customers@INTTRA.com) if You have any questions concerning the Privacy and Security Policy or the way INTTRA uses Your PII.
