> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the intuitivesurgical.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160627063324id_/http%3A//www.intuitivesurgical.com/company/legal/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Intuitive Surgical - Privacy

Intuitive Surgical is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. We understand the importance of privacy to our customers and visitors to our website. We collect and store information so that we can efficiently provide the products and services demanded by our customers. This Privacy Policy describes how we handle the personal information that you provide to us. 

Please be sure to read this Privacy Policy before using the Intuitive Surgical websites or submitting information to us. This Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time, so please check back periodically. Your use of this website is subject not only to this Privacy Policy, but also to this site's [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/company/legal/terms.html), [medical advice disclaimer](https://web.archive.org/company/legal/medical_advice_disclaimer.html), [training disclaimer](https://web.archive.org/company/legal/product_training_disclaimer.html), and the other documents linked from our [Legal page](https://web.archive.org/company/legal/). By accessing and using this website or any of our other websites through this website, and by providing us with your information, you consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. 

## Your Information

You may visit the Intuitive Surgical website without telling us who you are or revealing any information that would identify you to us. However, you may choose to provide Intuitive Surgical with information, including personally identifying information (such as your name, street or email address, phone number, or similar information) in many different ways. For example, you may contact us about questions you may have about our products and/or procedures, register to receive notices regarding Intuitive Surgical products or services, or use our "[Find a _da Vinci_](http://www.davincisurgeonlocator.com/)" surgeon tool. To protect your safety, you should not provide Intuitive Surgical with any personal information that is not specifically requested, such as your personal medical history. We will use the information you provide to provide our services to you, to communicate with you, or to further personalize your experience on our site. Personal identifying information is used only for our legitimate business interests, including complying with applicable laws and regulations; to protect or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to protect the operation of our websites and other properties. We may share your personal information with our affiliates, business partners, service providers, actual or potential acquirers, and other limited and carefully screened third parties. We may also provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, online traffic patterns and related information to reputable third parties, but we will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that these statistics will not include any protected medical information or information that could be used to identify you. 

## Automatic Data Collection; Cookies

We automatically collect certain information to help us understand how you use our website. For example, each time you visit, we may automatically collect your IP address, browser type, browser, browser language and computer type, access time and date, the web page from which you came, and the web page(s) you access during your visit as well as other web server log files. This data is collected, in particular, to protect and enhance the website's operation. In particular, as a part of this collection process we may use "cookies" to store and sometimes track information about our online customers and users. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies can make use of the web easier by saving status and preferences about a website. Some parts of our website where you are prompted to log-in or that are customizable may require that you accept cookies. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to find out the identity of any user. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies but users of most browsers may change the setting to refuse cookies or to be alerted when cookies are being sent. 

While your browser may also allow you to send a "do not track" signal when you visit our website, we do not modify our practices in response to this signal. We will continue to comply with this Privacy Policy in any event. 

## Third-Party Web Beacons

We use third-party web beacons from Piwik, Google and GetClicky to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Piwik, Google and GetClicky may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used, please visit the individual sites: [Piwik](http://www.piwik.org/), [Google](http://www.google.com/analytics/) and [GetClicky](http://www.clicky.com/). 

## Security

We have implemented reasonable measures to help protect information you submit to us from loss, misuse, or unauthorized access or disclosure. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet is certain to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect this information, we cannot guarantee its security. 

## Disclosure

By providing Intuitive Surgical with your personal identifying information, you grant Intuitive Surgical and its affiliates and subsidiaries the right to use this information for reasonable business purposes and in a manner consistent with the policies of Intuitive Surgical and applicable state and federal laws. Information provided to Intuitive Surgical by you is not subject to the privacy rule promulgated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) but may be subject to the requirements of privacy laws or regulations adopted by your state of residence. We do not sell, rent or disclose your personal identifying information or medical information to any third party, except as described in this Privacy Policy. We may contract with reputable vendors to assist us in processing information or delivering the items that our customers order. These vendors are restricted from using or selling the information for any purpose, other than helping us to provide the products and services. Finally, if disclosure of any information is required by law or by an appropriate government authority, we will comply accordingly. 

## Children

We understand the need to protect children's privacy online (we define "children" as minors younger than 13 years of age). We do not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children. We do not knowingly allow children to register with us, order our products, communicate with us, or to use any of our online services. If you are a parent or guardian of a child and you become aware that he or she has provided us with personally identifying information without your consent, you should contact us at [webmaster@intusurg.com](mailto:webmaster@intusurg.com). If we become aware that a child has provided us with personally identifying information, we will delete this information from our records. 

## Your Control

You may have rights under applicable laws to receive a copy of the personal data in our possession about you. For a copy of your personal data or other information you are entitled to request, please contact us at webmaster@intusurg.com. We may charge you a nominal fee for complying with such a request, in accordance with the applicable law. In addition, you may have a right to request that personal data is corrected, blocked or deleted if the data is factually incorrect, incomplete or irrelevant for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. If you would like to modify or delete from our database any personal information you previously submitted to us, please submit your request to [webmaster@intusurg.com](mailto:webmaster@intusurg.com). 

You may, at any time, remove your personal identifying information from our current customer database. If you have submitted personal identifying information to Intuitive Surgical, and you wish to have it removed from our records, please email us at [webmaster@intusurg.com](mailto:webmaster@intusurg.com). Because we back up our databases regularly, we may retain archival copies of information you have requested that we remove until these backups are overwritten, but we will not make further use of this information. Note that we will retain any information you submit to us if we are required by law to do so. 

## Your Use

By using this website, you agree not to disrupt or intercept our electronic information posted on this website or on any of our servers. You also agree not to attempt to circumvent any security features of our website, and to abide by all applicable, local, state, federal and international laws. 

Serious complications may occur in any surgery, including _da Vinci_ ® Surgery, up to and including death. Examples of serious or life-threatening complications, which may require prolonged and/or unexpected hospitalization and/or reoperation, include but are not limited to, one or more of the following: injury to tissues/organs, bleeding, infection and internal scarring that can cause long-lasting dysfunction/pain. Risks of surgery also include the potential for equipment failure and/or human error. Individual surgical results may vary.

Risks specific to minimally invasive surgery, including _da Vinci_ Surgery, include but are not limited to, one or more of the following: temporary pain/nerve injury associated with positioning; temporary pain/discomfort from the use of air or gas in the procedure; a longer operation and time under anesthesia and conversion to another surgical technique. If your doctor needs to convert the surgery to another surgical technique, this could result in a longer operative time, additional time under anesthesia, additional or larger incisions and/or increased complications.

Patients who are not candidates for non-robotic minimally invasive surgery are also not candidates for da Vinci® Surgery. Patients should talk to their doctor to decide if _da Vinci_ Surgery is right for them. Patients and doctors should review all available information on non-surgical and surgical options in order to make an informed decision. For Important Safety Information, including surgical risks, indications, and considerations and contraindications for use, please also refer to [http://www.intuitivesurgical.com/safety](http://www.intuitivesurgical.com/safety/). Unless otherwise noted, all people depicted are models.

Product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective holders. 
