> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the intuit.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021203025949id_/http%3A//www.intuit.com/go2/footer_privacy_statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Intuit.com Privacy Statement

|   
| [](http://www.intuit.com/) |  |   
---|---|---  
|  |  |   
|   
[](http://www.intuit.com/)[](http://www.intuit.com/products_services/)[](http://www.intuit.com/support/)[](http://www.intuit.com/company/)[](http://www.intuitestore.com/store/home) |  |   
[Site Map](http://www.intuit.com/help/site_map.html) |   
|  |  |  |  |  |   
  | 

|  [Home](https://web.archive.org/)[Company](https://web.archive.org/company/)Intuit.com Privacy Statement   
---  
| **UPDATE:** On September 23, 2002, we updated the E-Mail Message Formatting section of this privacy statement. This update pertains to those who demonstrate interest in our e-mail offers by clicking on a link within the e-mail. We will note your interest when you click on the e-mail link. This information helps us provide more tailored offerings to you and is not shared outside Intuit. The full text of this update is available here.  
---  
  
[ ](https://www.truste.org/validate/8259)

At Intuit, we dedicate ourselves to revolutionizing the way individuals manage their financial lives and small businesses manage their business. In that effort, we respect and protect the privacy of those who visit or use our Web sites. When we collect information from you, we want you to know how it is used. To demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices, we have adopted leading industry privacy guidelines. Intuit is a Premier Sponsor of TRUSTe and a member of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. 

This privacy statement describes privacy aspects specific to the Intuit.com Web site and affiliated Intuit Web servers (referred to as the "Intuit.com Web site"). It serves as an adjunct to the [Intuit Online Privacy Policy](https://privacy.intuit.com/cpi/policy.jsp), which represents our general privacy philosophy and governs all of our Web sites. The Intuit Web site's privacy practices are consistent and compliant with that policy. 

Because of the financial nature of our business, our Web sites are not designed to appeal to children under the age of 13. Therefore, we don't knowingly attempt to solicit or receive any information from children. 

**Our Philosophy and Practices**

At Intuit, we want to give you the comfort and confidence you need to fully participate in our online offerings so that we can better serve your needs. Therefore, we would like to share with you the following principles that govern our information practices and other privacy aspects of our Web sites: 

  * We provide you notice of our Web site information practices.
    * Customer Service
    * Payroll Tax Services
    * Technical Support and Feedback
    * Investor Relations
    * Beta Testing
    * Intuit Developer Network
    * QuickBooks Solutions Marketplace
    * Intuit Construction Business Solutions
    * Intuit Public Sector Solutions
    * Intuit Real Estate Solutions
    * Intuit Distribution Management Solutions
    * Application for Employment with Intuit
    * More on Our General Information Practices
  * How and why we use Web technologies to manage our Web site.
  * We give you choices about how the personally identifiable information that you provide to us may be used.
  * We provide you the opportunity to update or correct your-personally identifiable information. 
  * We work to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration.
  * We provide you with various ways to contact us about our information practices and other aspects of privacy.



**WE PROVIDE YOU NOTICE OF OUR WEB SITE INFORMATION PRACTICES.**

To maximize the value of our services, we may request information from you when you visit our Web sites. We do not share your information with outside companies for their promotional use. Below we describe the information we collect and how it is used for specific services and features found on this site. 

  * **Customer Service Center**
    * **Order Status.** We offer you the ability to check on the status of your online, mail or telephone purchase of Intuit products. We request your order number or confirmation number and ZIP code to locate the order. Alternatively, if you do not have your order or confirmation number, you may look up the number by entering your last name and telephone number. 
    * **Contact Center.** You may make changes to a current online, mail, or telephone order for Intuit products through our [Customer Service Web pages](https://orderupdate.intuit.com/). For example, you may change your address information, update billing information, cancel an order, request a refund, or request replacement CDs or Disks. We ask for your name, address, e-mail, telephone number, product name and order number to process your request. In addition, if updating credit card information, we require your credit card number. The information you provide will only be used to process your request. 
  * **Payroll Tax Services**
    * **Tax Table Service**. Our Tax Table Service keeps your payroll tax tables current. To subscribe to the Tax Table Service, we ask that you provide your name, company name, address, telephone number and e-mail address. We also inquire as to how you heard about the service. We use this information to deliver updates on federal and state payroll taxes to you. Occasionally, we may contact you with product updates or special offers that may interest you. If you do not wish to receive these offers, simply indicate your contact preferences during the registration process or contact us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). 
    * **Basic Payroll Service**. The Basic Payroll Service replaces the Tax Table Service for QuickBooks 2000. Enrollment for the Basic Payroll Service online can only be accomplished through a registered version of the QuickBooks product. We ask you to provide your contact information, including your e-mail address and credit card information to purchase the service. We require your e-mail address so that we can quickly deliver service changes or update notices to you. We require the Employer Identification Number (EIN) for each company for which you wish to process payroll and cannot process your subscription without it. We use the EIN information as a unique identifier for providing the service, not for marketing purposes. Occasionally, we may contact you with product updates or special offers that may interest you. If you do not wish to receive these offers, simply indicate your contact preferences during the registration process or contact us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). 
    * **Deluxe Payroll Service**. You may request a customized quote or additional information regarding the Deluxe Payroll Service either by telephone or online. Should you use our online request form, we require you to provide your name, telephone number, best time to call, business name and address. Additionally, we ask for optional information regarding your business to better understand your needs. Occasionally, we may contact you with product updates or special offers that may interest you. If you do not wish to receive these offers, simply indicate your contact preferences during the registration process or contact us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). 
  * **Technical Support and Feedback**
    * **Technical Support Plan Enrollment.** Several support plans may be purchased directly from our Web site. We request your name, address, e-mail, telephone number and payment information. We use this information to register you with the support plan that you have selected. We may use this information to deliver newsletters, support bulletins, or other components of your support plan, to contact you for renewals of your support plan, and for other marketing purposes for this and other Intuit products. We may also make our name and address list available to select financial institutions that offer special services or promotions that may benefit you. If you do not wish to receive these offers, simply indicate your contact preferences during the registration process or contact us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). 
    * **Feedback on Intuit Products.** You may make product suggestions, submit bug reports or make other suggestions regarding various Intuit products through our Web site. We only require specific information regarding the product and the nature of the situation, such as your suggestion or bug report. You may include your name and contact information in your submission form, however, we are not able to respond to each submission. All submissions treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and, as such, may be published or used by Intuit, (without your personal information), for other purposes. 
    * **Contact Preferences.** You may update your contact preferences or submit a question or comment regarding Intuit's privacy policies or practices through our Web site located at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). We request your name and e-mail address to process your request or to respond to your question. 
    * **Submitting Questions.** You may ask us questions or provide feedback on Intuit policies and procedures through our Web site. We request your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address so that we may locate your account and respond to your inquiry. 
    * **Your Requests.** You may submit forms to inquire about the availability of Intuit executives to participate in industry analyst research and surveys or to serve as a speaker for your business event. We ask for your contact information, such as name, street address, phone number, and e-mail, should we need to reach you to discuss your request. As part of our review process, we also require additional background information about your specific request. 
  * **Investor Relations.** We offer shareholders the option of enrolling in our electronic delivery service to receive shareholder information, such as annual reports and proxy statements, online. You will be automatically notified by e-mail when annual meeting materials become available on the Internet. You will also be enabled to vote online. To enroll, we request your e-mail address, your Social Security number to locate your account, and a PIN number. You may update your account or cancel your enrollment at any time, by clicking on the appropriate link on the enrollment page. 
  * **Beta Testing Registration.** You may request to become a Beta tester for various Intuit products through our general sign up form. We ask you to submit your name, e-mail address, phone numbers, computer type, and your preferences on which Intuit product(s) you wish to test and the operating system you use. We will use this information to contact you and to request additional information to select you for one of our beta testing programs. Each of our Beta testing programs will require specific information from you as a tester and those requirements will be detailed as you are selected to test our products. At no time, will we share personally identifiable information collected as part of Beta Testing with third parties other than is necessary to test the product being reviewed. 
  * **Intuit Developer Network.** The Intuit Developer Network enables third-party software developers to learn more about development opportunities with Intuit, network with other developers, and take advantage of special developer support and beta release programs. We gather information from you at various times during your use of the Intuit Developer Network. Below we detail when we gather information, what information we gather, and how we use the information: 
    * **Registration**. To become a member of the Intuit Developer Network we ask you to first complete the QuickBooks Universal Login process and then submit a completed Intuit Developer Network registration form. When using the QuickBooks Universal Login, we request a login name, password, e-mail address, and a security challenge question and answer. The information you give us is used to provide you a single login that can be used to verify your identity and grant you access to QuickBooks branded products and services. The login process has been created to make regular use of our services easier for you. While you do not need to complete the universal login process to view our Web site, it is required when registering for the Intuit Developer Network. 

To apply for membership to the Intuit Developer Network, we ask you to complete a detailed registration form, requesting contact information and additional data about you and your company. The information you provide to us is used to qualify you for different developer opportunities. Intuit does not share your information with outside companies for promotional use. On occasion, we may use your contact information to notify you of new developer programs or opportunities and information about our releases and upgrades, new products or services that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive such information, you may specify your contact preferences during registration or by visiting us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/).

The Intuit Developer Network offers both free and paying memberships. For paying memberships, we request your credit card information, billing, and shipping address. Your credit card information will only be used to process your payment.

    * **Software Development Kit (SDK)**. When downloading the SDK, we request your e-mail address. Your e-mail address will be used to send you updates about the SDK and the Intuit Developer Network. If you do not wish to receive such information, you may specify your contact preferences during registration or by visiting us at <https://privacy.intuit.com/email>. 
    * **Technical Support**. To obtain technical support for the Intuit Developer Network, we ask you to provide your name, e-mail address, and telephone number. This information may be used to contact you regarding your technical support request. 
    * **Developer Forums**. We offer Developer Forums to enable third-party developers the opportunity to communicate with each other. Your name and e-mail address are optional information that you can provide if you wish to be contacted by other forum participants. 
    * **Requests for Information**. When you sign up to receive information regarding a specific Intuit Developer Network event, program, or service, we ask for your contact information, such as your name, e-mail address or phone number. An Intuit Developer Network representative will contact you by e-mail or phone to provide you with the requested information. If you no longer wish to receive such information, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions provided in each e-mail or by simply notifying your representative to remove you from the sign up list. 
  * **QuickBooks Solutions Marketplace**. The QuickBooks Solutions Marketplace enables third-party software developers and QuickBooks customers to exchange ideas, applications, and report templates. We request information from you at various times during your use of the QuickBooks Solutions Marketplace. Below we describe our information handling practices for QuickBooks users and Third Party Developers. 

**    QuickBooks Users**

    * **QuickBooks Report Templates** \- We offer you the opportunity to download report templates that you may find useful. You may also submit templates that you would like to share with other QuickBooks users for posting in QuickBooks Solutions Marketplace. When submitting a template to us for review and post, we request the template title, the author's name, and a brief description. You will also have the option of displaying the author's name with the report template. 
    * **Ratings and Reviews** \- We provide you the opportunity to rate and review applications and report templates that you have used. During the rating and reviewing process we require you to submit your e-mail address, an overall rating, individual ratings, a review title, review body text, and a final recommendation. You also have the option of posting your e-mail address with your review if you would like other QuickBooks users to have the option to contact you about your review. If you do not post your e-mail address, you are required to post a "nickname" instead. 
    * **Tell-a- Friend** \- If you find an application or report template that you'd like to tell someone about, we provide a "tell-a-friend" feature that automatically e-mails the key information and a link to the application. We require the "From" e-mail address and the "To" e-mail address. Both e-mail addresses are used solely for the one-time distribution of the application information and will not be used for any other purposes. 
    * **Tell Us** \- If you would like to tell us what applications or report templates would be most helpful to your business, we require your e-mail address and a brief description of your business needs. You may also specify your business type. While we are unable to respond to each submission, if necessary, we may use your e-mail address to contact you for additional information or clarification of your request. All submissions are treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and, as such, may be published or used by Intuit, without your personal information, for other purposes. On occasion, we may use your e-mail address to notify you of product updates, special offers, or promotions for this or other Intuit products or services, or those of our partners. If you do not wish to receive this information, you may opt-out during the sign up process or by visiting <https://privacy.intuit.com/email>. 
    * **Subscriptions** \- If an application, report template, or review you are looking for does not does not yet exist on the QuickBooks Solutions Marketplace, you may subscribe to the "product review", "search terms" or "category" e-mail notification service. To subscribe, simply enter your e-mail address. You will then be notified when a new application or report template matching your "search terms" or "category" criteria is available or when a new review is available for either the application or template you're interested in. You may unsubscribe by following the instructions provided in each e-mail notification. We may also use your e-mail address to notify you of product updates, special offers, or promotions for this or other Intuit products or services, or those of our partners. If you do not wish to receive this information, you may opt-out during the sign up process or by visiting <https://privacy.intuit.com/email>. 

**    Third Party Developers**

    * **Registration and Application Submittal** \- To submit an application to the QuickBooks Solutions Marketplace, you must first be a registered member of the Intuit Developer Network. When submitting an application, we require your contact information, including your website URL, a full description of the application, minimum system requirements to run the application, price and sales information, technical support information, category placement selection, and search keywords. We use this information to properly display your listing in the Marketplace so that potential users can understand the function and purpose of your application and receive support from you if they purchase your application. We may also request that you answer some general questions about yourself, your business and your application to provide the user as much relevant information as possible. Answering these questions is optional, and you will be able to submit your application without completing these sections. 
    * **Developer Directory** \- We offer you the opportunity to list your contact information in the Developer Directory, where QuickBooks customers can easily locate you for future contracting work. If you select this option, we request your company name, address, phone number, URL, and a description of your company. If you wish to remove your directory listing, simply uncheck the sign-up box. 
  * **Intuit Construction Business Solutions**. Intuit Construction Business Solutions Web site offers you the opportunity to learn more about Intuit Master Builder construction management software and supporting services and programs. When you sign up for these services or programs, we may request information from you. Below we detail our information handling practices: 
    * **Requests for Information**. When you request product information from our Web site, such as catalogs, media kits, pricing proposals, product information, and product demonstrations, we ask for your name, company name, address, company address, phone number, e-mail address, product version, fax number, your title, organization, and any questions or comments you may have. We use this information to provide you with the information you have requested. Intuit does not share your information with outside companies for their promotional use. We may, however, use your contact information to notify you of future product updates and special offers of this and other Intuit products and services, or those of our partners. If you do not wish to receive these offers, you may notify us during the information collection process or by contacting us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). 
    * **Intuit Master Builder Professional Advisors Program**. When you apply to become an Intuit Master Builder Professional Advisor or Intuit Certified Master Builder ProAdvisor, we request the following information: your name, company name, business phone, business fax, e-mail address, business address, city, state, zip, type and description of present business, time in business, ownership, knowledge of financial accounting, sales background, construction background, Intuit Master Builder experience, computer hardware/software experience, and other products you currently represent. Your information will be used to process your application. We may also use your information to inform you of future product and program updates. If you do not wish to receive these offers, you may notify us during the information collection process or by contacting us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). 
    * **Authorized Recommender Program**. We offer you the opportunity to apply to our Authorized Recommender Program. When applying, we request the following information: your name, company name, business phone, business fax, e-mail address, business address, city, state, zip, type and description of present business, and whether you have any clients using Intuit Master Builder software. The information you provide will be used to process your application. We may also use your information to inform you of future product updates and promotions. If you do not wish to receive these offers, you may notify us during the information collection process or by contacting us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). 
    * **Gold Club Referral Program**. When participating in the referral program, we request information about you and about the person or company you are referring. The information we request from you includes your name, company name, address, city, state, zip, e-mail, telephone and fax. The information we request for your referral includes their company name, contact name, address, city, state, zip, telephone, whether the product was demonstrated, and a description of how the demonstration went. Your information will be used to process your referral and to credit you with your program reward. Your referral will be contacted by telephone or direct mail using the information you provide. 
    * **Intuit Master Builder Learning Center**. The Master Builder Learning Center provides you with information about online training classes, as well as other informational programs. To register for an online class, you first will be required to set up an account. To establish this account we request your name, company name, company ID (provided when you received your copy of Intuit Master Builder), user name, e-mail, password, and phone number. If a registration fee is required, you will also be asked for a credit card number and billing address. The credit card number will be used solely for payment of class fees. Your contact information will be used to track class attendance and will also be used in aggregate to evaluate which classes are of most value to our customers. In addition, Intuit may, on occasion, contact you with special offers on this or related products that may be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive this information, including information about future training opportunities, you may specify your contact preferences during the information collection process or you may contact us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). For those registrants applying for Continuing Professional Education (CPE) credit, your contact information is used to award your credit. 
    * **Customer Relations**. When requesting help from Customer Relations for Intuit Construction Business Solutions, we ask for your name, company name, e-mail address, telephone number and fax number. We ask for your contact information only to respond to your request. 
    * **Technical Support**. When requesting online help from Technical Support, we ask for your name, company name, telephone number, fax number, e-mail address and which product you use. This information is needed to respond to your support needs. 
  * **Intuit Public Sector Solutions**. The Intuit Public Sector Solutions Web site offers you the opportunity to learn more about Intuit FundWare and supporting services and programs. When you sign up for these services, we may request information from you. Below we detail our information handling practices: 
    * **Requests for Information**. When you request product information through our Web site, such as a product catalog, product information, or a newsletter, or when you register for Web cast seminars, we ask for your contact information, such as your name, title, organization name, organization address, phone number, fax number and e-mail address. We also ask for information about your organization to better assess your needs. As noted on the request form, our marketing representatives may follow up on information requests by phone to ensure that you received the information you requested. 

We do not share your information with outside companies for their promotional use. We may, however, use your contact information to notify you of future product updates and special offers of this and other Intuit products and services, or those of our partners. If you do not wish to receive these offers, you may notify us during the information collection process or by contacting us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). 

    * **Connection to Partners Program**. If you would like to become an Intuit FundWare VAR, Influencer, Consultant, Developer, or Recommender, you may download the application from our Web site. The completed application may be faxed or mailed to us for review. 
    * **Training Class and Event Registration**. We offer you the opportunity to register to attend training classes or other events, such as conferences. When you register, we ask for your name, title, organization name, organization address, phone number, fax number, e-mail address, your software license number and the time, date and class or event you wish to attend. For classes or events that require payment, we will also request your credit card number and billing address. Your credit card number will only be used to process your payment. 
    * **Customer Support**. When you register for and request support, we ask for your software license number, name, title, organization name, organization URL, email, phone number, fax number, password, the module you are using, the product version, how you would like to be contacted, detailed description of problems you may have encountered, and/or enhancement requests. This information is needed to respond to your support needs. 
  * **Intuit Real Estate Solutions**. The Intuit Real Estate Solutions Web site offers you the opportunity to learn more about MRIs suite of software as well as supporting services and programs. When you sign up for these services, we may request information from you. Below we detail our information handling practices: 
    * **Requests for Information**. When you request product information through our Web site, such as by requesting a demonstration or completing a "Contact Us" form, we ask for your contact information, such as your name, title, organization name, organization address, phone number, fax number and e-mail address. We also ask for information about your organization to better assess your needs. As noted on the request form, our marketing representatives may follow up on information requests by phone to ensure that you received the information you requested. 

We do not share your information with outside companies for their promotional use. Occasionally, we may contact you with product updates or special offers. If you do not wish to receive these offers, you may notify us during the information collection process or by contacting us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). 

    * **Event and User Groups Registration**. We offer you the opportunity to register to attend seminars or other events and also to participate in User Groups. When you register, we ask for your name, title, organization name, organization address, phone number, fax number, e-mail address. For events, we ask for the time, date and class or event you wish to attend. We also ask for information about your organization to better assess your needs. For classes or events that require payment, we will also request your credit card number and billing address. Your credit card number will only be used to process your payment. 

Clients who register for the Annual User Conference will be asked whether they have special access or dietary needs. Emergency contact name and phone number are also requested. 

Occasionally, we may contact you with product updates or special offers. If you do not wish to receive these offers, you may notify us during the information collection process or by contacting us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). 

    * **ClientSite**. If you are an existing client and the MRI Primary Contact for your company, you may register to use our ClientSite. The ClientSite is a password-protected area of our site that provides additional resources and services to our clients. To register we must have your account information on file in our offices and you must complete the online registration process. When registering online, we require the following information: your company name, client ID number, your name, a user name, a password, phone number, and e-mail address. Upon completion, you will receive an e-mail confirming your registration. 
  * **Intuit Distribution Management Solutions**. The Intuit Distribution Management Solutions Web site offers you the opportunity to learn more about Intuit Eclipse Enterprise Software Products and supporting services and programs. When you sign up for these services or programs, we may request information from you. Below we detail our information handling practices: 
    * **Requests for Information**. When you request product information from our Web site, such as pricing proposals, product information, and product demonstrations, we ask for your name, title, company name, address, phone number, e-mail address, primary industry, current software, number of employees and physical locations at your company. We use this information to provide you with the information or product you have requested. Intuit does not share your information with outside companies for their promotional use. We may, however, use your contact information to notify you of future product updates and special offers of this and other Intuit products and services, or those of our partners. If you do not wish to receive these offers, you may notify us during the information collection process or by contacting us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). 
    * **Intuit Eclipse Customer Support Site**. When requesting online help from Support, we ask for your name, company name, e-mail address and any questions or comments you may have about the nature of your concerns. This information is needed to respond to your support needs. The Intuit Eclipse Customer Support Site also provides you with information about online training classes, as well as other informational programs. To register for an online class, you must first be an existing customer, and will be required to set up an account for yourself if you've not already done so. To establish this account we request your name, company name, address, phone number, e-mail address, a preferred user ID, and password. If a registration fee is required, you will also be asked for a credit card number and billing address. The credit card number will be used solely for payment of class fees. Your contact information will be used to track class attendance and will also be used in aggregate to evaluate which classes are of most value to our customers. In addition, Intuit may, on occasion, contact you with special offers on this or related products that may be of interest to you. If you prefer not to receive this information, including information about future training opportunities, you may specify your contact preferences during the information collection process, or you may contact us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). 
  * **Application for Employment with Intuit.** You may apply for employment at Intuit via our careers Web page. For each position in which you are interested, we ask you to submit your contact information and resume. This information will be used to evaluate your qualifications for the desired position and possibly to contact you for further information. We do not share this information with third parties except, as necessary in accordance with our employment practices. 
  * **More on our General Information Practices**. 
    * **E-mail Messaging.** When sending you e-mail we may use an image called a single pixel GIF, that allows us to format messages tailored to your computer's capabilities. We also use this technology to determine, in the aggregate, the number of people who open our e-mails. When you initiate a response by clicking on a link within an e-mail message, you are re-directed onto the internet. We then record your individual response to help us deliver information that is more relevant to your interests. 
    * **Newsletters and Special Events.** We provide you the opportunity to subscribe to newsletters and other e-mail communications. You may unsubscribe by following the instructions provided in each e-mail newsletter or e-mail communication. We may also offer you the opportunity to participate in special events, such as webcasts, conferences, or seminars. If you would like to participate in these special events, we may ask you for contact information, and if applicable, billing information when you sign up. 
    * **Contests, Sweepstakes, and Surveys.** From time to time, we may offer you the option to participate in contests, sweepstakes, or surveys. If you would like to participate, we may ask you for contact information, preferences or other information. This information may be used to conduct research, improve our offerings or award prizes. Our contests and sweepstakes may have separate rules and we will identify how the information that you supply will be used in each case. 
    * **Mandatory and Optional Information.** We identify what information is required to fulfill your request. If you choose not to provide mandatory information, we will not be able to provide the service you are requesting. 
    * **Intuit and its Subsidiaries**. Intuit and its subsidiaries may exchange customer data with each other to fulfill your requests or to provide you with information about other products or services. 
    * **Service Providers.** In some cases, we will employ or work with service providers such as consultants, temporary workers, third party software developers, or outsourcers, to complete a business process or provide a service on our behalf. For example, we may use service providers to deliver products, to offer online software applications, or to send e-mails. When we employ service providers, we may need to share your personally identifiable information. Service providers are strictly prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for purposes other than to act on our behalf. 
    * **Intuit Partners and Co-branded or Third-Party Sites**. Some of the products and services offered on this Web site may be provided by Intuit's business partners. To fulfill your request for such services, we will forward your customer information to a partner, as necessary. When offering partner services on an Intuit or a co-branded site, the partner who will be receiving your information will be clearly identified. The Intuit.com Web site may provide links to third-party Web sites, such as those of our business partners and online advertisers. On these sites either Intuit or its partners may collect information about you. Intuit is not responsible for the actions of these third parties. We encourage you to review their privacy policies to learn more about what, why and how they collect and use personally identifiable information. 
    * **Service Alerts and Critical Notices.** Although we respect and honor the privacy preferences you have expressed, we may need to contact you to inform you of specific changes that may impact your ability to use this service or for other critical non-marketing purposes, such as bug alerts. We may also contact you to respond to your specific requests, to clarify the order information you provided to us, or to notify you of upcoming subscription expiration dates. 
    * **Change of Control.** Your personally identifiable information may be transferred in connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange or other disposition (whether of assets, stock or otherwise) of all or a portion of a business of Intuit and/or its subsidiaries. You will have the opportunity to opt out of further secondary use of your information following any change of control. 
    * **Changes to Our Privacy Policy.** If we plan to make significant changes to any of our privacy policies or practices with respect to how we use personally identifiable information, we'll post those changes to this Web site 30 days before they take effect. 
    * **Legal Disclosures.** In some cases we may be required to disclose certain information to comply with a legal process, such as a court order, subpoena or search warrant. 



**HOW AND WHY WE USE WEB TECHNOLOGIES TO MANAGE OUR WEB SITE.**

Here is how and why we use some common Web technologies to help manage our Web site: 

  * **Cookies.** A "cookie" is a small piece of information that our Web site may provide to your browser while you are at our site. The Intuit.com Web site supplies your browser with cookies that contain a unique identifier used to better understand Web site usage in the aggregate so that we know what areas of our site users prefer, based on the number of visits to those areas. 

If you are a registered user on the Intuit.com Web site, you will receive a cookie when you login. This cookie is maintained by your browser and contains your identifier. This cookie is also used to authenticate your identity and provide you with access to areas of our Web site that are limited to registered users, such as the technical support section for Premier Service Plan members. 

If you simply want to browse, you do not have to accept cookies from our site. Should you decide, however, that you would like to register and have access to special areas of the Web site and you have modified your browser settings not to accept cookies, you will need to re-set your browser to accept the cookies that we send it. Otherwise, you may not be able to participate in certain areas of the Web sites. Most browsers are defaulted to accept and maintain cookies. When you use the QuickBooks Universal Login to register for the Intuit Developer Network, you will receive a cookie as part of the personal identification process. This cookie will be used to confirm your identity each time you wish to access the Intuit Developer Network or other QuickBooks services. The cookie enables you to go from screen to screen without being repeatedly asked to authenticate your identity. 

When you subscribe to Intuit Construction Business Solutions newsletters, your e-mail address may be stored in a cookie to be accessed by the newsletter subscription page to help you identify the newsletters to which you have subscribed. 

If you are an Intuit Public Sector Solutions customer, you will receive a cookie when responding to a URL from a promotional communication. These cookies are used to determine response rates to our communications. You may choose not to accept these cookies and will still have full access to site functionality. 

Third party tracking systems in use on behalf of this Web site may assign different cookies to you. These cookies may be used to track your involvement with certain links on our site to help us better understand and improve our site. You may choose not to accept these cookies and will still have full access to site functionality. These cookies do not follow you once you leave our site, nor are they linked to personal information you provide elsewhere on our site. If you have any questions about our third party tracking system, please contact us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). 

Advertising networks that serve ads on this Web site may assign different cookies to you. Those cookies may be used to track your involvement with the advertising on our site. You may choose not to accept these cookies. Intuit does not control those parties. You should review their privacy policies to learn more about what, why and how they collect and use private information. If you have questions about our ad serving networks, please contact us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). 

  * **Web Site Usage Data.** Our Web site tracks usage data, including, for example, your IP address, your browser type and version, which pages you view, which page, if any, linked you to our site, and which link, if any, you follow off of our site. We use this data in the aggregate to better understand Web site activity to improve our site offerings. We may also use this data to provide you a more personalized Web site experience, assistance with technical support questions, and to send you special offers, product and service updates, or other promotional materials that are relevant and tailored to your interests. If you do not wish to receive these offers or promotions, simply indicate your contact preferences during the registration process or by visiting [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). We do not share your information with outside companies for their promotional use. We do not track URLs that you type into your browser, nor do we track you across the Internet once you leave our site. 



**WE GIVE YOU CHOICES ABOUT HOW THE PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION THAT YOU PROVIDE TO US MAY BE USED.**

We give you the opportunity to control the use of your personal information you provide to us, for purposes other than to fulfill your request. For example, on occasion we may use your contact information to send you promotional communications about Intuit products and services or those of our partners. If you do not wish to receive such communications, you may specify your contact preferences during the information collection process or by contacting us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/). 

**WE PROVIDE YOU THE OPPORTUNITY TO UPDATE OR CORRECT YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION.**

We provide you the opportunity to update or correct the contact, account and other information that you have provided to us by using the [Customer Service](http://www.intuit.com/service/) Web pages or by calling Intuit Customer Service at (800) 335-4651. 

If you are an Intuit Public Sector Solutions customer, please provide updates to [information@publicsector.intuit.com](mailto:information@publicsector.intuit.com). 

**WE WORK TO PROTECT PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION FROM LOSS, MISUSE OR UNAUTHORIZED ALTERATION.**

We use industry recognized security safeguards to help protect the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us from loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration. Whenever we prompt you to transmit sensitive information, such as credit card number, we support the encryption of your data as it is transmitted to us. 

We work to protect personally identifiable information stored on the site's servers from unauthorized access using industry standard computer security products, such as firewalls, as well as carefully developed security procedures and practices. All Intuit employees must review and sign a written statement of these practices, which include limiting access to sensitive information to those employees who require the information and enforcing strict password protocols for all employees. We use both internal and external resources to review the adequacy of our security measures on a regular basis. 

**WE PROVIDE VARIOUS WAYS FOR YOU TO CONTACT US ABOUT OUR INFORMATION PRACTICES AND OTHER ASPECTS OF PRIVACY.**

Questions regarding the Intuit.com Web site's privacy statement, the Intuit online privacy policy, our information practices or other aspects of privacy on our Web sites, should be directed to us at [https://privacy.intuit.com](https://privacy.intuit.com/) or by writing us at Intuit Inc., Customer Communication, 2800 East Commerce Center Place, Tucson, AZ 85706. 

If we have not responded to your inquiry, or if your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, please contact [TRUSTe](http://www.truste.org/users/users_watchdog.html). 

Last Updated: 09/23/02  
  
|   
|  |   
  
   
|   
---  
| [Quicken.com](http://www.quicken.com/)  |  [TurboTax.com](http://www.quicken.com/taxes/)  |  [QuickBooks.com](http://www.quickbooks.com/)  |  [IntuitAdvisor.com](http://www.intuitadvisor.com/) | [Developer Network](http://developer.intuit.com/)  |  [International](http://www.intuit.com/international/) |   
| © 2002 Intuit Inc. All rights reserved.  
|  |   
| [Legal Notices](http://www.intuit.com/legal.html)   [Updated Privacy Statement](http://www.intuit.com/privacy/) |    
|  |   
|  |   
|  |  |   
|  | 
