> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cognitoforms.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150314232758id_/https%3A//www.cognitoforms.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Cognito Forms - Free Online Form Builder

**_PRIVACY STATEMENT_**

Cognito, LLC ("Cognito", "us" "we" or "our") respects your privacy and is committed to maintaining the privacy and confidentiality of personal data we collect. This Privacy Statement describes how Cognito or businesses operating under a different brand name but doing business as Cognito,  collect information about you through the websites located at *.cognitoapps.com and *.cognitoforms.com (the “Sites”).  Although, some of these Sites may be branded using a different name, i.e. Cognito, users should refer to this Privacy Statement as the controlling document regarding your privacy for any of the information you provide to us through the Sites. The purpose of our Privacy Statement is to describe the ways we collect information from and about you when you sign up to receive information about our products and related services, to provide information to you to explain the ways in which the information is used by Cognito and to explain the ways in which Cognito protects your information.

Cognito offers its customers a web based software application which provides customers the functionality to create and build customized online forms (the "Services"). These online forms can be customized by customers for a variety of purposes and to display many different types of data. All the information you share with us on our Sites or which may be contained within the customized online forms created and generated by your use of the Services is governed by our Terms of Service. 

By visiting our Sites or otherwise providing your personal information to us via any other means, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Statement. For purposes of this Privacy Statement, the term “visitor” includes visitors to our Sites who are not yet customers, those who become customers ("Account Holders"), as well as those who do not become Account Holders, whether you upload information to our Sites, download it, or are merely visiting our Sites. 

**_DATA WE COLLECT_**

When you visit our Sites you may choose to engage with us by providing us with your organization name, telephone number, email address and first and last name. We collect this information when you choose to contact us for more information about the Services, when you email us directly with questions or request more information about the Services and when you choose to become an Account Holder.

**_USE OF INFORMATION_**

The personal information we collect from you is relevant for the purposes for which it is to be used. Cognito takes reasonable steps to ensure that data is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete, and current. We may use personal information to provide the Services you’ve requested for purposes of opening an account and registration of you as an Account Holder. We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve the Cognito Sites. We may use third parties to assist us in processing your personal information, and we require that such third parties comply with our Privacy Statement and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We may use certain other information collected from you to help diagnose technical problems, administer the Cognito Sites, and improve the quality and types of services delivered.  We use cookies to assist in delivering the Services and to provide a positive and personalized user experience. Our cookies are used to identify unique visitors to our sites and to provide you with easy access to the Services and navigation on the Sites when you enter your log in information on the Sites. If you have your browser set to reject cookies, your usage of the Services is likely to be interrupted. Our web sites use Google Analytics, which is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help analyze how individuals use the Services. The non-personal information generated by the cookie about your use of the Sites will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Sites, compiling reports on Site activity for our purpose, evaluation and providing other services relating to Site activity and Internet usage. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may disable cookies within your browser as described above, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Sites. By using our Sites you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For certain browsers, you can also prevent Google from collecting information (including your IP address) via cookies and processing this information by downloading this browser plug-in and installing it: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

**_DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION_**

Personal information we gather is for internal use only and we will not authorize the release of this information to anyone outside Cognito (except to third party service providers of Cognito who perform functions on our behalf but, in such cases, personal information will only be shared to the extent reasonably necessary for third party service providers to perform their functions and they will not be authorized to use it for any other function) unless you have consented to such disclosure. Should you breach our Terms and Conditions, or if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligations, we may disclose your information to a relevant authority. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. In particular, we may release the information we collect to third parties when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce our legal rights, to protect the rights and safety of others, or to assist with industry efforts to control fraud, spam or other undesirable conduct. We may release the information we collect to third parties, where the information is provided to enable such third party to provide services to us, provided that the third party has agreed to use at least the same level of privacy protections described in this Privacy Statement, and is permitted to use the information only for the purpose of providing services to us.

**_OPTING OUT OF COMMUNICATIONS_** ** __**

Cognito gives you an opportunity to choose to opt-out of personal data being disclosed to third parties for a purpose incompatible with the purpose for which it was originally collected (except for meeting applicable legal requirements or permitting third party service providers who perform functions on our behalf as described in the Disclosure of Personal Information section of this Privacy Statement), including your opting out of receiving future marketing mailings. We will not use your contact information to correspond with you about our Services if you ask us not to do so. Please send your request to [optout@cognitoapps.com](mailto:optout@cognitoapps.com) or write us at the address listed in the Questions section below. Please note that it may take up to thirty (30) days to remove your contact information from our marketing communications lists, so you may receive correspondence from us for a short time after you make your request.

**_SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION_** ** __**

In order to provide you with the Services, Cognito utilizes Microsoft's Windows Azure as platform as a service (“PAAS”) to store the personal information you provide to us when you use our Services. When you enter your personal information on our Sites it is retained by Microsoft on the Windows Azure platform. Once you enter your information on our Sites, Cognito is not the primary controller of your personal information. The Windows Azure platform utilizes industry best practices with respect to privacy and security and Cognito relies exclusively on the Windows Azure platform to secure your personal information once it leaves the Cognito environment. You can learn more about the security measures Windows Azure utilizes to protect your personal information here at [www.windowsazure.com/trustcenter](http://www.windowsazure.com/trustcenter). Cognito is committed to the industry best practices approach concerning security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of the information for which we may have access through Cognito's use of the Windows Azure platform. Within Cognito's environment, we use various security measures to protect the information we access through Windows Azure, as appropriate to the type of information collected, including assigning unique user names and passwords, encryption in transit, firewalls, and access controls. The textual information you share when you choose to engage with us, and the textual information you enter when you use the Services as an Account Holder, are SSL encrypted during transmission and Cognito’s Windows Azure sites are accessible only by Cognito employees, contractors and agents on a need to know basis and who have entered into and are bound by a confidentiality and nondisclosure agreement with Cognito. **  _Of course, no guaranty can be made that your information and data will be secure from intrusions and unauthorized release to third parties._**

**_COMPLIANCE WITH CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION_**

Cognito does not market Services and does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13 years of age.

**_RIGHT TO ACCESS, UPDATE OR DELETE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION_** __

If your information changes you may contact us at [privacy@cognitoapps.com](mailto:privacy@cognitoapps.com) about how to change your personal information.  In the event you wish to delete or cancel your account the Account page on our website provides a simple no questions asked cancellation link. Any cancellation of your Account will result in the deactivation or deletion of your Account or your access to your Account, and the forfeiture and relinquishment of all content in your Account. This information cannot be recovered from us once your account is cancelled. Please be aware that we may for a time retain residual information in our backup and/or archival copies of our database. We will make reasonable commercial efforts to delete your information as soon as possible after you communicate that intention to us. For more information related to the deactivation or deletion of your account please review our Terms of Use. If you believe that any personal information we have about you is incorrect, or is, has been, or might be used inappropriately, please contact us at [privacy@cognitoapps.com](mailto:privacy@cognitoapps.com) and we will take steps to correct or delete the information, or restrict its use, as appropriate using commercially reasonable efforts as soon as reasonably practical.

**_VERIFICATION_** ** __**

Cognito utilizes the self-assessment approach to assure its compliance with its Privacy Statement. Cognito regularly verifies that the Privacy Statement is accurate, comprehensive, prominently displayed, and completely implemented, and Cognito conducts its self-assessment on an annual basis to ensure that all relevant privacy practices are being followed. Appropriate employee training and internal procedures for periodically conducting objective reviews of compliance are in place. A statement verifying this self-assessment is signed by a corporate officer or other authorized representative at least once a year.

**_VISITING OUR WEBSITE FROM OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES_**

If you are visiting our Sites from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Services, you understand that your information may be transferred to third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Statement. ** __**

**_INQUIRIES OR COMPLAINTS_** __

If you have a question or complaint about this Privacy Statement or our information collection practices, please contact us at [privacy@cognitoapps.com](mailto:privacy@cognitoapps.com) or write us at the address listed below in the Questions section of the Privacy Statement. We will investigate the matter and are committed to resolving any privacy concerns that you may have.

##### Changes

Because the Web is an evolving medium, we may need to change our Privacy Statement at some point in the future, in which case we'll post the revised Privacy Statement on our Sites and update the "Last Updated" date above to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use our Sites or providing Cognito with your personal information after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Statement as modified. If necessary, we will provide additional information regarding any changes to this Privacy Statement as may be required by law. Your access of our Sites for the limited and exclusive purpose of reviewing this Privacy Statement does not constitute your acceptance of this Privacy Statement unless you make any further access or use of our Sites. This Privacy Statement is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal right in or on behalf of any party. 

##### Questions

You may direct any questions concerning this Privacy Statement to:

Cognito, LLC  
1301 Gervais Street, Suite 1800  
Columbia, SC 29201  
800-787-1160  
803-733-5888 (fax)  
[privacy@cognitoapps.com](mailto:privacy@cognitoapps.com)

Last Update Sept 7, 2013 
