> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ruger-firearms.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209181630id_/http%3A//www.ruger.com/footer/Privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Ruger Privacy Policy

Effective September 1, 2010

**This Web Site Privacy Policy** ("Privacy Policy") is provided by Sturm, Ruger & Co., Inc. ("Sturm, Ruger," "we," "our," or "us").  This Privacy Policy describes Sturm, Ruger's practices regarding Personal Information (as defined below) collected via the Sturm, Ruger web sites that include a link to this Privacy Policy (the "Web Sites").  Unless specifically stated otherwise, this Privacy Policy **applies solely** to Personal Information that we gather or collect via such Web Sites.  It does not apply to any information collected offline or otherwise outside of the Web Sites.

Please take a moment to review the terms of this Privacy Policy.  Please also review our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209181630id_/http%3A//www.ruger.com/footer/Terms.html), which govern your use of our Web Sites. Please note that certain features or services discussed in this Privacy Policy may not be offered or available on all of our Web Sites.

**What Personal Information Does Sturm, Ruger Collect About Me?**  
When you visit a Web Site, we may collect two types of information from you: (1) Personal Information you voluntarily choose to disclose to us, and (2) Web Site Usage Information that we automatically collect as you interact with the Web Site.

_**Information You Voluntarily Provide to Us**_  
In most cases, you can visit a Web Site without telling us who you are and without providing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may ask you to provide voluntarily information about yourself via the Web Site, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, phone number, credit or debit card number, etc. ("Personal Information"). For example, we may ask you to give us Personal Information so that we can register you with a Web Site, provide you with a subscription to a newsletter, process an order you submit, provide a service to you, or so that we may correspond with you.  In addition, there are certain other situations where we may collect and use Personal Information that you voluntarily provide while using a Web Site even though it is not necessary for the function you are using.  This includes, for example, Personal Information you provide when you submit a photo, enter a contest or sweepstakes we offer, or otherwise provide submissions to us or a Web Site, or when you use the "contact us" mechanisms.  You are under no obligation to provide such Personal Information, but if you choose not to, you may be unable to use certain features or services provided by the Web Sites. 

_**Information We Automatically Collect**_   
When you visit a Web Site, we may automatically collect certain information related to your activities on the Web Site ("Web Site Usage Information").  This information may include your browser type, operating system, IP address, the domain from which you came, the page you are viewing, the time, and what you clicked on, among other information.  Web Site Usage Information is typically anonymous information, because it is not normally associated with you or your identity.  However, if it is combined with your Personal Information in a manner that it is directly associated with your identity, it will be treated as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy. To collect Web Site Usage Information, we may utilize a variety of technologies such as cookies, embedded scripts or other, similar technologies. 

**Cookies.**   A cookie is a small data file placed on a computer when it is used to visit a web site.  Cookies may be used for many purposes, such as tracking user preferences and web pages visited while using the Web Site.  You may disable cookies using your browser's preferences, but some features of our Web Sites may not function properly or may operate slowly if you disable the cookies. To place an order on our web site's Online Store, your browser must be set to accept cookies. 

**Embedded Scripts.  ** An embedded script is a programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Web Site, such as which links you click on.  The code is temporarily downloaded onto your computer from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Web Site, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.

_**Notice to Parents**_  
The Web Sites are general audience web sites, and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children younger than the age of thirteen (13).  We will delete any Personal Information collected that we later determine to be from a user younger than the age of thirteen (13).

**How Does Sturm, Ruger Use Personal Information?**  
We may use Personal Information collected from the Web Sites for a variety of purposes, including: (1) to provide you with information, products, or services that you have ordered, requested, or agreed to receive (such as fulfilling a catalog request or e-mail newsletter, or processing your Online Store order transactions); (2) to process your registration with a Web Site, including verifying that your e-mail address is active and valid; (3) to improve the Web Sites or our services, or to customize your experience on the Web Sites; (4) to communicate with you regarding information, features, products, services, or offers that we believe may be of interest to you; (5) to respond to your questions or other requests; (6) to contact you with regard to a Web Site; (7) to process any applications, orders, payments, or changes to your account information; (8) to process Personal Information or other information that you submit through a Web Site; (9) to conduct user surveys; (10) to contact you regarding a sweepstakes, contest or promotion in which you have participated, (11) for internal business purposes; and (12) for other purposes disclosed in this Privacy Policy, disclosed at the time you provide the Personal Information, or disclosed thereafter. 

The Web Site Usage Information we collect may be used for a number of purposes, such as system administration, to help us understand the demographics of the visitors to the Web Sites, to enhance the performance and usefulness of the Web Sites, to report aggregate information to our business partners, or to audit use of the Web Sites. 

_**With Whom Do We Share the Personal Information?**_  
The Personal Information that we collect on our Web Sites may be shared in the following cases: 

_**Third Parties Providing Services on Our Behalf.**_ We may share Personal Information with our agents and representatives who perform services on our behalf.  This includes third parties that host or operate certain functions or features of one or more of the Web Sites, send communications on our behalf (including marketing e-mails), process credit card and other payment transactions, fulfill orders, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, or create, host and/or provide customer service on our behalf.  These third parties may have access to Personal Information in order to provide these services to us or on our behalf, but are permitted to use such Information only in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. 

_**Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions.**_  We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") through the Web Sites.  If you choose to participate in a Promotion, Personal Information about you may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion's official rules, such as on a winners list.  Also, by entering a Promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the promotion.

_**Business Transfers and Corporate Changes.**_ We reserve the right to disclose and transfer Personal Information: (1) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of one or more of the Web Sites; or (2) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, or restructuring, the sale of substantially all of Sturm, Ruger's stock and/or assets, or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process.

_**Legal Requirements and Law Enforcement.**_ We may also transfer and disclose Personal Information to third parties: (1) in the event we are required to respond to a court order, subpoena, discovery request, or other legal process, or if in our good faith opinion such disclosure is required by law; (2) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an audit or investigation; (3) to verify or enforce compliance with our Terms of Use, other agreements or policies governing a Web Site, or applicable laws, rules, and regulations; or (4) whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability or to protect or enforce the rights, interests, or safety of a Web Site, its users or other third parties.  We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful.

Except as indicated above, Sturm, Ruger will not disclose to others any of your Personal Information unless we have your express permission. 

Sturm, Ruger may, however, share non-personally identifiable information, such as Web Site Usage Information or other aggregated user statistics, as well as anonymous information derived from Personal Information, such as de-identified user information, with third parties for any purpose.

**What are My Choices Regarding Use and Distribution of Personal Information?**  
When you are asked for Personal Information on a Web Site, you will be given the opportunity to "opt out" from having Sturm, Ruger contact you regarding special offers and promotions.

If you did not opt out from receiving offers and promotions, we may occasionally send you information about products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. Only Sturm, Ruger (or agents or representatives working on behalf of Sturm, Ruger who are permitted to use your information only in accordance with this Privacy Policy) will send you these offers. If you choose to stop receiving these mailings, you can, at any time, simply unsubscribe by following the instructions at the bottom of each such e-mail, or write us at STURM, RUGER & COMPANY, INC., Chief Information Officer, 411 Sunapee St., Newport, NH 03773 so that you will no longer receive such offers and mailings. If you give us your telephone number, we will use it only to call you regarding orders that you have placed for products or for product safety or advisory information. 

**Links and Advertisements:**  
The Web Sites may contain advertisements or other links to third-party web sites that Sturm, Ruger does not own or control.  Sturm, Ruger is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third-party web site. Links or advertisements do not constitute or imply any review or endorsement of any non-Ruger site. You visit other sites at your own risk. Because other sites may collect, use and distribute your Personal Information in manners different than Sturm, Ruger, we recommend that you read the privacy statements of all third party web sites before submitting any Personal Information to those web sites. They are not within our control. 

**Consent to Transfer Personal Information to the United States**  
The Web Sites are operated in the United States.  If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States.  By using any of the Web Sites or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer and processing of your information in the United States. 

**About Our Web Site Security**  
We take commercially reasonable steps to help protect and secure the Personal Information we collect.  However, no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be 100% secure. While we strive to protect your Personal Information, Sturm, Ruger cannot warrant the security of any Personal Information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems. Please keep in mind that whenever you disclose Personal Information Online, that information can be collected and used by others. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and/or any account information. Please be careful and responsible whenever you're Online. 

**Contact Us; Additional Information**  
We appreciate the trust that you, our customers, have placed in us and look forward to serving you in the future. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, or if you feel that we are not following this Privacy Policy, please [contact us electronically](https://web.archive.org/footer/contact.html), via telephone at 603-863-3300, or via mail at the following address: Sturm, Ruger & Co., Inc., Attention Chief Information Officer, 411 Sunapee Street, Newport, NH 03773.

**Changes to our Web Site Privacy Policy**  
We may change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy.  However, we will not use Personal Information about you in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time it was collected unless we receive your consent.
