> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nzte.govt.nz privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180205103002id_/https%3A//www.nzte.govt.nz/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy

This Privacy Policy applies to all New Zealand Trade and Enterprise's websites, including its social media channels (each a Site and, together, the Sites). 

These terms should be read in conjunction with the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20180205103002id_/https%3A//www.nzte.govt.nz/~/link.aspx?_id=850AF5613F984BBD852D8E1CB0E491DC&_z=z).

By viewing or using a Site, you agree to this Privacy Policy and the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20180205103002id_/https%3A//www.nzte.govt.nz/~/link.aspx?_id=850AF5613F984BBD852D8E1CB0E491DC&_z=z). If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy you should stop accessing and using the Sites.

1\. Collection: New Zealand Trade and Enterprise (NZTE) may gather the following information about you from the Sites: (a) personal information, provided by you when you submit that information on a Site as prompted, for example, at the time of posting a comment or of voluntary registration for the services NZTE offers; (b) aggregate information generated by NZTE's and its contractors' systems, which tracks traffic to and on the Sites but does not identify you personally; and (c) information about your interaction with NZTE’s computer systems, including your use of NZTE’s websites, emails you send to NZTE, and emails that NZTE sends you from their computer systems. Failure to provide necessary personal information when requested may result in certain services or parts of the Sites not being available to you.

2\. Disclosure of information: NZTE may disclose: (a) any information that NZTE gathers about you to third parties for the purposes of providing you with services that NZTE considers may be of interest to you, including services that you have signed up for or that are necessary for operation of the Sites; (b) aggregate tracking information and other information that does not personally identify you, to third parties; (c) your personal information to third parties, when NZTE believes in good faith that NZTE is required to do so by law; (d) your personal information to other third parties, provided NZTE has your prior authorisation, which NZTE will usually obtain at the time of collecting the information from you; and (e) your personal information to police or other government agencies in New Zealand if we believe giving the information will help prevent or resolve fraud, money laundering, unauthorised access to, or attacks on, NZTE’s systems, or other crimes. You acknowledge that personal information and aggregate tracking information about you may be kept on computer systems operated by third parties. You further acknowledge that information gathered is routinely monitored for cyber security purposes.  

3\. Use: NZTE may use the personal information it collects: (a) to verify your identity and assist you if you forget your password or login details for any of NZTE's registration services; (b) to assist in providing the services requested by you; (c) to provide further information to you about other websites and services or which NZTE considers may be of interest to you; (d) for sharing with third parties that have similar objectives (in whole or in part) to NZTE where the sharing is for a not-for-profit purpose; (e) for future marketing, promotional and publicity purposes that relate to NZTE or its purpose, including to carry out direct marketing, market research and surveys; (f) to help ensure that you are shown information that NZTE considers may be relevant to you and your interests; (g) to prevent and resolve unauthorised access to, or attacks on, NZTE’s systems; (h) to provide services to different entities within NZTE or related to NZTE; and (i) for any other use that you authorise or where otherwise legally permitted.

4\. Cookies and tracking: NZTE may use a "cookie" file containing information that can identify details of your IP address, PC platform (e.g. Windows, NT or Mac), browser (e.g. Internet Explorer, Firefox or other, plus the version of browser), domain (whether you are accessing a Site from NZ or elsewhere) and other user information (e.g. your username). NZTE may use the information generated by cookies to: (a) track traffic patterns to, from and on the Sites; (b) help display advertising to the appropriate users; (c) enable you to enter the Sites and use certain services and to visit registered user only areas of the Site; and (d) use cookies and data from NZTE e-marketing platforms that you may have subscribed to in order to provide you with NZTE services or offers relevant to you. You can choose to refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser, using the Google Analytics opt-out tool (NZTE use Google Analytics) and/or by deleting them from your hard drive. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use the Sites but you may need them to log on to a Site and to access personalised or secure content on the Site. Some pages may not function properly if the cookies are turned off.

Cookies are used to:

* measure how you use the website so it can be updated and improved based on your needs; and

* remember the notifications you’ve seen so that we don’t show them to you again. 

5\. Content providers, advertisers and partners: NZTE does not control the practices of content providers, partners and advertisers connected with any of the Sites and to whom you provide personal information whilst using one of the Sites or services. The Sites contains links to other sites, which may not follow the same privacy policies as NZTE. NZTE suggests that you check any relevant privacy policies before providing your personal information to any third party.

6\. Holding, correcting and updating: Any personal information that you provide to NZTE will be collected and held by NZTE and/or its authorised agents and associates. If you are an individual, you have certain rights under the Privacy Act 1993, including rights of access to and correction of personal information that NZTE holds. We will correct any personal information we may hold about you if you notify us in writing of the correction.

If you have any questions about how NZTE services work or regarding this Privacy Policy, contact NZTE by sending an email to [channels@nzte.govt.nz](mailto:channels@nzte.govt.nz "Email our team").

For information about New Zealand's Privacy Act 1993 and how it protects the personal information of individuals in New Zealand, visit the website of the [Privacy Commissioner](https://www.privacy.org.nz/ "Office of the Privacy Commissioner").
