> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iese.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060619061106id_/http%3A//www.iese.edu/en/Privacidad/Privacidad.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

| 

IESE, Universidad de Navarra (hereinafter IESE) has adopted all of the necessary measures, policies and proceedings as owner of this Web Site for it is committed to guarantee and protect the privacy of the Personally Identifiable Information ("Personal Information") provided by the USER, in compliance with the Spanish Organic Act 15/1999 regarding the Protection of Personal Data and Act 34/2002 regarding the Services of the Information Society and Electronic Business. Through the different areas that this Web Site maintains, the USER may obtain information, purchase products or services offered. 

The majority of the services offered by IESE in this Web Site are free of charge and do not require prior registry by the USER. The only Personal Information to which the owner of this Web Site will have access to is the Information freely provided and needed to permit access, usage and subscription of any of the services offered through the Web. Any Personal Information you share with IESE will be subject to all reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure. 

The responsible body of the files hereby, as well as third parties who perform tasks required to process and/or complete the data treatment or any person to whom the information has been disclosed - by virtue of the authorization given by the user -, are obliged to keep professional secrecy. Moreover, they shall be obliged to adopt the protection levels and and put into place the appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to protect the Personal Information collected, avoiding, where possible, unauthorized access, illicit modifications, seizure and/or loss of the Personal Information. 

Nevertheless, the USER is hereby informed and warned that the technical procedures are not infallible and unbattered. For this reason, the Responsible Person shall not be held liable for those practices nor their consequences. The Personal Information of the USER, together with the Information gathered as a result of his/her access and use of the services requested, shall be used and disclosed in accordance with the purpose and form explicitly convened by the USER. To that effect, the Personal Information shall be incorporated into a database, being IESE the Responsible Person and owner of the latter. 

By providing and registering his/her Personal Information, the USER accepts and explicitly authorizes IESE, as well as the entities of its field, to gather and collect, use and store the Personal Information following the terms deemed lawful by the applicable legal dispositions. The registry of the Personal Information provided by the USER also implies the voluntary and explicit acceptance of the sharing and disclosing of the Personal Information to other entities of the same field as IESE, be they ancillaries or collaborators. The Personal Information must be shared and disclosed in compliance with the purposes described hereinabove. The Responsible Person is hereby also authorized to receive from the aforementioned entities the subsequent information collected, even via interconnection forms, in compliance with the purposes set forth hereinabove. 

The 15/1999 Act acknowledges the USER'S right to initiate the corresponding access, modification, cancellation and opposition interests in relation to his/her Personal Information. The USER shall be able to initiate his/her rights by addressing a letter to the Responsible Person at InfoDat, Avda. Pearson no. 21, 08034, Barcelona or by emailing us at: [InfoDat@iese.edu](mailto:InfoDat@iese.edu) . So as to be able improve the services delivered to our USERS and adapt our services to their technological means, we use small bits of data called cookies. The USER may be informed whether he/she has received or rejected any cookies in his/her hard disk by selecting the options in his/her browsers, having to consult the instructions of use of the browser to obtain further information. 

This Web Site does dispose of any links that allow disclosure of its information with other Web Sites. We are therefore not to be held liable for the security procedures of other Web Sites, subject to their own privacy policies, with links to our Web Site. Lastly, we inform you that the Responsible Person reserves the right to modify the privacy policy hereby so as to comply with any novelties or amendments in the applicable legal or case law dispositions, as well as, any modifications in the normal business practices. Any modifications, as well as the time frame in which they shall be deemed to be effective, will be previously and duly reflected.   
  
---  
  
| 
