> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gossone.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101119053642id_/http%3A//www.gossone.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Goss One

December 23rd, 2009 Comments Off

### Goss One respects your privacy:

GossOne claims no credit for any images featured on this site unless otherwise noted. All visual content is copyright to its respectful owners.By providing links to other sites, Goss does not guarantee, approve or endorse the information or products available at these sites, nor does a link indicate any association with or endorsement by the linked site to Mykiru. It is in no way responsible for or has control of the content of any external web site links.

Information on this site may contain errors or inaccuracies; the site’s proprietors do not make warranty as to the correctness or reliability of the site’s content.

If you own rights to any of the images, and do not wish them to appear on this site, please contact us at goss(at)gossone(dot)com and they will be promptly removed.

Any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of Goss One.

We have a strict no spam policy and do not send you any emails, unless you subscribe to receive email updates.

### Credit card details:

Goss One will never ask for Credit Card details and request that you **_Do Not_** enter it on any of the forms on Goss One.

### External Sites:

Goss One is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.

### Cookies:

A “cookie” is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows Goss One to recognize you each time you visit this site(customization etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and Goss One does not use cookies to collect personal information. Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content providers such as news feeds.

### Google and DoubleClick DART Cookies:

  * Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site.
  * Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to this site and other sites on the Internet.
  * Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).



### Visitor Tracking:

Goss One makes use of analytical softwares such as Google Analytics for statistical purposes. For the purpose of stats your IP (Internet Protocol) Address, browser, screen resolution, operating system are captured. We at Techie Buzz use this information only for statistical purpose and do not share it with any third party.

### User Comments:

Goss One allows users to comment on the site. However we hold all rights to accept or reject any comments based on our discretion. While commenting on Goss One please refrain from using content that is not suitable.

### Remember The Risks Whenever You Use The Internet:

While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to Goss One and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information. In addition other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through Goss One have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions.

### Copyrights:

Gossone.com authors take all precautions while posting the content and multi-media content. But if you find any copyright infringement in terms of the multimedia content and the subject matter that is posted in this blog and you consider it as a violation of the copyright norms, please drop an email. We will immediately take the suitable action. Please do not copy contents or complete articles from Gossone.com. without permission. If you wish to publish any article on print media or other websites, [drop us a mail](http://www.gossone.com/contact-us).

### Disclosure:

This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.

The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

The owner(s) of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner(s) of this blog receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, we always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the bloggers’ own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.

This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

To get your own policy, go to http://www.disclosurepolicy.org  
Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.

**Free subscription:** Subscribe [**RSS feed**](http://feeds.feedburner.com/GossOne) or get daily tips in your email 

_* Click confirmation link sent in email * Got no email, check spam folder_

815 views, 1 so far today | 

[](http://www.gossone.com/showbiz-news/kim-kardashian-shows-off-her-body-in-tight-dress-photo)
