> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vbs.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130603180607id_/http%3A//www.vice.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | VICE United States

The Effective Date of this **Privacy Policy** is May 6th, 2012.

This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through Vice Media, Inc.’s. (“VICE”) web sites that post this Privacy Policy, including any features, applications, widgets or online services that post a link to this Privacy Policy, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or otherwise (collectively, " **Sites** "). This Privacy Policy only covers information collected via the Sites and does not cover any information collected at any other web site or offline by VICE (unless specifically stated at the time of collection).  This Privacy Policy explains VICE's information collection practices at the Sites, such as the types of information VICE collects regarding visitors to the Sites and how we may use that information. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. In addition, please review the [Terms of Use](http://www.vice.com/terms-of-use), which governs your use of the Sites.

**WE FULLY DESCRIBE OUR PRIVACY PRACTICES BELOW IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.   THIS OVERVIEW HIGHLIGHTS SOME IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS AND OUR USE AND SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION, BUT PLEASE REVIEW OUR FULL PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING OUR SITE.**

**VICE WORKS WITH NETWORK ADVERTISERS, AD AGENCIES AND OTHER VENDORS TO SERVE ADS ON THIRD PARTY WEB SITES AND ACROSS THE INTERNET.   WE ALSO USE ANALYTICS PROVIDERS TO PROVIDE US WITH INFORMATION REGARDING USE OF THE SITE AND THE EFFECTIVENESS OF OUR ADVERTISEMENTS. YOU MAY ALSO SEE THIRD PARTY ADS ON THE SITE AND THOSE ADS MAY BE SERVED BY A THIRD PARTY. THESE OTHER COMPANIES MAY COLLECT CERTAIN INFORMATION ABOUT YOUR VISITS TO THIS OR OTHER WEB SITES IN CONNECTION WITH SERVING ADVERTISEMENTS AND PROVIDING US WITH ANALYTICS INFORMATION. PLEASE REVIEW “THIRD PARTY ANALYTICS PROVIDERS AND AD SERVERS” FOR ADDITIONAL INFORMATION.  YOU MAY ALSO WISH TO VISIT <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>, WHICH PROVIDES ADDITIONAL INFORMATION AND AN OPT OUT MECHANISM FOR MANY OF THE THIRD PARTY AD SERVERS WE USE TO SERVE OUR ADVERTISEMENTS ACROSS THE INTERNET AND ON OUR SITES. ** .

**WITH REGARD TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, WE PRIMARILY USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH US AND YOUR EXPERIENCE ON THE SITE.CLICK HERE FOR THE FULL DESCRIPTION OF THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT. PLEASE REMEMBER THAT IF YOU PARTICIPATE IN FORUMS AND OTHER SOCIAL NETWORKING FEATURES ON THE SITES, YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE MADE PUBLIC.  NOTE THAT WE DO NOT SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES FOR THEIR MARKETING PURPOSES UNLESS YOU CONSENT TO SUCH SHARING BUT WE DO SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES UNDER CERTAIN LIMITED CIRCUMSTANCES – CLICK HERE FOR MORE DETAILS REGARDING WHEN WE MAY SHARE INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES.**

Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, residents of the State of California have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed certain categories of personal information during the preceding year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, and the categories of personal informationthe company shares. Alternatively, the law provides that a company that has a privacy policy that provides consumers choice (opt-out or opt-in) regarding sharing personal information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes may instead provide information on how to exercise that choice. VICE qualifies for the alternative option; it has a comprehensive privacy policy that sets forth that VICE provides you choice prior to sharing your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  If you do not opt-in or if you do not choose to opt-out at the time VICE offers that choice, VICE does not share your information with that identified third party for its direct marketing purposes.

If you are a California resident and you have questions about our practices with respect to sharing information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes and your ability to exercise choice, please send your request to the following email address: [privacy@vice.com](mailto:privacy@vice.com) or write to us at the following mailing address: 99 North 10th Street, Brooklyn, New York 11211, Attn: IT Department. You must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field of your e-mail or include it in your writing if you choose to write to us at the designated mailing address. You must include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.

For more information about our privacy practices, including when your information may be shared with third parties for purposes other than the direct marketing use by third parties, please review our full privacy policy below.

The Sites may ask you to provide personally identifiable information, which is information that could be used to identify you as a specific individual, such as your name or e-mail address (“ **Personal Information** ”) and other information about you, such as demographic information (your gender, ZIP code or similar information) or certain information about your preferences and interests. The Sites may collect Personal Information and other information about you at various places and forms on the Sites, including registration forms, when you submit a question to us, or when you otherwise communicate or interact with us. If we combine demographic or similar information with the Personal Information we collect, we will treat it as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.

VICE may use your information, including your Personal Information: (1) to allow you to participate in features we offer; (2) to provide related customer service, including, without limitation, to respond to your questions, complaints or comments; (3) to provide you with information or services that you have requested or agreed to receive (either by opting in or choosing not to opt-out); (4) to process your registration with the Sites, including verifying that your e-mail address is active and valid; (5) to improve the Sites or our services, to customize your experience on the Sites, or to serve you specific content that is most relevant to you, including serving you the web site or specific content related to the country we believe is applicable based on your geographic location **;** (6) to contact you with regard to your use of the Sites and, in our discretion, changes to the Site policies; (7) for internal business purposes; and (8) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your Personal Information or otherwise with your consent.

Please note that information submitted to the Sites via a "contact us” or other similar function may not receive a response. We will not use the information provided via these functions to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your request unless we disclose otherwise at the time you submit your request.

The Sites are general audience web sites and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children younger than the age of thirteen (13). We will delete any Personal Information collected that we later determine to be from an individual younger than the age of thirteen (13).  
 

You may be able to submit comments, ideas, reviews, suggestions and other content (" **User Content** ") to the Sites and to post your User Content publicly on message boards chat rooms and other public areas (collectively, “ **Community Forums** ”).

**_Note that anything you post to a Community Forum is public_. **Information you choose to post or make available in the Community Forums may be viewed, collected and used by others.  If you choose to voluntarily disclose User Content, the protections of this Privacy Policy will not cover your disclosure of that information or content. Think carefully before you post and use caution before disclosing any Personal Information. 

VICE may publish User Content online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or later developed). **Subject to applicable law, we may also publish your name, voice, likeness and other Personal Information with your User Content, and VICE may use the content, or any portion of the content, for advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities.   **For full terms and conditions regarding User Content you submit, please review our [Terms of Use](http://www.vice.com/terms-of-use).

Also, if you choose to “like” content on one of the Sites, to tweet from the Sites or to otherwise post information from or via the Sites to a third party web site, feature or application, that information may be public and the third party may have access to information about you and your use of our Sites. 

If you send someone else a communication from the Sites, such as sending a video to a friend, the information you provide (names, e-mail addresses, etc.) is used on a one-time basis to facilitate the communication and is not used for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person.

We, as well as any third-party advertisers, service providers and content providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect certain Site usage information whenever you visit or interact with us or our content found elsewhere on the internet (“ **Usage Information** ”). Usage Information may include browser type, operating system, all of the areas within our Sites that you visit, including content that you browse, and the time of day, among other information.We may use Usage Information for a variety of purposes, including to enhance or otherwise improve the Sites and our services. In addition, we automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier (“ **Device Identifier** ”) for the particular device you use to access the Sites. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer, mobile phone, or other device used to access the Sites (each, a " **Device** ") and our servers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. Some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the Device used to access our Sites. Usage Information is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we treat it as Personal Information.

The methods that may be used to collect Usage Information include the following:

###  Cookies

A cookie is a data file placed on a Device when it is used to visit one of our Sites or otherwise access our online content. Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to our web pages.

A Flash cookie is a data file placed on a Device via the Adobe Flash plugin that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your Device.  Flash cookies may be used for various purposes, including, without limitation, enabling a Flash feature and remembering your preferences. For more information about Flash and the privacy choices Adobe offers, visit <http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html>. If you choose to disable cookies or to adjust your Flash privacy settings on your Device, some features of the Sites may not function properly.

###  Web Beacons

Small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as "1x1 GIFs" or "clear GIFs") may be included in the Sites’ web pages and e-mail messages. Web beacons may be invisible to you, but any electronic image or other web programming code inserted into a web page or e-mail can act as a web beacon. Web beacons or similar technologies may be used for a number of purposes including, without limitation, to count visitors to the Sites, to monitor how users navigate the Sites, to count how many e-mails sent were actually opened or to count how many forwarded links were actually viewed.

###  Embedded Scripts

An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Sites, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Sites, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.

We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you are on another web site and you agree to receive information from a Site or VICE, that web site will forward your contact and other information to us so that we may contact you as requested. You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature on our Sites (such as posting to your page on a third party service or otherwise linking the Sites with another web site or interactive service) or on a third party web site or service (such as one of our Facebook applications or a similar application or feature on a third party web site or service) through which you post content or allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including Personal Information. The information we collect is subject to this Privacy Policy. The information collected and stored by the third party remains subject to the third party’s privacy practices, including whether the third party continues to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on that third party web site and service. The third party may allow you to remove the application or feature, in which case we will no longer collect information about you through the application or feature, but we may retain the information previously collected. In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third party web site or service give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections” or information about you is otherwise accessible through your “connections” web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third party web site, application or interactive service.

We also may verify or supplement the information we collect with outside records from third parties in order to provide you with information, services or goods you have requested, to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We may combine the information we receive from those other sources with information we collect through the Sites. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to the combined information.

VICE may share non-personally identifiable information, such as aggregated user statistics and Usage Information, with third parties and third parties, including third party advertisers, content providers and analytics providers, may collect such information when you visit the Sites. We do not share your Personal Information with third parties for those third parties' marketing purposes unless you agree to such sharing. We may share the information we have collected about you, including Personal Information, as disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with you consent, and as described below or otherwise in this Privacy Policy.

When You Agree To Receive Information From Third Parties Or Otherwise Request That We Share Your Information.You may be presented with an opportunity to receive information and/or marketing offers from one or more third parties. If you agree at that time to have your Personal Information shared, your Personal Information will be disclosed to that third party (or parties) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of that third party. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of third parties, and, if you later decide that you no longer want to receive communications from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly.

You also may request, sometimes through your use of an interactive feature or third party application, that we share information about you with a third party and we will typically do so under those circumstances. For example, if you “like” content on our Sites, information about you may transfer to the third party offering that application on our Sites and to the third party web site to which you are posting.

Third Parties Providing Services on our Behalf. We may use third party service providers to perform certain services on behalf of the Sites, such as hosting the Sites, designing and/or operating the Sites’ features, analyzing users' interactions with the Sites, send communications, or performing other administrative services. We may provide these companies with access to user information, including Personal Information, to carry out the services they are performing for you or for the Sites.

Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions. We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a "Promotion") that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the terms, conditions or official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice, likeness or other indicia of persona in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, Personal Information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion's official rules, such as on a winners list.

Administrative and Legal Reasons. We may also transfer and disclose user information, including Personal Information, to third parties: (i) in the event we are required to respond to subpoenas or other legal process or if in our opinion such disclosure is required by law; (ii) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; or (iii) to protect and/or defend the Sites’ Terms of Use or other policies applicable to the Sites or to protect the personal safety, rights, property or security of any individual. We may also use Device Identifiers (e.g., IP addresses) to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, Internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies, in our discretion. These disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.

Business Transfers. VICE may share Personal Information with its subsidiaries and affiliates for internal business reasons.  VICE also reserves the right to disclose and transfer all information related to the Sites, including Personal Information: (i) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Sites or component of the Sites, such as a database; or (ii) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of certain of VICE's ownership interests, assets, or both, or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process.

VICE works with network advertisers, ad agencies and other vendors to serve VICE related ads on third party web sites and across the Internet and we use analytics providers to provide us with information regarding the use of the Sites and the effectiveness of the advertisements that we place elsewhere on the Internet, in third party applications or elsewhere. You may also see third party ads on the site and those ads may be served by a third party. These other companies may collect certain information about your visits to this or other web sites in connection with serving advertisements and providing us with analytics information. Additionally, ad network providers, advertisers, ad agencies, analytics service providers and other vendors may set and access their own tracking technologies on your Device (including cookies and web beacons) and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you, including Usage Information.

Cookies and web beacons, including those set by third party network advertisers, may be used to, among other things, target advertisements, prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to you. We may share Usage Information about visitors with third party advertising companies, analytics providers and other vendors for the same purposes.  We may use a variety of companies to serve our advertisements. For additional information, you may wish to visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>, which also provides an “opt-out” for many of the third party ad servers we use to serve our advertisements across the internet and on our Sites.

You may cancel or modify your subscriptions to e-mails you have elected to receive from the Sites by following the instructions contained within an e-mail you receive from the Sites. Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of the Sites (for example, administrative and service announcements) and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you opt-out from marketing communications. If you sign up to receive SMS or MMS messages that may be offered on the Sites, you may unsubscribe from any text messages received by replying "STOP.”

The Sites may contain content that is hosted and served by third parties, which may include third party widgets (such as those that allow you to share content with third party web sites and online services), and those third parties may collect Site usage information and your Device Identifier when web pages from the Sites are served to your Device. And, the Sites may contain links to other third party web sites that VICE does not control. In addition, VICE widgets may be included on web pages and web sites that are not associated with us, and over which we have no control. These other web sites may send their own cookies to your Device, independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. VICE is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party

The Sites are operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using the Sites or our features or providing us with any information, you consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States, a jurisdiction in which the privacy laws may not be as comprehensive as those in the country where you reside and/or are a citizen.

VICE takes commercially reasonable steps to help protect and secure Personal Information. However, no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be completely secure. Please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information we collect, and that you use our Sites and provide us with your information at your own risk.

VICE reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy. However, VICE will not, without your consent, use your Personal Information in a manner materially different than what was stated at the time it was collected.
