> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the legendsoflearning.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190413101410id_/https%3A//www.legendsoflearning.com/terms-and-conditions/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Legends of Learning Privacy Policy - Legends of Learning

## Legends of Learning Privacy Policy

_Last updated June 1, 2017_

Welcome to Legends of Learning!

We are committed to protecting the privacy of students and educators while providing schools, teachers and children with an engaging learning atmosphere where students learn through playing curriculum aligned games. Your privacy is important to us.

This Privacy Policy describes the ways in which Legends of Learning collects, uses, and discloses information about you and the students who use our in school online game based learning and content platform (the “Platform”), and any other websites, applications, and online services that link to this policy, (collectively, with the Platform, the “Services”). By using the Services, you agree to the handling of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Users of the Services include children who use the gaming and educational portion of the Services in the classroom (“Student Users”), teachers using our Services in the classroom to educate Student Users and who also use the administrative and reporting portions of the Services (“Teacher Users”) and non-teacher employees of Educational Institutions (as defined below) such as principals and administrators (collectively referred to as, “Administrative Users”).

## Summary of Key Points

You should read our entire Privacy Policy and also the Legends of Learning Terms and Conditions. We have included some important points below:

• The Platform and our Services are backed by our Student Safe guarantee. This means that a child using our Platform in a school setting will never be subject to any form of advertisements in the Platform.

• During the registration of a Student User we will ask a Teacher User or an Administrative User to provide basic information about each Student User or have each Student User provide such information, such as the Student User’s first and last name and/or initial, to create a username.

• Because the security of your personal information is important to us, we employ physical, technical, and administrative security measures to safeguard all information collected by the Services. In addition, Teacher Users and Administrative Users (collectively, referred to as “School Users”) may contact us at any time as described in the Section of this Privacy Policy titled “Contact Us” to request that we provide for their review, or delete from our records, any personally identifiable information they have provided about Student Users associated with their account, or to cease collecting personally identifiable information from certain Student Users. We will handle these requests as set forth in the Section entitled “How to Access, Change, or Delete Account Information”.

## Legends of Learning Website Visitors

Like many website operators, when someone visits our website at www.legendsoflearning.com or any other site which references this Privacy Policy, whether they use our Services or not, we collect information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. We also collect Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and mobile device ID. Our purpose in collecting such information is to understand better how visitors use our website.

## Legends of Learning Accounts and Users

How we collect, use, and disclose information depends on the type of account and the type of user. We currently have three types of accounts: 1) Teacher Accounts; 2) School Accounts; and 3) Student Accounts.

• Teacher Accounts are established directly by a Teacher User for use in the classroom via the website (“ **Teacher Accounts** ”);

• School Accounts are provided to Teacher Users by an Administrative User (“ **School Accounts** ”, and together with Teacher Accounts, an “Account”) and are only for schools, school districts, or other licensed educational institutions or programs (each, an “ **Educational Institution** ”);

• Student Accounts can only be created by a Teacher User or Administrative User in conjunction with an Account.

When the primary account is a School Account, Student Accounts will be populated in coordination with the Educational Institution. Student Users will be given login information in accordance with the policy of their Educational Institution. When the primary account is a Teacher Account, Student Users are given Student Accounts by using a name or nickname assigned by the Teacher User or generated by the Student User in coordination with the Teacher User.

## Consent by School Districts and Teachers

**Our Services are not offered directly to students or parents.** School Users must first sign up for an Account, and then create or invite Student Users to create Student Accounts. If we learn that a student of any age has created a non-Student Account, that account will be deleted.

**School Users hereby consent to our collecting and using the Student User data described in this Privacy Policy by creating Student Accounts or providing playlist codes for Student Users to create Student Accounts and use the Services.**

When School Users create an Account and invite Student Users to create Student Accounts, they are acting on behalf of parents to give Legends of Learning permission to collect the information described in this Privacy Policy, and we are acting as a service provider to the School User.

## Types of Information We Collect

**Information Users Provide to Us:**

We and our third-party service providers collect information that School Users provide when using the Services, including when creating an account or contacting us with a question, comment, or request, interacting with our community message boards, and when Student Users participate in learning activities on the Platform.

Student Users will be asked to provide their first and last name or a nickname in order to access the Platform.

School Users may provide information about themselves in the following situations:

o When registering for any Teacher Account: users will be requested to provide their first and last name and email address, subjects and grades they teach, school name, and the school’s physical address. Teacher Users will also need to provide the first and last name (or nickname) of Student Users who will be accessing the Services through their Teacher Account.

o When purchasing the Service: Teacher Users will be asked to provide payment card information. Payment card information is shared with our third-party provider, Stripe, for payment processing and we do not retain this information.

o If they choose to: School Users may choose to provide additional information through a separate password-protected section of the Services that allows School Users to administer their accounts, including reviews of the Platform, customer testimonials, customer support, comments and questions or, in the case of Administrative Users, adding Teacher Users, Student Users, and reviewing Student User and Teacher User data.

o When using the community message boards: Teacher Users will be provided with a username which may contain their first and/or last name, and will be requested to provide their email address. Teacher users may choose to upload a picture or avatar of themselves to identify them in the message board.

**You represent that you have the authority to provide all information, including any information relating to other individuals for use by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You further represent that you are authorized to consent to our collection of information from Student Users in accordance with this privacy policy.**

**Information Collected Automatically:**

We and our third-party service providers automatically collect information from users of the Services during their use of the Services. For example, from School Users, we may collect information about patterns of usage, length of usage, review and game play, credit receipt and purchase history, and referral history. From Student Users, we may collect information including patterns of usage, activity commencement and completion, student performance on a game or other piece of content including any correspondence between the Student User and their teacher (collectively, the “ **Content** ”) and the number of questions answered correctly or incorrectly in Content. We may record all of any part of an activity performed or a game played by a Student User.

We and our third-party service providers also use a variety of technologies, such as cookies (small text files that the Services save on your computer or mobile device), to automatically collect certain technical information from your computer or mobile device over time and across different websites including when you use the Services, such as your browser type, operating system, device type, the page served, your IP address, your mobile device ID, the websites you visited prior to visiting the Services as well as what information and files have been downloaded from the Services based on your device ID. We use session cookies, which expire once you close your web browser, and persistent cookies, which remain on your computer or mobile device after you have signed offline and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the website. We also use pixel tags, clear gifs, web bugs, or web beacons, which are transparent graphic images placed on the website or in emails we send to you. They are used to track how you use the website, similar to cookies, and the actions you take in emails (opening the emails, clicking on links in the emails, etc.).

## Analytics

We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“ **Google** ”). Google Analytics may set cookies on your browser or mobile device or read cookies that are already there to collect information. Google Analytics may also receive information about you from apps you have downloaded that partner with Google. Google Analytics collects information such as how often you visit our website, what pages you visit within our website, and what other sites you visited prior to coming to our website. We use the information provided by Google Analytics to improve our website and the Services. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information.

For more information regarding how Google collects, uses, and shares your information please visit http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ . By using our website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google as described here and in Google’s privacy policy. For choices on how your data is collected by Google Analytics see “ **Your Choices** ” below.

We also use [FullStory](https://www.fullstory.com/legal/privacy) to record activities performed and games played by Student Users as well as collect other usage information.

## How We Use The Information Collected

We and our third-party service providers may use the information collected from users for the purposes set forth below. Information collected about Student Users will not be used for marketing or advertising purposes. Information collected from School Users may be for:

o **Marketing and Advertising** : To serve you with relevant online advertisements of our products and to send you marketing, professional development and training communications, or newsletters, from us that we believe may be of interest to you and to measure the effectiveness of our marketing to potential users of our Services.

We will not knowingly send any such communications to Student Users. If you believe a Student User may have received such a marketing communication, please contact us as described in the Section entitled “Contact Us” below and we will stop such communications. For options regarding receiving marketing communications please see Section entitled “Your Choices” below.

o **Providing the Services** : To permit you to register and use the Services, process your payment, provide you with customer service or tech support, respond to your inquiries, provide you with training and communicate with you about the Service including, for example, sending you communications about Student User progress or an Account and maintaining the community message board.

o **Additional Services** : To allow you to participate in surveys, research studies and other educationally relevant activities. Some of these have rules that could contain additional details about how we use and disclose your information and all such rules will be provided to you.

o **Improving the Services** : To allow us to gain a better understanding of the use of our Services; to assess and improve the Services, their educational content, and other services we provide and to customize, adapt, and to personalize users’ viewing and playing experience. For example, by recommending certain Content and playlists of Content based on the characteristics and performance of a user and their learning needs; or by providing progress reports on a Student User’s performance in activities.

o **Compliance with Law and Agreements** : As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities; (d) to detect violations of and enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates, including the security of the Services; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.

## What Student User Information Can Other Users See?

For School Accounts, the Administrative Users designated by the Educational Institution can access all information we collect about Student Users in their School Account that we make available through the web-based user interface in our Platform. This includes the recording of all games played and activities performed by a Student User using the Services. Administrative Users can delegate the right to view student information in accordance with the policy of their Educational Institution. Each Teacher User within an Educational Institution can only view information relating to Student Users in classes taught by that Teacher User (unless granted additional access by an Administrative User). With a School Account, we will share information with third parties at the direction of the Educational Institution, and it is the Educational Institution’s responsibility to make such requests in a manner that is consistent with their internal policies and the law.

For Teacher Accounts, the Teacher User can access all information we collect about Student Users interacting with our Services under that particular Teacher User’s Account. A Teacher User cannot see any information we collect related to a Student Users interaction with our Services in a different Teacher Users Account.

## How We Share your Information

**Advertising** : We allow third-party advertising networks to use tracking technologies like cookies and web beacons, described above, to collect information about users, other than Student Users. **Tracking technologies are not used in the areas of the Platform used by Student Users or in the community message board.** The tracking technologies allow the third parties to deliver interest-based advertisements of our products and services on other websites or on social media networks and provide us with statistics about the effectiveness of our advertising on third-party websites.

We do not disclose the personally identifiable information of any Student User to third parties for their research, marketing or promotional purposes.

**Message board** : When you use our message board any School User or other message board including Legends of Learning staff and game developers would be able to see your username, chosen picture and any content you post on the board.

Information collected from users of the Services may be disclosed by us as follows:

• **Service Providers** : To third parties who perform certain services for us, such as to process payment cards, perform analytics on usage of our Services, conduct or evaluate research (such as on the educational efficacy of the Services) or administer marketing campaigns (which will not target Student Users), provided that the service providers we use agree to keep the information confidential and to use it only for purposes that are permitted by this Privacy Policy.

• **Compliance with law or agreements** : As we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities; (d) to detect violations of and enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates, including the security of the Platform and Services; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety, or property, or that of our affiliates, you, or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.

• **Data Transfers** : When transferring data to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or in the event of a consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our assets in bankruptcy or otherwise, Legends of Learning may transfer data to a third party provided that any such party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy and Legends of Learning’s Information Security Practices.

We may share, at our discretion, information that has been anonymized so that it does not identify a specific user through de-identification or aggregation (“De-Identified Data”) to third parties, and we do not limit our third-party providers from using, selling, licensing, distributing, or disclosing De-Identified Data.

Compiling information: In order to provide or improve our services or the services of our third-party providers and to better tailor our interactions with you, we or our third-party services providers or their respective third-party providers may combine the information about you that we share with them with contact and social media information related to you that they collect from publicly available sources (e.g. Internet, social networks, or public or licensed APIs); from third parties who license, sell, or otherwise provide data they have collected, for example, Stripe may acquire information about you from identification/verification services such as credit bureaus.

## How to Access, Change, or Delete Account Information

School Users can review or change the information they provided when registering for the Services by accessing the teacher or administrator dashboard. By contacting us as described in the Section titled “Contact Us” below, School Users may request that we provide for their review, or delete from our records, any personally identifiable information they have provided about Student Users associated with their Account, or to cease collecting personally identifiable information from those Student Users, as applicable. Please keep in mind that a request to delete personally identifiable information may lead to the cancelation of your Account. When we change or delete any personally identifiable information at your request, we will make good faith efforts to make the changes in our then active databases so that the personally identifiable information will no longer be used in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. Changing setting options may not result in immediate changes to the settings, which are subject to our operations and maintenance schedules.

## Account Cancelation and Reactivation; Data Retention

At any time, Teacher Users, with the exception of School Accounts, may cancel their Teacher Account by emailing us at support@legendsoflearning.com or by contacting us as described in the Section titled “Contact Us” below. For Teacher Users, if you cancel your Teacher Account, we will remove all personally identifiable information associated with the Teacher Account (“ **Account Information** ”) from our live databases within seventy-two (72) hours after the cancelation. Please note that canceling an entire Teacher Account will result in the loss of activities and progress data for every Student User. If a Teacher Account is not canceled, we will remove all Account Information from our active databases twenty-four (24) months after the last activity on the Teacher Account. The twenty-four (24) month period is provided so that you have the ability, following inactivity, to reactivate your account and potentially recover previous information about your Student Users and their progress and performance. However, we provide no guarantee, and shall have no liability or obligation to ensure, that and Platform-related progress will be available or accessible.

Cancellation, re-activation and deletion of Account Information for a School Account is subject to the terms of the agreement between us and the Educational Institution.

We will retain personally identifiable information about you for as long as necessary in order to provide the Services. We will retain and use this personally identifiable information only as long as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements and then delete it.

Even if you request to close your account, keep in mind that deletion by third parties to whom the information had been provided may not be immediate, and the deleted information may persist in backup copies for a reasonable period of time (but will not be available to others).

Following a Teacher Account cancelation, we may continue to use de-identified Teacher and Student User information for our internal support, research studies, administrative, and record keeping purposes including, but not limited to, marketing the Services and allowing us to improve the Services we provide through research, evaluation, and analytics.

## Your Choices About Your Information

**Email:** You can stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications. We make efforts to promptly process all unsubscribe requests. You may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., changes/updates to features of the Services, and technical and security notices). If you have any questions about Service-related communications or unsubscribing from our communications, you can contact us directly as set forth in the Section entitled “Contact Us”.

Cookies and other technologies: Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the website may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. Turning off the browser’s cookies will prevent web beacons from tracking your specific activity. The web beacon may still record an anonymous visit from your IP address, but unique information will not be recorded. If you do not want to receive tracking pixels, you will need to disable HTML images in your email client, and that may affect your ability to view images in other emails that you receive. To find out how to see what cookies have been set and how to reject and delete the cookies, please visit: http://www.aboutcookies.org.

**Analytics:** You can control the information provided to Google and opt out of certain ads provided by Google by using the methods set forth at <http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/> or by using the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>.

You can opt out of collection of information by FullStory by using the opt out provided at <https://www.fullstory.com/optout>. As this is provided by a cookie, disabling cookies on your browser may interfere with the performance of this opt out.

**Advertising:** You can understand which third parties have currently enabled cookies for your browser or mobile device and how to opt out of some of those cookies by accessing <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp> or <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/> from your browser and from your mobile device. If you use multiple browsers or devices, you will need to opt out on each browser or device. Even if you opt out of targeted advertising you will continue to see advertising of a generic nature.

## Children’s Privacy

The website is not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13. You must be 18 or older to purchase any of our Services. Any personally identifiable information collected from children under the age of 13 in the course of their use of the Content in the School setting will be collected only subject to permissions provided from the school. In the event that we learn that we have collected personally identifiable information from a child under age 13, not in the scope of such consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13 outside the scope of consent explained above, please contact us as described in the Section entitled “Contact Us” below.

## Links and References to Other Services

Our Service does not include or provide links to external websites or applications. Our Service may, however, provide a reference to an external website or application. These websites and applications are governed by their own privacy policies or information collection practices, which may be substantially different from ours. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and information collection practices of those linked websites and apps, as those parties’ practices are not subject to this Privacy Policy.

## Location of Information Processing

The Services are controlled and operated by us exclusively from the United States and are intended for us exclusively in the United States. We disclaim and have no liability for use of Services not in compliance with laws outside the United States. In addition, your information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the United States, whose data protection, privacy, and other laws may not provide the same level of protection as those in your country of residence. For example, government entities in the United States and other countries may have certain rights to access your personally identifiable information. By using our website or the Service, you understand and consent to the collection, storage, processing, and transfer of your information to our facilities in the United States and to those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.

## Security

The security of your personal information is important to us, and we employ physical, technical, and administrative security measures to safeguard the information collected by the Services. For example, all personally identifiable information collected by us is transferred over https and stored by us or by a third-party provider for us on a server in a secure environment. We provide access to such information only to our employees, our partners and any sub-contractors who need the information to perform a specific service. For processing your credit card information, we use a PCI DSS certified provider. Please be aware, however, that no information system can be guaranteed to be one hundred percent (100%) secure, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information. Moreover, we are not responsible for the security of information you transmit to the Services over networks that we do not control, including the Internet and wireless networks. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is not secure, please contact us as described in the Section entitled “Contact Us” below.

## Browser Do Not Track

Our website does not support Do Not Track at this time. Do Not Track (DNT) is a privacy preference you can set in your web browser to indicate that you do not want certain information about your web page visits collected across websites when you have not interacted with that service on the page. For all the details, including how to turn on Do Not Track, visit www.donottrack.us

## Changes to Our Privacy Policy

If we update this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Services, and for certain revisions that materially expand the ways in which we use or share the information previously collected from you through the Services, we will either display an alert next to the Privacy Policy, display an alert on the Services, or directly communicate with you in advance of the changes taking effect. Your continued use of the website or the Service after the changes have been made will constitute your acceptance of the changes. Please, therefore, make sure you read any such notice carefully. If you do not wish to continue using the website or Services under the new version of the Policy, please cease using the website and the Services.

## Contact Us

Questions regarding this Privacy Policy and issues related to you or a Student User’s information for which you are responsible should be directed to us via any of the following methods:

Email Address: contact@legendsoflearning.com

Mailing Address: 888-676-7771

Legends of Learning, Inc.  
Attention: General Counsel’s Office  
500 North Capitol Street, NW, Suite 230  
Washington, D.C. 20001
