> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 360.io privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140622001836id_/http%3A//occipital.com/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Occipital - Privacy

Occipital Privacy Policy

  1. Introduction


  1. It is the policy of Occipital to respect the privacy of individuals who create accounts and/or provide information to us.  Please read the following privacy policy (“Policy”) carefully as it describes the information we collect from you and how we use it.


  2. Definitions.  As used in this Policy,


  1. “Service” means any applications owned by Occipital, Inc., and any services that the applications interoperate with.
  2. “We” or “Occipital” means Occipital, Inc., and “you” means the individual using the Service
  3. “Content” means any photographs, pictures, content, text, artwork, files, programs, sound, graphics, video, data, and other similar materials
  4. “Media” means any means of conveying information, whether now known or hereafter devised


  3. Information we collect.


  1. We collect your name and sometimes email in connection with your registration for an account for the Service.  
  2. You may be automatically logged into other Services using the account you created for the Service, and we may share information across the Services. 
  3. The information that we collect from your device every time you use the Service, such as device identifier, device type, language and region settings, timestamp, and calendar type we do not consider personally identifiable on its own.  If you create a user account for the Service, we may link to your user account all the information that we had previously collected in connection with your device and use of the Service.
  4. The Service may be location-enabled, and you may be sending us location information such as GPS data, which may reveal your actual location.  You will have the option to opt-out of sending such data through your device’s location settings. 
  5. If you submit Content to the Service, or share Content using the Service, we may record the Content and associate it with a user account you have with the Service.  
  6. The Service may have various preferences to customize the user experience (for example, which accounts on other sites such as Twitter or Facebook that you prefer to share content on), and we may collect and maintain these preferences either on the device or on our servers. 
  7. We may keep a record of your various actions during usage of the Service including using such methods as cookies and single pixel images. These records may be kept on your device or on our servers depending on which part of the Service you are using.  This information will primarily be used to personalize your experience and for the internal purpose of improving the Service, and only ever displayed publicly in an aggregate manner.
  8. We may collect information from third party sources and associate it with your device or an account you have on the Service, for example, we may pull in your full name from Facebook or Twitter if you connect those accounts with your account on the Service.


  4. Uses of information collected.


  1. We primarily use information collected from you to improve and personalize your experience with the Service.  
  2. We may use the information for support, to develop new features, and to improve the overall quality of any of our Services.
  3. We may use information such as email to communicate with you for certain necessary reasons as account creation, forgotten passwords, security announcements, and notifications related to usage of the Service. Additionally, with your permission, we may also occasionally send you promotional messages
  4. We may also display the information collected in a non-personally identifiable, aggregate form for purposes such as demonstrating usage patterns or the effectiveness of a particular feature of the Service.
  5. We do NOT sell or rent any personally identifiable information about our users to any third party; except that we may sell or transfer your personally identifiable information to third parties in connection with any merger, acquisition, reorganization, change in capital structure or sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Occipital, Inc.


  5. Information sharing and onward transfer


  1. Any information sent through the Service may be using your mobile carrier's network and your carrier may have access to it. For information regarding your carrier's treatment of your information, please consult your carrier's privacy policies.
  2. If you decide to use third party services in conjunction with the Service, any information those third party services collect fall under their own privacy policy that you should review, since our Policy does not apply.
  3. Occipital uses third party services for a few select purposes such as email deliverability.  In these cases, third party service providers will be limited to the bare minimum of personal information needed to provide their service and we will make reasonable commercial effort to ensure their usage is in line with our Policy.
  4. The Service may allow you to interact and share your information with others.  Please consider carefully before disclosing any personal information or data.


  6. Your choices


  1. You can opt-out of any promotional emails we send by following the instructions in the email you receive. 
  2. You can opt-out of sharing location from your device by disabling location features entirely for the Application from your device settings (the exact steps to do so will vary based on your device).
  3. You can choose not to create an account with the Service and avoid giving us your name and email address, although many features of the Service may require the creation of an account. 
  4. If the Service is using cookies, you can turn them off in your browser settings, however the Service may require cookies for certain features. 
  5. In addition to these choices, the Service may have additional information which you can opt-out of sharing and features which you can chose not to use. Generally these choices will be available from within the Service itself, or in your device settings.


  7. Access to your information


  1. You can access and either edit or delete personally identifiable information such as name and email address through your account with the Service. 


  8. Security


  1. We protect sensitive information such as your password during transmission using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).
  2. If you create an account on the Service, your personal private information such as email is protected by a password or other authentication mechanism for security.  However, you need to protect against unauthorized access by doing things like making sure to log out when finished using a shared computer.


  9. Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance


  1. We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), since we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.


  10. Changes to our Privacy Policy


  1. This policy was last modified on September 9, 2013.
  2. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will update modification date above.


  11. Contacting Us 


  1. If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us at info@occipital.com.



Hello User 
