> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 360i.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191225180100id_/https%3A//360i.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy / Search Marketing & Social Media Focused Digital Marketing Agency | 360i

360i LLC Privacy Notice

Last updated: 12/18/2019

360i LLC (referred to as “our”, “us” and “we” in this notice) is an advertising agency that is part of a global media group. We help our clients to improve how they advertise and market, whether by print, post, email or on websites. We believe that the responsible use of data supports business growth and builds strong relationships between brand and consumer. As a business, we are committed to respecting and protecting the privacy of all individuals with whom we interact. We are committed to being transparent in our handling and processing of personal data at all times in accordance with applicable privacy and data protection laws. 

This Privacy Notice explains in detail the types of personal data we may collect about you when you interact with us on any website where this Privacy Notice appears. 360i LLC is the data controller of any personal data you provide to us, including in relation to this website. 

The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) provides California residents with additional rights with respect to their personal information. Those rights are explained below in Section 7 (Your California Rights). This Privacy Notice includes certain disclosures required under CCPA. 

**This Privacy Notice explains the following:**

In the Supplementary Information section of this Privacy Notice, we explain what is meant by “personal data”, “personal information” and other terms used in this notice.

  1. **INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT**

The type of information we collect will depend on the circumstances and the service you are using. Generally speaking, we will collect information relating to you and/or your use of our services in the following ways:

**Information relating to your use of the website**

We and our third-party service providers use cookies and other tracking tools to automatically collect information about how you use our website. This includes information relating to the pages you visit on our website, the services or information you search for and the links and content you choose to access on our website. We may use this information to provide you with relevant content and to inform our marketing strategy. This type of activity is known as “profiling” – using automated means to process your personal data to analyze or predict your personal preferences, interest or behaviors. You may object to profiling (see Section 5 of this Notice, below)

**Technical data**

We and our third-party service providers automatically collect information about the device(s) you use to access our website. This includes collecting information about the type of device you are using, as well as unique mobile device ID or the internet protocol (IP) address online identifiers, which are numbers that can uniquely identify a specific computer or other network device on the internet. This information is linked to a cookie ID, which we receive and process. You may find more information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them on our Cookie Notice below. We also collect information about your internet service provider and domain name and the type of browser and operating system you are using.

**Contact data**

We collect contact details directly from you when you sign-up to receive email alerts, attend one of our events, download our content, subscribe to our newsletters or where you ask us to respond to a query you have. The personal data we collect may include your name, email address, employer and job title, and location.

**Marketing and communications preferences**

We collect information about your preferences in receiving marketing information from us and your communication preferences.

  2. **HOW WE USE THIS INFORMATION**

    * to deliver the specific information or services you have requested;
    * to enable the download of our content;
    * to send you newsletters and advertising messages (these may contain information relating to our brands and services);
    * respond to your requests and feedback;
    * to analyse and/or improve our websites and services; and
    * to protect 360i LLC, our websites, customers, employees, and business partners from fraud or other malicious activity.

In the table below we set out further information about the purposes for which we use your personal data and the legal basis we rely on for its use. Note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful basis depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data. In the second column, we also specify how such personal data is categorized under CCPA. For more information about the categories of personal information under CCPA, see Your California Rights.

**Purpose/Activity** | **Types of personal data that may be processed (and CCPA categories of personal information)** | **Types of personal data that may be processed (and CCPA categories of personal information)**  
---|---|---  
To send you information about our services:
    * To send you information which you have requested e.g. newsletters or publications in accordance with your specified preferences
|  (a) Name

(b) Email address

(c) Company

(d) General location

(Identifiers: personal information; professional or employment related information) 

|  Where you have requested information from us, such as newsletters, publications or event invitations, we send such communications based on your consent. You can ask us to stop such communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the message.   
To improve and develop our website:
    * We conduct statistical analysis on your usage of the website e.g. to enable us to improve our website, offer new features and material etc.
|  (a) Technical

(b) Usage

(Identifiers: internet or other similar network activity) 

|  Necessary for our legitimate interest (to define types of clients for our services, to keep our website updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy).   
To deliver relevant content to you, and measure or understand the effectiveness of the content we serve to you.  |  (a) Name

(b) Email address

(c) Company

(d) General location

(e) Usage

(f) Marketing and communications

(g) Technical

(Identifiers; personal information; professional or employment related information; internet or other similar network activity) 

|  Necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how clients use our service and engage with our content. To develop our service, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy).   
    * To respond to any enquiries or feedback that you send us
    * To update you with any changes to our terms and conditions/other policies
|  (a) Name

(b) Email address

(c) Company

(d) General location

(Identifiers; personal information; professional or employment related information) 

|  It is in our legitimate interest to respond to communications that you send to us, inform you of relevant information in relation to the services that we provide and utilize your information to improve our business.   
To send you information on our products and services relevant to your needs  |  (a) Name

(b) Email address

(c) General Location

(d) Usage

(Identifiers; personal information; internet or other similar network activity) 

|  It is our legitimate interests to work out which of our products or services may interest you and tell you about them.   
To protect this website, our company, our employees, and our users from malicious attacks, hacking, fraud, or other illegal or unauthorized activity  |  (a) Name

(b) Email address

(c) General Location

(d) Usage

(e) Technical

(Identifiers; personal information; geolocation data; internet or other similar network activity) 

|  It is our legitimate interests to investigate and take steps to prevent potential fraud or other wrongdoing.   
To share information with our service providers.  |  (a) Name

(b) Email address

(c) Usage

(d) Marketing and communications

(e) Technical

(Identifiers; personal information ; internet or other similar network activity) 

|  It is our legitimate business interest to share your data with trusted third parties who provide us with services relevant to the provision of our website.   
To share information within the Dentsu Aegis Network group for business purposes.  |  (a) Name

(b) Email address

(c) Location

(d) Usage

(Identifiers; personal information; internet or other similar network activity) 

|  As Dentsu Aegis Network operates as a global operating media company, it is our legitimate business interest to share your data within the Dentsu Aegis Network group in order to manage our business effectively and provide our products and services.   
To share information with other third parties, such as regulator and law enforcement agencies  |  (a) Name

(b) Email address

(c) Location

(d) Usage

(e) Technical

(Identifiers; personal information; internet or other similar network activity; geolocation data) 

|  We share your data as necessary for compliance with any legal obligation to which we are subject or in order to satisfy our legitimate business interests.   
  3. **INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE**

_Information shared within the Dentsu Aegis Network_

The Dentsu Aegis Network is a globally operating media group consisting of multiple companies. Therefore, we may from time to time disclose your personal data within our group of companies. All of the categories of personal information under CCPA (see Your California Rights) may be shared (and have been shared within the last 12 months) within our group of companies.

_Information shared with our third-party service providers_

We use a number of third parties to perform business functions on our behalf, such as sending our newsletters and hosting our online services and customer relationship management. We will disclose personal data to these vendors and service providers to enable them to provide their services. All of the categories of personal information under CCPA (see Your California Rights) may be shared (and have been shared within the last 12 months) with our third-party service providers.

_Information shared due to corporate mergers or restructuring_

We may disclose personal data with any successor to all or part of our business. For example, if part of our business is sold, we may give our customer list as part of that transaction. All of the categories of personal information under CCPA (see Your California Rights) may be shared with any successor for this purpose.

_Information shared with other parties as required by law or to prevent or investigate illegal activities_

Where required or permitted by law, personal data may be provided to others, such as regulator and law enforcement agencies, for example in response to a court order or a subpoena, or in response to a law enforcement agency’s request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities or to protect [YOUR COMPANY], our websites, customers, employees, and business partners from fraud or other malicious activity, and as otherwise required by law. All of the categories of personal information under CCPA (see Your California Rights) may be used by us or shared with other parties for these purposes.

We may use and share personal data as otherwise disclosed to you from time to time when collecting your personal information or as otherwise permitted by law. All of the categories of personal information under CCPA (see Your California Rights) may be used by us or shared with other parties for these purposes.

We do not sell or rent any personal data about you to any third party, and have not done so within the past 12 months.

  4. **INTERNATIONAL AND GROUP COMPANY TRANSFERS**

Dentsu Aegis Network is a globally operating media group consisting of multiple companies. Therefore, we may from time to time disclose your personal data within our group of companies. Some of our group companies are located outside the European Union (“EU”) or European Economic Area (“EEA”), but we implement and maintain policies designed to ensure the security of such disclosures and transfers in accordance with the applicable privacy and data protection laws.

If you reside in the EU or EEA, we will only transfer your personal data outside the EU or EEA where we are satisfied that adequate levels of protection are in place designed to protect the integrity and security of any information being processed in compliance with applicable privacy and data protection laws. These measures may include, as applicable, the use of standard contractual/data protection clauses adopted by the European Commission and where transfers are to the United States of America, the EU-US Privacy Shield, Swiss-US Privacy Shield or your consent. Where we transfer personal data between our group companies we have covered these transfers by entering into standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission.

You may request further information on the measures used for such transfers via the contact details given in this Privacy Notice.

  5. **YOUR CHOICES**

You have certain choices about how we use your information.

You can control cookies and tracking tools. To learn more about your choices related to cookies and our Do-Not-Track Policy, please see our [Cookie Notice.](https://web.archive.org/privacy/#cookies)

You may choose not to receive marketing communications from us. You can ask us to stop such messages at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the message. Please note that even if you choose not to receive marketing communications from us, you still may receive non-marketing communications, such as responses to your inquiries or notices regarding your account or our relationship with you.

  6. **YOUR EU/EEA RIGHTS**

Under EU data protection law we are required to advise you on the legal basis for processing your personal data. For the most part, the processing of your personal information is based either on a) our legitimate interests related to us providing you services you have requested or otherwise your customer relationship with us, or b) your consent, where requested.

Where provided under applicable law, you may have the following rights:

    * **Object to our processing** of your personal data where we are relying on legitimate interest (or those of a third-party), and you want to object to processing on this ground, as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have a right to object where we are processing your personal data for the purposes of direct marketing or profiling. You can object at any time and we shall stop processing the information you have objected to, unless we can show compelling legitimate grounds to continue that processing.
    * **Access your personal data.** If you make this kind of request and we hold personal data about you. We are required to provide you with information on it, including a description and copy of the personal data and why we are processing it. We will require you to prove your identity before granting access to your personal data. We will process your request within the timeframe required under the relevant law.
    * **Request the transfer of your personal data.** We will provide to you or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Please note, this right applies to the personal data you have provided to us; and if we use your personal data on the basis of consent or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
    * **Request erasure (deletion) of your personal data.** You have a right to ask us to delete or remove your data where you have successfully exercised your right to object (see above), or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Please note, we may be required to retain certain information by law and/or for our own legitimate business purpose. But when we do so, we will inform you
    * **Request correction** or updating of your personal data. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected.
    * **Request the restriction of our processing** of your personal data in some situations. If you request this, we can continue to store your personal data but are restricted from processing it while the restriction is in place.
    * **Withdraw your consent.** Where you have provided your consent to our processing of your personal data you can withdraw your consent at any time. If you do withdraw consent, that will not affect the lawfulness of what we have done with your personal data before you withdrew consent.
    * **Make a Complaint.** We will do our best to resolve any complaint. However, if you feel we have not resolved your complaint, you have a right to make a complaint to your local data protection authority. For example, in the UK, the local data protection authority is the [UK Information Commissioner's Office.](https://ico.org.uk/)

If you exercise the rights above and there is any question about who you are, we may require you to provide information from which we can satisfy ourselves as to your identity.

  7. **YOUR CALIFORNIA RIGHTS**

    1. This section describes the rights that residents of California have and in other jurisdiction as provided by local law, and how to exercise such rights.

      1. __Right to Know about Personal Information Collected, Disclosed or Sold__

You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use, disclosure or sale of your personal information over the past 12 months. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access and Deletion Rights), and subject to certain limitations that we describe below, we will disclose such information. You have the right to request any or all of the following:

        * The categories of personal information we collected about you.
        * The categories of sources from which the personal information is collected.
        * Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
        * The categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
        * The specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request).
      2. __Right to Request Deletion__

You have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access and Deletion Rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records. However, we may retain personal information that has been de-identified or aggregated. Furthermore, we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) in order to perform certain actions set forth under CCPA, such as detecting security incidents and protecting against fraudulent or illegal activity.

      3. __Exercising Access and Deletion Rights__

Please submit a request to us by emailing us at [americas_dpo@dentsuaegis.com](mailto:americas_dpo@dentsuaegis.com).

Only you, or a person or business entity registered with the California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf (an “authorized agent”), may make the requests set forth above. You may also make a request on behalf of your minor child.

The request should include your contact information and describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it. In addition, you should provide sufficient information (including information that reasonably enables us verify the identifying information we currently maintain about you) that allows us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected the personal information or an authorized representative.

We will respond to consumer requests in a reasonably timely manner. If we require extra time to respond, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing. In order to protect the security of your personal information, we will not honor a request if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. The method used to verify your identity will depend on the type, sensitivity and value of the information, including the risk of harm to you posed by any authorized access or deletion. Generally speaking, verification will be performed by matching the identifying information provided by you to the personal information that we already have.

Any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding our receipt of your request (and will not be made more than twice in a 12-month period). If we cannot comply with a request, or cannot fully comply with a request, the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply.

      4. __Non-Discrimination__

We will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your CCPA rights, including, but not limited to, by:

        * Denying you goods or services.Charging you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
        * Providing you a different level or quality of goods or services.
        * Suggesting that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
  8. **OUR RESPONSIBILITY FOR WEBSITE LINKS**

This Privacy Notice is limited to the personal data collected by Dentsu Aegis Network. We do provide links within this site to other websites, including social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. If you follow these links, your use of these sites will be governed by their applicable user and privacy notices since their data practices fall outside the scope of this Privacy Notice. Further, we can have no responsibility for or control over the information collected by any third-party website and we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you may provide on such websites.

  9. **UPDATES**

This Privacy Notice may be updated from time to time to reflect changes in law, best practice or a change in our practices regarding the treatment of personal data. The date of the most recent revision will appear at the top of this page. If you do not agree to the changes, please do not continue to use our services and please refrain from sharing your personal data with us. You should check this notice frequently for updates.

  10. **CHILDREN**

This website is not intended for children aged 16 or under. We do not actively seek to collect personal data about children aged 16 or under. If you have any concerns about your child’s privacy in relation to our services, or if you believe that your child under the age of 16 may have entered personal data onto our website, please contact us at dpo@dentsuaegis.com. We will delete such personal data from our records or seek verifiable parental or legal guardian consent to retain such information within a reasonable time.

  11. **CONTACT US**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Notice, our approach to privacy or you would like to exercise any of the rights mentioned in this Privacy Notice you can contact our Data Protection Officer in any of the following ways:

**Address:**

Legal Department  
360i LLC  
32 Avenue of the Americas, 6th Floor  
New York, NY 10013  


**Email:** [privacy@360i.com](mailto:%20privacy@360i.com)

**SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION**

In this Supplementary Information section, we explain some of terminology used in this Privacy Notice.

**“data controller”** – the person or company that controls the purposes and means of processing personal data.

**"personal data"** – any information that relates to you (or from which you can be identified).

**“personal information”** – information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, or is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. “Personal information” excludes information that is lawfully made available from federal, state or local government records as well as de-identified or aggregated information.

**“processing”** – means doing anything with data. For example, it includes collecting it, holding it, disclosing it and deleting it.

**“profiling”** \- using automated means to process personal data in order to work out certain things about people, like analysing or predicting their performance at work, reliability, economic situation, personal preferences, interests, behaviour, location or movements.

**"transfer"** – sending personal information outside the European Economic Area (e.g. by storing it on equipment located outside the European Economic Area), or allowing someone from outside the European Economic Area to access the personal information.




Please read below for more information on the cookies we use, the purposes for which we use them, and how to reject cookies.

**How to reject cookies**

Our Do-Not-Track Policy: If you don’t want to receive cookies, you can alter your browser settings. The procedure for doing so varies from one browser application to another. If you wish to reject cookies from our site, but wish to accept those from other sites, you may choose the option in your browser settings to receive a notice before a cookie is stored on your device. If you block or reject cookies, not all of the tracking described below will stop. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information.

To find out more or to opt out of having your online behavior collected for advertising purposes, please consult the following: <http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies> and [www.youronlinechoices.com](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies) (for EU users) or [http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=EN](http://www.youronlinechoices.com/) (for U.S. users). Choices you make are device-specific and browser-specific. By disabling cookies, you may be prevented from accessing some features of our site or certain content or functionality may not be available.

**How we deploy “cookies”**

Cookies are small packets of information stored by your web browser when you visit certain websites, including our website. Cookies are generally used by websites to improve your user experience by enabling that website to ‘remember’ you, either strictly for the duration of your visit (using a “Session” cookie which is erased when you close your browser) or for repeat visits (using a “Permanent” cookie).
