> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 360safe.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180629161820id_/http%3A//www.360securityapps.com/en-us/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 360 security

360 Security (the "Software") is software created by Mobimagic Software Co., Ltd. ("360," "we," or "us"). We take the privacy of our customers seriously and are committed to safeguarding your privacy while you use our Software. This policy (hereinafter the "Privacy Policy") describes the types of information we collect when you use 360’s services and Software, how we may use that information and with whom we may share it. Our Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take to protect the information you share with us. 

Information we collect:

Unless you use the "Finding My Phone" feature or specifically consent, we don’t collect the personal information that identifies you or another person ("Personal User Information"), such as your last name, physical address, fax, ID card number, SSN information stored within your device. We generally collect information in the following ways to provide better services to all of our users: 

  * __**Information you give us.** We may collect information such as email contacts and troubleshoot content that maybe provided during user feedback. We will use this information to provide better technical user support and improve our product in the future.
  * __**Information we get from your use of our services and Software.** We may collect information about our services and Software that you use and how you use them. This information may include, for instance, information about your device, the version of the software installed on your device, details about your usage patterns, limited details about your Internet usage stored temporarily to provide our services and Software, files and risks such as malware, and information that may be included in a virus or malware sample that we collect from your mobile device for review.
  * **Device information.** We may collect device-specific information, including your operating system version, system language, and mobile device’s advertising ID.
  * **Log information.** When you use our services and Software, we may automatically collect and store certain information on our servers related to your use of our services and Software to help us improve the quality of our products and service. This may include:
  * The manner in which you use our services and Software, including how frequently you install, use, or uninstall our Software and its features.
  * Information collected relating to installed programs scanned by Software features. The information uploaded onto our 360 cloud security center (“360 Cloud Security Center”) servers for virus scanning include: file paths and MD5 checksums of the executable files, installed software names, package names, software signature certificates, and software URLs in conjunction with our filtering feature, which we apply to suspicious URLs when you use 360 Internet Protection (this information is encrypted and temporarily stored solely to provide our Services). 
  *   * Information relating to upgrades and updates to our Software, including the time of the upgrade and the version of the upgrade.
  * **Unique Serial numbers.** When you use certain services, they might have a unique 360 serial number. This serial number and certain information about your installation (for example, the type of operating system on your device) may be sent to 360 when you install or uninstall Software or when Software periodically contacts our servers, such as in a check for automatic updates.
  * **Local storage.** Software will generate an error log and a DUMP file automatically when an unexpected error occurs or an application crashes. Software will upload the error log and the DUMP file to 360 Cloud Security Center as required to find out the reason that the error occurred or Software crashed and improve the quality of the product. Before uploading the error log and the DUMP file, Software will prompt you to agree to the upload. If you agree, Software will upload the error log and the DUMP file to 360 Cloud Security Center; and if you do not agree, Software will not upload the log. The error log is a record of Software errors and/or crashes. DUMP files are generated by the operating system when a program crashes, and contain the program execution status of the crash, including the time of crash and system information. They do not contain Personal User Information.
  * **Error Log Uploading:** Software will generate an error log and a DUMP file automatically when an unexpected error occurs or an application crashes. Software will upload the error log and the DUMP file to 360 Cloud Security Center as required to find out the reason that the error occurred or Software crashed and improve the quality of the product. Before uploading the error log and the DUMP file, Software will prompt you to agree to the upload. If you agree, Software will upload the error log and the DUMP file to 360 Cloud Security Center; and if you do not agree, Software will not upload the log. The error log is a record of Software errors and/or crashes. DUMP files are generated by the operating system when a program crashes, and contain the program execution status of the crash, including the time of crash and system information. They do not contain Personal User Information.
  * **Cookies & Similar Tracking Information:** We may use cookies and similar tracking technologies to collect information about your interactions with our Services. The information we collect includes, but is not limited to, advertisements displayed to you and whether you clicked on them, URLs you have visited, notifications that have appeared on your mobile device, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, your mobile country code, and your user ID.
  * • You may be able to limit the amount of information collected from your device (e.g., computer, phone, or tablet) with us by adjusting your device or browser settings. However, by preventing us from collecting information from you, we may not be able to provide some functions on our Services.
  * __**Information we may access from your device:**
  * **Device & app history:** Software may access information about activity on the device, which apps are running, your settings, browsing history and bookmarks for purposes including improving system performance, detecting malware, and logging errors. Software may close other apps that are running. We will not upload this information off your device and SD card except in an anonymized form to improve app performance.
  * **Contacts:** Software may access your contact information for purposes including backing up your contacts to your SD card for alter recovery and storing your contacts as part of the Software's private communications feature. We do not upload this information off your device and SD card.
  * **Location:** If you utilize the Find My Phone feature, Software may access your phone's location information to assist in locating your phone. We do not utilize your location information for any other purpose.
  * **Phone, SMS and MMS:** Software may access your phone, phone log, SMS, and MMS for several purposes. As part of the Call and SMS Filter feature, the Software may block phone calls, SMS and MMS based on black lists or white lists set by you. As part of the private communications feature, the Software may encrypt your phone log, contacts, SMS, and MMS in order to keep this information private. We do not upload any of this information off your device and SD card.
  * **Photos/Media/Files:** Software may access files on the device such as images, videos, or audio, and your SD card in order to scan your device for malware and other purposes related to the functioning of the Software. We do not upload these files off of your device and SD card.
  * **Flashlight:** Software may access your device's camera system to utilize the device's LED(s) for the Software's flashlight feature. Software does not capture any images using your device's camera(s).
  * **Wi-Fi connection information:** Software may view information about your Wi-Fi networking, such as whether Wi-Fi is enabled and names of connected Wi-Fi devices.
  * **Call information:** Software may access information as to whether a phone call is active and the remote number connected by a call. If you utilize the Find My Phone feature, Software may access your phone number.
__**If you use the "Find My Phone" feature:** We will also collect and use Personal User Information, including, for example, your Google account username, your phone number, and the location of your device, to provide you services, including remotely identifying the location of the device. 


USE OF PERSONAL USER INFORMATION

360 uses the Personal User Information it collects in ways that serve your security and privacy needs, including the following: 

  * __Provide threat prediction and protection products and services;
  * __Provide security advisories, information and product updates;
  * __Conduct research and analysis (for example, market and consumer research, security research and analysis, and trend analysis);
  * __Analyze users’ behavior when using our services and Software to customize users’ preferences;
  * __Provide customer support, manage subscriptions and respond to requests, questions and comments;
  * __Communicate about, and administer participation in, special events, programs, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, and other offers and promotions;
  * __Customize, measure, and improve our product;
  * __Analyze and develop new products and services;
  * __Prevent, detect, identify, investigate, and protect against potential or actual claims, liabilities, prohibited behavior, and criminal activity;
  * __Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, agreements and policies;
  * __Perform other activities consistent with this policy.
  * **OTHER WAYS THAT WE MAY USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**
  * __Customer Experience Improvement Program: If you participate in the 360 Customer Experience Improvement Program, 360 will collect usage statistics of each copy of Software as required, which generally includes the installation and use frequency statistics of each featured user. Upon analysis of this data, 360 may improve the quality of the Software and release new helpful security services to users. The statistics are only taken in connection with our Software, and contain no Personal User Information.
  * __Feedback: When you contact 360 with any feedback or for customer service or technical support by email or in any other manner, we may keep a record of your correspondence with us to help solve any issues you might be facing. If you decide to sign up to receive updates or information about our Software or services, or to receive any of our marketing materials, we may use your email address to send you updates, newsletters or marketing materials. You may unsubscribe to such communication at any time.
__Designated Countries: For all purposes listed above, pursuant to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) or any equivalent legislation (collectively “Data Protection Laws”), we process the personal information of users located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) based on our contract with you.


INFORMATION SECURITY

We work hard to protect 360 and our users from unauthorized access to, or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of, Personal User Information we hold. In particular: 

  * __We encrypt the information obtained through provision of many of our services in accordance with SSL protocol.
  * __Before any information is uploaded to our 360 Cloud Security Center, we will encrypt this information using industry standard encryption methods, including MD5.
  * __We may review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems whenever we find it appropriate to do so.
  * __We restrict access to your Personal User Information to only those 360 employees, contractors and agents required to provide our Software and services. All 360 employees, contractors and agents are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.



Although we take great efforts to protect your personal information, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We cannot guarantee and you cannot reasonably expect that our databases will be immune from any wrongdoings, malfunctions, unlawful interceptions or access, or other kinds of abuse and misuse. 

INFORMATION WE SHARE

We do not share Personal User Information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of 360 unless one of the following circumstances applies: 

  * __With your consent. We will only share your personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of 360 when we have your specific consent to do so, except when we share your Personal User Information to affiliate businesses or to third-party servicers which provide administrative or other services to us in connection with the Services and Software we offer you.
  * __For external processing. In order to provide the most efficient and up-to-date services, we provide your personal information to our affiliate businesses and to third-party servicers which provide administrative or other services to us in connection with the services we offer you. We will only disclose your Personal User Information in accordance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures as regulated by law. We will ensure that any third party servicers that may come in contact with your Personal User Information will have confidentiality and/or privacy policies equal to or greater than our own.
  * __For legal reasons. To the extent required or permitted by the applicable law, we will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals that are not affiliated with 360 if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to:
  * Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, including a subpoena, warrant or other process issued by a court of competent jurisdiction;
  * Enforce applicable Terms of Service and/or End User License, including investigation of potential violations;
  * Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
  * As may be required for purposes of national security; or
  * Prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury or loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity or exposure to legal liability, where 360 believes disclosure is necessary or appropriate.
If 360 is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and give users affected by such merger, acquisition or asset sale notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy. 


CONSENT

We will ask for your consent before using your personal information for any purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy to the extent permitted by law. We will cease to use any of your Personal User Information for any purpose if you request us to do so. 

TRANSPARENCY AND CHOICE IN COLLECTION PROCESS

We understand that our users have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what personal information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices which would affect how your personal information would be used by us. If you choose to not to participate in our use of your Personal User Information, you may close or choose not to trigger certain functions of our Software or Services. However, we would like to explicitly point out that if you do so, you will not be able to fully use all of our Software or Services. 

ACCESSING AND UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

If at any time you would like to access or correct your information that we have on file, please send your request to privacy@360safe.com via email. When providing you with or updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. Where we can assist in providing or correcting your information, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services and Software in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our services and Software or request deletion of our information, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and may not remove information from our backup systems. 

DATA RETENTION

We will retain certain of your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services or improve services for other users. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If at any time you would like to remove your information from our server, please send your request to privacy@360safe.com via email. When providing you with or updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request. 

APPLICATION OF PRIVACY POLICY

Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services and software offered by 360 and its affiliates. 

ENFORCEMENT

We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self-regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly. 

MODIFICATIONS

Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page. We will not make any material retroactive changes to this Privacy Policy, including for changes involving the use of your Personal User Information, without your affirmative consent. 

CHILDREN'S PRIVACY

360 complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of the United States of America where it applies to our information protection activities. 360 does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. 

DATA TRANSFER

As our servers are in many countries around the world, we may transfer the Personal User Information we obtain to countries other than the country in which the information originally was collected. When we transfer the Personal User Information to other countries, we will protect that Personal User Information as described in this Privacy Policy. 

AGREEMENT WITH THE PRIVACY POLICY

You expressly consent to 360’s processing of information as described in this Privacy Policy when you: 

  * 1\. provide information to us through our websites; or
  * 2\. license or download our Software or Services and accept the Terms of Service or End User License .



In addition, through these uses and interactions with our Software, services or websites, you specifically consent to our collection of Personal User Information by automated means, and to our subsequent processing of the Personal User Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to the storage and transfer of the Personal User Information to locations wherever 360 and its service providers have facilities. 
