> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 360totalsecurity.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171219041044id_/https%3A//www.360totalsecurity.com/en/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | 360 Total Security

[**Driver Updater** and **Firewall** are available now! _Upgrade to Premium Today._](https://store.360totalsecurity.com/?utm_source=Mainpage&utm_medium=Banner&utm_campaign=Premium&utm_content=Firewall.EN)

Qihu 360 Software Co. Ltd (" **360** "), a company based in [Hong Kong], is the developer of 360 online services (" **Services** ") and computer or mobile security software products (" **Software** "). We take the privacy of our customers seriously and are committed to safeguarding your privacy while you use our services. This policy (hereinafter the " **Privacy Policy** ") describes the types of information we collect when you use 360's Services and Software, how we may use that information and with whom we may share it. Our Privacy Policy also describes the measures we take to protect the information you share with us.  **Should you have any questions, please contact our chief privacy executive at [support@360overseas.com]**. Our website may contain links to third party sites which are not subject to the Privacy Policy. 360 does not endorse and is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those third party sites, and 360 encourages you to learn about the privacy policy of any third party site you may visit. 

## COLLECTION OF INFORMATION

### Scope of Information

In order to provide our services described in the Software License and Service Agreement, we may collect the following information:

  * **Contact Information:**  your name and email address;
  * **Correspondence:**  any information you provided or were provided through 360 related communication channels, including information provided through technical support and customer service;
  * **Photograph:**  any photograph you share with or provide to us;
  * **Device information:**  your operating system version, system language and IMEI number collected by 360 Connect for Android/iOS; your operating system, CPU model, memory, hard disk, computer name collected by 360 Total Security and uploaded to 360 cloud security center servers ( **"360 Cloud Security Center"** );
  * **Log information:**  
    * the manner you use our website, Services and Software, such as how frequently and at what time you install, use or uninstall our Software and its features;
    * IP address;
  * **Information of installed programs:**  file paths and MD5 checksums of the executable files, installed software names, package names, software signature certificates, and software URLs in conjunction with our filtering feature (which are suspicious URLs detected by 360 Internet Protection, processed with encryption and temporarily stored solely to provide our Services), which will be uploaded to our 360 Cloud Security Center for virus scanning and Instant Setup function;
  * **URL information:** URLs of websites you visit, which will be uploaded to 360 Cloud Security Center with encryption for phishing and online fraud analysis, and from which personal information will thereafter be removed;
  * **Security Information:** malware activity, risky website visiting, system startup, disk usage collected by 360 Connect for Android/iOS and uploaded to 360 Cloud Security Center by 360 Total Security in order to receive the critical system event;
  * **Information of Software Upgrade:** the time and versions of the upgrades;
  * **Unique Serial numbers:** unique 360 serial number which created during your use of certain services and certain installation information (e.g. the type of operating system on your device) may be sent to 360 when you install or uninstall Software or when Software periodically contacts our servers, such as in a check for automatic updates;
  * **Local storage:** user settings, file whitelist and blacklist used to accelerate file scanning, which we may store locally on your device using mechanisms, such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches, and upload startup items, system junks and malware detection to 360 Cloud Security Center, in order to activate 360 Connect for Android/iOS to check the computer, remove malware, optimize system performance and clean up system junks;
  * **Error Log:** error log (namely record of Software errors and/or crashes) and DUMP files (including the program execution status of program crash, such as the time of crash and system information) automatically generated by the Software when an unexpected error occurs or an application crashes, which will be uploaded to 360 Cloud Security Center based on your explicit consent in order to find out the reason that the error occurred or Software crashed and improve the quality of the product;



### Ways of Collection

We collect the following information in two ways:

  * **Information you give us**. You may give us information in a variety of ways, including when you request technical support or customer service, register a product, or give us reviews or feedback. For example, when you sign up for a 360 Account as required by our Services or Software, we will ask you to submit certain personal information, such as your name and email address; when you use our communication tools, your name and photograph provided to us may be publicly visible.
  * **Information we get from your use of our Services and Software**. We may collect the information about the Services and Software you use and how you use them in order to provide our Services. This information may include, for instance, information about your device, details about your usage patterns, limited details about your Internet usage, computer files and risks such as malware, and information that may be included in a virus or malware sample. 



## USE OF INFORMATION

360 use the information we collect with a purpose to protect your security and serve your privacy needs, including the following:

  * Provide threat prediction and protection products and services;
  * Provide security advisories, information and product updates;
  * Provide recommendations on software/programs;
  * Conduct research and analysis (for example, market and consumer research, security research and analysis, and trend analysis);
  * Analyze users’ behavior during their use of our Services and Software in order to customize users’preferences;
  * Provide customer support, manage subscriptions and respond to requests, questions and comments;
  * Communicate about and organize special events, programs, surveys, contests, sweepstakes, and other offers and promotions;
  * Customize, measure, and improve our websites properties;
  * Analyze and develop new products, services and websites;
  * Prevent detect, identify, investigate, and protect against potential or actual claims, liabilities, prohibited behavior, and criminal activity;
  * Comply with and enforce applicable legal requirements, agreements and policies; and
  * Perform other activities consistent with this Privacy Policy.



We may also use the information we collect in the following ways:

  * **360 Account** : Depending on the version of Services and Software you have licensed, you may be required to have a current 360 Account in order to access and use Software and Services. If you do not have a 360 Account, you may be prompted to complete the applicable registration process to create a 360 Account in order to use our Services and Software. We may use the information you provide in your profile relating to your 360 Account across all of the Services and Software we offer that require a 360 Account. If other users are connected with you through email or other personal identifiable information, we may show them your publicly visible profile, such as your name and photograph.
  * **User Experience Improvement Program** : If you participate in the 360 User Experience Improvement Program, 360 will collect usage statistics of each Services and Software as required, which generally includes the installation and use frequency statistics of each featured user. Upon analysis of such data, 360 may improve the quality of Services and Software and release helpful security services to users. The statistics are only taken in connection with 360's Services and Software, and contain no personal information.
  * **Feedback** : When you contact 360 for customer service or technical support by email or in any other manner, we may keep a record of your correspondence with us to solve the issues related to our Services or Software. 
  * **Marketing** : If you sign up to receive updates or information about Services or Software, or to receive any of our marketing materials, we may use your email address to send you updates, newsletters or marketing materials. You may unsubscribe to such communication at any time.



## INFORMATION SECURITY

We work hard to protect 360 and our users from unauthorized access to, or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of, any personal information we hold. In particular:

  * We encrypt the information obtained through our Services and Software in accordance with SSL protocol.
  * Before any information is uploaded to our 360 Cloud Security Center, we will encrypt such information using encryption methods that meet the industry standard, including MD5 and SHA1.
  * We will review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems whenever we find it appropriate to do so.
  * We restrict the access to your personal information only to 360 employees, contractors and agents. All 360 employees, contractors and agents are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and anyone violates such obligations should be held liable until the contractual relationship terminated.



## INFORMATION WE SHARE

We do not share your personal information with companies, organizations and individuals outside of 360 or outside its affiliates unless one of the following circumstances apply:

  * With your consent. We will only share your personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of 360 or outside of its affiliates when we have your specific consent to do so, except when we share your personal information to affiliate businesses or to third-party servicers which provide administrative or other services to us in connection with the Services and Software we offer you.
  * For external processing. In order to provide the most efficient and up-to-date services, we provide your personal information to our affiliate businesses and to third-party servicers which provide administrative or other services to us in connection with the Services and Software we offer you. We will only disclose your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures as regulated by law. We will ensure that any third party servicers that may come in contact with your personal information will have confidentiality and/or privacy policies to the equal to or greater extent than our own.
  * For legal reasons. To the extent required or permitted by the applicable law, we will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals that are not affiliated with 360 if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: 
    * Meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, including a subpoena, warrant or other process issued by a court of competent jurisdiction;
    * Enforce applicable Terms of Service and/or End User License, including investigation of potential violations;
    * Detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
    * As may be required for purposes of national security; or
    * Prevent physical, financial or other harm, injury or loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity or exposure to legal liability, where 360 believes disclosure is necessary or appropriate.



If 360 is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information and have users unaffected by such merger, acquisition or asset sale notice before personal information is transferred or becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS-SHINE THE LIGHT LAW

We do not share your personal information with non-affiliated third parties for their own marketing use without your permission.

## CONSENT

We will ask for your consent before using your personal information for any purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy to the extent permitted by law. We will cease to use any of your personal information for any purpose if you request us to do so.

## TRANSPARENCY AND CHOICE IN COLLECTION PROCESS

We understand that our users have different privacy concerns. Our goal is to be clear about what personal information we collect, so that you can make meaningful choices which would affect how your personal information would be used by us. If you choose not to participate in our use of your personal information, you may close, or choose not to trigger, certain functions of our Services or Software. However, we would like to explicitly point out that if you do so, you will not be able to fully use all or any of our Services or Software.

## ACCESSING AND UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

If at any time you would like to access or correct your information that we have on file, please send your request to support@360overseas.com via email. When providing you with or updating your personal information, we may ask you to verify your identity before we can act on your request.

Where we can assist in providing or correcting your information, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our Services and Software in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, after you delete information from our Services and Software or request deletion of our information, we may not immediately delete residual copies from our active servers and we may not remove information from our backup systems.

## APPLICATION OF PRIVACY POLICY

Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the website, Services and Software offered by 360 and its affiliates.

## ENFORCEMENT

We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. We also adhere to several self-regulatory frameworks. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.

## MODIFICATIONS

Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will post any Privacy Policy changes on this page and. We will not make any material retroactive changes to this Privacy Policy, including for changes involving the use of your personal information, without your affirmative consent.

## CHILDREN'S PRIVACY

360 complies with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of the United States of America where it applies to our information protection activities. 360 does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.

## DATA TRANSFER

As our servers are in many countries around the world, we may transfer personal information we obtain to countries other than the country in which the information originally was collected. When we transfer personal information to other countries, we will protect such personal information as described in this Privacy Policy.

## AGREEMENT WITH THE PRIVACY POLICY

You expressly consent to 360's processing of information as described in this Privacy Policy when you:

  * provide information to us through our websites; or
  * license or download our Services or Software and accept the Terms of Service or End User License.



In addition, through these uses and interactions with 360 Software, Services or websites, you specifically consent to our collection of personal information by automated means, and to our subsequent processing of the personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and to the storage and transfer of the personal information to locations wherever 360 and its service providers have facilities.
