> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zeit.co privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191228084625id_/https%3A//zeit.co/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - ZEIT

##### **Our Policy**

Welcome to the web site (the "Site") of ZEIT, Inc. ("ZEIT", "we", "us" and/or "our"). This Site is operated by ZEIT and has been created to provide information about our company and our cloud platform for on-demand deployment and related hosting and sharing services (together with the Site, the "Services") to our Service visitors and other individuals covered by this Privacy Policy, described below ("you", "your"). This Privacy Policy sets forth an outline of the information that ZEIT gathers, in what ways that information is used, and the options that you have to access, correct, or delete such information.

#####  **Our Promise**

You own your data. We exist to help you get the most out of it. We want to be transparent in this regard, and we strongly believe in keeping your personal information personal, private and secure. We will not sell, rent, or otherwise share your personal information to anyone except as required to provide our service or as otherwise outlined in this Policy without first notifying you and providing an opportunity to consent.

#####  **Who Does This Policy Apply to**

 **Customers:** Any person that registers individually or on behalf of an entity or organization in order to use ZEIT Services. **Website Visitors:** visitors to our Websites, as well as others that may opt in to receive commercial communications from ZEIT. Under this Policy, “Websites” shall refer to www.zeit.co and all affiliated websites owned or operated by ZEIT. “Websites” does not include any websites owned or operated by our Customers, nor any where we acted as Registrar for said Customer. **Event Attendees:** ZEIT hosts a series of annual conferences and is an active participant at many other conferences, summits, and additional events. Any individuals that provide their information to ZEIT or ZEIT representatives and affiliates when they attend or register to attend ZEIT-sponsored events or others where ZEIT participates. **End Users:** ZEIT may process End User data on behalf of its Customers. Subsequently, this Policy also applies to any End User that visits a Customer website and whose information we process in order to provide Services to our Customers. **Contractors:** ZEIT collects data regarding past, potential, present and future agents or independent contractors. **Exclusions:** This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information that you provide to ZEIT through the Services or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Services, such as forums, any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, "Unsolicited Information"). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and ZEIT shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.This Policy does not apply to Customers’ websites. Customers are responsible for posting their own terms, conditions, and privacy policies. Each Customer is responsible for ensuring their compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, inclusive of their use of our Services by End Users.ZEIT does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Services. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data on the Services without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to ZEIT through the Services, please contact privacy@zeit.co and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.

#####  **What Information Do We Collect**

 **Customer Account Information.** When you register for a ZEIT account, we request your email address. This information is your “Account Information” for the purposes of this Privacy Policy. Account Information is required to identify you as a Customer and permit you to access your account(s). By voluntarily providing us with such Account Information, you represent that you are the owner of such personal data or otherwise have the requisite consent to provide it to us. **Customer Payment Information.** You are not required to enter your credit card information unless and until you decide to continue with a paid subscription to our Services. When you sign up for one of our paid Services, you must provide billing information. The information you will need to submit depends on which billing method you choose. For example, if you pay with a credit card, we will collect your card information and billing address, although we do not store full credit card numbers or personal account numbers; rather, we work with our preferred payments partner, Stripe, to handle all transactions. **Website Visitors:** We will collect your name, email address, and other contact information. We ask for and—at your option—collect personal information from you when you submit opt-in forms on our Websites, including places where you can sign up for and agree to receive commercial communications from us. We also may ask you to submit personal information if you choose to use interactive features of the Websites, including participation in surveys, promotions, requesting customer support, or otherwise communicating with us. We will send such communications in accordance with applicable law. **Website Log Files.** When you visit and interact with most websites, as well as ours and including our Community board on [zeit.chat](https://zeit.chat/), we gather certain information and store it in log files. This information may include but is not limited to Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, system configuration information, URLs of referring pages, and location and language preferences. We rotate logs frequently and only store log files where absolutely necessary; e.g. to perform an abuse investigation, to analyze a distributed denial of service attack, etc. **Website Cookies and Tracking.** In operating the Services, we may use a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a piece of information that the computer hosting our Services gives to your browser when you access the Services. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Services and help us analyze Services usage more accurately. For instance, our Site may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access the Services without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once during a visit to the Site. In all cases in which we use cookies, we will not collect Personal Data except with your permission. On most web browsers, you will find a "help" section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Service features. Note that if you disable cookies entirely, ZEIT’s Websites may not function properly. **Interactive Website Elements.** The Websites may offer publicly accessible blogs, community forums (e.g. zeit.chat), comments sections, discussion forums, or other interactive features (“Interactive Elements”). If you choose to participate in any of these Interactive Elements, please be aware that any information that you post may be read, collected, and used by others who access it. If you wish to remove your personal information from any of our Interactive Elements, please see the section below entitled, “What are your data rights.” **Event Attendee.** We may collect personal information such as name, address, phone number and email address when participants register for or attend a sponsored event or other events at which ZEIT (and/or its affiliates or representatives) are present. **End Users.** It is our Customers and their users who are responsible for the content transmitted across our network (e.g., images, written content, graphics, etc.). We collect End Users’ information when they use our Customers’ websites, web applications, and APIs. This information may include but is not limited to IP addresses, system configuration information, and other information about traffic to and from Customers’ websites (collectively, the “Log Data”). We collect and use Log Data to operate, maintain, and improve our Services in performance of our obligations under our Customer agreements. For example, Log Data can help us to detect new threats, identify malicious third parties, and provide more robust security protection for our Customers.If you are an individual from the European Economic Area (EEA), please note that our legal basis for collecting and using your personal information will depend on the personal information collected and the specific context in which we collect it. We normally will collect personal information from you only where: (a) we have your consent to do so, (b) where we need your personal information to perform a contract with you (e.g. to deliver ZEIT Services you have requested), or (c) where the processing is in our legitimate interests. Please note that in most cases, if you do not provide the requested information, ZEIT will not be able to provide the requested service to you.In some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you, or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person. Where we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw or decline consent at any time. Where we rely on our legitimate interests to process your personal data, you have the right to object.If you have any questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us at [privacy@zeit.co](mailto:privacy@zeit.co).

#####  **How Do We Use Information We Collect**

ZEIT only processes personal information in a way that is compatible with and relevant for the purpose for which it was collected or authorized. As a general rule, all data we collect (including personal information, where applicable) may be used to:

  * Provide, operate, maintain, improve, and promote the Website and Services;
  * Enable you to access and use the Website and Services;
  * Process and complete transactions, and send you related information, including purchase confirmations and invoices;
  * Send transactional messages, including responses to your comments, questions, and requests; provide customer service and support; and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
  * Send commercial communications, in line with your communication preferences, such as providing you with information about products and services, features, newsletters, offers, promotions, and events about us and our partners; and send other news or information about us and our partners.
  * Monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with the Websites and Services and for marketing or advertising purposes;
  * Comply with legal obligations as well as to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions, unauthorized access to the Services, and other illegal activities;
  * Personalize the Websites and Services, including providing features or content that match your interests and preferences.
  * If you are a contractor, perform our contract with you or to take steps at your request before entering into a contract with you, comply with legal obligations, pursue our legitimate interests related to human resources, business and safety /security and protect our legal position in the event of legal proceedings.

Information from Third Party Services. From time to time, we may combine information we collect as described above with personal information we obtain from third parties. For example, we may combine information entered through a ZEIT sales submission with information we receive from a third-party sales intelligence platform to enhance our ability to market our Services to Customers or potential Customers.

#####  **When We Link to Other Websites**

This Privacy Policy applies only to the Services. The Services may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by ZEIT (the "Third Party Sites"). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the Services do not imply that ZEIT endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.

#####  **When We Aggregate Data**

When you interact with ZEIT through our Services, we receive and store certain non-identifiable information from Customers and their End Users. This information, such as Logs, which are collected passively cannot be used to specifically identify you. ZEIT may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by ZEIT affiliates, agents or service providers. The Services may use such information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. It is important to note that no Personal Data is available or used in this process.

#####  **When We Transfer Data Internationally**

ZEIT is a US Delaware corporation with primarily storage of your information in the United States and the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). To facilitate our global operations, we may transfer and access such information from around the world, including from other countries in which ZEIT has operations to provide the Services.If you are accessing or using our Websites or Services or otherwise providing information to us, you are agreeing to the transfer of your personal information to the United States and other jurisdictions in which we operate.

#####  **Privacy Shield**

ZEIT complies with the EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield frameworks (“Frameworks”) as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the processing of Personal Data transferred from the European Union (EU) and Switzerland to the U.S. (for these purposes, reference to the EU also includes the European Economic Area countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway). ZEIT has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles (described below). If there is any conflict between the policies in this Privacy Policy and the EU or Swiss Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Frameworks and to view our certification page, please visit [https://www.privacyshield.gov](https://www.privacyshield.gov/). **General.** We rely on our Privacy Shield certification to transfer Personal Data that we receive from the EU and Switzerland to ZEIT in the U.S. and we process such Personal Data in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles of Notice, Choice, Accountability for Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation, Access, and Recourse, Enforcement and Liability ( **"Privacy Shield Principles"** ), as described below. **Notice and Choice.** his Privacy Policy provides notice of the Personal Data collected and transferred under the Privacy Shield and the choice that you have with respect to such Personal Data. It also provides information about other Privacy Shield Principles that are set forth below. **Accountability for Onward Transfers.** We may be accountable for the Personal Data we receive under the Privacy Shield that we may transfer to third-party service providers (described in the section above entitled “When We Share Information”). If we are and our third party service providers process Personal Data in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles, we are responsible and liable for the harm caused, unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage. **Security.** We maintain security measures to protect Personal Data as described in the section above entitled“How We Handle Data Security, Integrity, and Access”. **Data Integrity and Purpose Limitation.** We take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Data is reliable for its intended use, and that it is accurate, complete and current for as long as we retain it. We will retain the data as long as necessary for the following purposes: delivering the Services, engaging in customer service, complying with legal obligations, auditing, performing security and fraud prevention, responding to legal and regulatory inquiries, and preserving or defending our legal rights or those of other users or third parties. **Access.** Individuals in the EU and Switzerland have certain rights to access, correct, amend, or delete Personal Data where it is inaccurate, or has been processed in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles. Please see the section below entitled “What Are Your Data Rights”for more information on the rights of users in the EU (and, to the extent applicable, users in Switzerland). When we process End Users’ Personal Data as a data processor on behalf of our Customers, we will process such requests pursuant to our contract with our customer and our customers’ instructions. **Recourse, Enforcement, Liability.** In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, ZEIT commits to resolve complaints about our processing of your Personal Data. Individuals in the EU and Switzerland with inquiries or complaints regarding this Private Shield Policy should first contact ZEIT as follows:

  * Email: [privacy@zeit.co](mailto:privacy@zeit.co)
  * Attention: Privacy Shield
  * Postal Mail: 1046 Kearny Street, San Francisco, CA 94133

We have further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to an alternative dispute resolution provider. If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider [ADR PROVIDER] (free of charge) at <https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request>.In relation to personal data of Contractors, for any complaints that cannot be resolved directly with us, we have committed to working with the panel established by EU data protection authorities (“DPAs”) and with the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (“Commissioner”), and complying with the information and advice given by the panel of DPAs and the Commissioner regarding HR data transferred to the U.S. from the EU and Switzerland in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles. Please contact us at the following address privacy@zeit.co to be directed to the relevant DPAs contacts and, for additional information, please visit:[https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=5-The-Role-of-the-Data-Protection-Authorities-a-b.](https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=5-The-Role-of-the-Data-Protection-Authorities-a-b)If your complaint is not resolved through the channels described above, under certain conditions a binding arbitration option may be available before a Privacy Shield Panel. For additional information, please visit:<https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=ANNEX-I-introduction.>We are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission with respect to Personal Data received or transferred pursuant to the Frameworks.

#####  **What Are Your Data Rights**

 **Customer, Website Visitors, and Attendees.** You have the right to access, correct, make updates to, export, or delete your personal information. You may also email us at[privacy@zeit.co](mailto:privacy@zeit.co) with any subsequent subject access requests (use the term “SAR” as your email subject line), and we will respond within thirty (30) days. Customers also can access, correct, export, or update their Account Information by editing their profile or organization record at [https://zeit.co](https://zeit.co/). **End Users:** ZEIT has no direct relationship with End Users. We rely on our Customers to comply with the underlying legal requirements for subject access requests. If an End User requests that we access, correct, update, or delete their information, or no longer wishes to be contacted by one of our Customers that use our Services, we will direct that End User to contact the Customer website(s) with which they interacted directly. Our Customers are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with all applicable laws and regulations with respect to their website users. **Subject Access Requests.** We consider it important to verify that a requestor is inquiring about their own information before we can assist with any request. Where a SAR implicates the personal data of another individual, we balance the request against the risk of violating another person’s rights. We will comply with subject access requests to the extent required by applicable law.

#####  **How to Change Your Communication Preferences**

To keep your information accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update any information in our possession that you have previously submitted via the Services. Note that you may also manage your communications preferences and the receipt of any commercial communication by clicking the “unsubscribe” link included at the bottom of all emails from ZEIT. You may also adjust your preferences through your account settings if you have a ZEIT account, or else send an email to [privacy@zeit.co](mailto:privacy@zeit.co).

#####  **What You Should Know about Domain Registration**

Note that if you purchase a domain name from ZEIT, we may be required to collect registrant data for the purposes of domain registration and listing via the WHOIS protocol. We may also be required to share this public data with ICANN, the relevant registrars and other such providers with whom we contract in order to provide our domain name services, as well as when served with a legitimate request from third parties. Registration data may include the domain name, registrant name and contact information, and information on the domain name server.

#####  **How We Handle Data Security, Integrity, and Access**

ZEIT takes all reasonable steps to protect the data that we receive from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We utilize appropriate physical, digital, and administrative protocols to keep your information secure, including the use of encryption services. Notwithstanding, no Internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, email sent to or from the Services may not be secure. Therefore, take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email. For any questions about the security of your information, please contact [privacy@zeit.co](mailto:privacy@zeit.co).

#####  **How We Will Notify You about Changes**

The Services and our business may change from time to time. As a result, at times it may be necessary for ZEIT to make changes to this Privacy Policy. ZEIT reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. However, if we make changes that we believe will materially impact this Privacy Policy, we will promptly notify you of those changes and obtain consent (where applicable or required). Please review this Privacy Policy from time to time. This Privacy Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.

#####  **How We Will Handle a Business Transfer**

As we develop our business, we may sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, we may assign or transfer this Policy, as well as all information covered thereunder.

#####  **How You Can Contact Us**

ZEIT, Inc   
1046 Kearny Street   
San Francisco, CA 94133   
[privacy@zeit.co](mailto:privacy@zeit.co)
