> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gianteagle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180907235516id_/https%3A//account.gianteagle.com/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Cookies Required:**  Cookies are not enabled on your browser. Please enable cookies in your browser preferences to continue.

Your privacy is important to Giant Eagle® and we are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to Giant Eagle and its family of brands, which include, but are not limited to, Market District, GetGo, Gift Card Gallery® and Curbside Express (collectively, the “Giant Eagle Businesses,” “Giant Eagle,” “us,” “we,” or “our”). This Privacy Policy explains what information we may acquire about you, our customer, through our websites, including but not limited to [www.gianteagle.com](http://www.gianteagle.com/) and elsewhere, and/or our mobile platforms and other sources, including but not limited to the GIANT EAGLE®, MARKET DISTRICT®, GIANT EAGLE EXPRESS®, GETGO® properties and their online presences (collectively, our “Sites”), and how we may use that information. When you use your Giant Eagle Advantage Card®, your Market District Advantage Card™ or your GetGo Advantage Card™ (collectively, the “Advantage Card”), or give us information via any of our Sites, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.

We may revise this Privacy Policy without prior notice. You can find out when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the "LAST UPDATED" legend at the end of the policy. This Privacy Policy also applies to any of our other websites and/or apps that post and/or link to this Privacy Policy. It does not apply to third party websites and/or apps that post different statements addressing users’ privacy. Our Sites are controlled by Giant Eagle in the United States and are subject to its laws.

**What Kind of Information is Collected About You?**

  * _Information You Provide._  We collect the following information that you provide:


  * _The Advantage Card._  In order to provide you with the benefits of the Advantage Card program (including the accrual and use of  _fuelperks!®_ , and fuelperks+® where available), Giant Eagle must obtain certain information including your name and address, your record of purchases, and other information that you may elect to give. You voluntarily provided some of this information when you applied for your Advantage Card and the Information is supplemented each time you use the Advantage Card. Giant Eagle collects and retains this information whether or not you register on or use any of our Sites. You may elect to register your Card on certain of our Sites, which will make this information accessible to you through our Sites. 

Personally identifiable information means any information by which you can be identified or contacted, such as your name (first and last), address (city, state, zip), email address, date of birth, telephone number, etc. Your Advantage Card number is not personally identifiable information unless it is accompanied by your name, address, or password.



  * _Registration Information._  In order to obtain certain services on our Sites, you must register with the site or app and provide information that personally identifies you or permits us to contact you. This includes your name, address, date of birth and certain preferences. You may also provide information when you purchase products from our Sites or through links accessed through our Sites. You may browse our Sites without registering; in that case, your visit will remain anonymous unless you otherwise provide personal information during your visit. If you choose not to register or provide information, you can still view most of our Sites, with the exception of those areas that require registration. Note, however, that the features of the Sites available to an unregistered user may be significantly limited.


  * _Communications, Support Requests._  If you contact us for assistance or to report a problem, or other issue through and/or regarding any of our Sites, we may collect and store your contact information, communication, and/or other information about you, including but not limited to your name, e-mail address, user name, location, and other information, and we reserve the right to conduct further research and obtain further information as necessary. We will use the information to respond to you, research your request/communication, and for other purposes in accordance with provisions of this Privacy Policy.


  * _Sweepstakes, Promotions, and Surveys._  From time to time, we may ask you to complete a survey, and/or offer you the opportunity to participate in sweepstakes or other promotion through our Sites, or through a third party platform. If you choose to participate in a such a promotion or survey, we will collect, store, use, and disclose the information you provide in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless stated otherwise, such as in the official rules (or other guidelines) of the promotion or as stated in another privacy policy that may govern that promotion. Your information may be used to contact you for winner notification, prize delivery confirmation or other related purposes and/or in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Your entry in the promotion may also result in your being added to our mailing lists as well as those of our promotional partners associated with the contest or sweepstakes. Acceptance of a prize may require you (unless prohibited by law) to allow us to post publicly some of your information on any of our Sites, such as on a winner’s page, in the event you win a contest or sweepstakes. In some instances, a third-party advertiser or sponsor may operate or host a promotion on or through our Sites, and collect your information. In those cases, where we are not the sponsor or operator of the promotion, we have no control over the information collected and you should review the official rules as well as the advertiser’s or sponsor’s privacy policy applicable to the promotion before participating.


  * _Shared Content._  Some of our Sites and services may now or in the future allow you to interact with other users and/or post, share, communicate with, or otherwise transmit content publicly, such as by posting comments and other information (collectively “Shared Content”). We may collect and store archives of such Shared Content on our servers, and all Shared Content is subject to this Privacy Policy and may be used or disclosed pursuant to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use, including but not limited to protecting the safety and well being of members of the public, minors, our users, our team members, and our Sites and services. Keep in mind that your Shared Content could be visible to anyone who has access to our Sites. Your user name as well as other profile information may be displayed in conjunction with your Shared Content. Thus, those accessing this information may be able to identify you. Giant Eagle may use the information offered for posting as information that is free and available to the general public and accepts no duty of privacy as to its content.


  * _Information from Other Contacts._  We may collect information about you in other ways not specified here. For example, we may collect information from a direct contact with a team member in our stores, through our Customer Service, or through any source available to the public.
  * _Social Media Widgets._  Our websites include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, Google Plus, Pinterest, Instagram, and Twitter widgets. These features may collect information about your IP address and which page you’re visiting on our site, and they may set a cookie to make sure the feature functions properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with those features are governed by the privacy policies of the companies that provide them.
  * _Location Information._  In order to provide you with certain services and content, we may collect information about where you are physically located. Such information may be used to, among other things, provide you with offers and information relevant to our stores.
  * _Non-Personally Identifiable Information._  When you visit and interact with any of our Sites, Giant Eagle and third parties who provide services to Giant Eagle collect general information that does not specifically identify you. This includes server log files, environmental variables and pixel tags. Collecting this kind of information is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many websites.
  * _Mobile Applications._ **** In order to improve your shopping experience, to engage in mobile ordering, to manage your account, and to make shopping with coupons and locating our stores easier, we make mobile applications available. In addition to collecting and sharing information as described in this Privacy Policy, we also collect information you provide through the mobile app when you log in, such as your email address. We also collect information regarding the type of mobile device, operating system version, IP address, geo-location, device name, and unique device identifiers. If you do not want your geo-location information to be collected, you can go to “settings” or similar function of your mobile device and disable the location feature. In addition, you can visit the following website and opt-out of some geo-location tracking by the participating companies: <https://optout.smart-places.org/>.


  * _Cookies, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies._ **** We and our service providers may also use “cookies” on the Site. A cookie is a piece of data that a web server stores on your hard drive. Cookies are standard in Internet use and help you to navigate in a website that you have visited before; they do not harm your computer. They allow us to see information on user website activities such as source, page views, and time spent on the site. We may use third party vendors whose websites will use these cookies in order to provide you with targeted ads that match your interests. For example, if you visit those vendor websites, you may see ads for the Giant Eagle Businesses or for products you saw on our Sites. Giant Eagle and its service providers may also use cookies, web beacons, Uniform Resource Locators (URL), and similar technologies to manage our websites and email messages and to collect and track information about you and your activities online at our websites over time and across third-party websites or online services including, but not limited to, your computer’s Internet protocol address and operating system, your browser type, the site from which you linked to our site, the time and date of your visit, how you use our services, and what products and services you purchase. In addition, we or our service providers may use local shared objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and how you interact with our websites and mobile applications. These technologies help us to recognize you, customize or personalize your shopping experience, store items in your online shopping cart between visits, and analyze the use of our services and solutions to make them more useful to you. These technologies also allow us to aggregate demographic and statistical data and compilations of information, which may or may not include personal information, and provide this information to our service providers. If you do not want cookies placed on your computer, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline them (for example, at Google, follow [www.google.com/settings/ads](http://www.google.com/settings/ads)). You can also decline some of them by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page: [www.networkadvertising.org/choices/](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/). If you decline cookies, you may not be able to use some features of our Sites.
  * _Linked Third-Party Websites._ We may also link this information with other personal information about you and may use this linked information to allow third parties to serve ads on our websites or mobile applications or to serve our ads to you on a third party’s website. If you “click through” to or otherwise visit third-party websites, they may also collect information about you and your visit. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, the practices of third parties that collect your personal information. For additional information on the privacy practices of our service providers that host portions of our sites, please [click here for Curbside Express](http://mywebgrocer.com/privacy-policy/), [click here for cakes](http://cakes.gianteagle.com/help/privacypolicy), or [click here for contact lenses](http://contacts.gianteagle.com/privacy-c35.htm). We also encourage you to check the privacy policies of other third parties whose information you find on our website to learn about their practices with respect to the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of your personal information. 
    * _Third-Party Customer Loyalty Programs._ From time to time, you may have the option of associating your purchases of certain qualifying products from Giant Eagle with customer loyalty programs operated by third parties (each a “Third-Party Customer Loyalty Program”), whether by electronically scanning your Third-Party Customer Loyalty Program account numbers, by entering such account number, or otherwise providing Third-Party Customer Loyalty Program account number at the time of purchase.  Giant Eagle may retain information about your purchase of qualifying products associated with a Third-Party Customer Loyalty Program. Giant Eagle does not control the privacy practices of the operators of Third-Party Customer Loyalty Programs and this Privacy Policy does not apply to the information collected by such third-parties for their Third-Party Customer Loyalty Programs. You should review the privacy policies of the operators of Third-Party Customer Loyalty Programs before electing to make participating purchases at Giant Eagle under such Third-Party Customer Loyalty Programs.



**What Does Giant Eagle Do With Your Information?**

  * _Sharing Information with Third Parties_


  * The Giant Eagle Businesses may disclose information to service providers and nonaffiliated third parties in certain circumstances: 
    * In order to provide you with services or information that you request or benefits for which you are eligible as our customer;
    * to efficiently organize, utilize, and transfer customer information;
    * to complete a transaction you have authorized;
    * if required to do so by law; in response to a specific law enforcement request; to comply with legal process; if necessary to protect the rights, privacy, property, security or safety of the Giant Eagle Businesses, our team members or customers; to assist in the detection, prevention or prosecution of a crime or fraud; or in cases of emergency regarding matters of personal or public safety; and
    * to enforce our rights in contracts or transactions that you participate in with us.
    * We may transfer information to an affiliated entity or to a third party in the event of a reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of the Giant Eagle’s Businesses, assets or stock. We may disclose information to a prospective buyer or business partner pursuant to appropriate confidentiality agreement.
    * We may make information available to third parties who analyze and collect such information. The third parties may not use the information for their own benefit or for any other purpose, unless we have entered into a written agreement with any such third parties requiring use of the information for the limited purposes provided for in such agreement and in compliance with applicable law.
    * The Giant Eagle Businesses may share your name and address with financial institutions that we partner with to create and offer products.
    * If your Advantage Card is owned jointly with another person, we will disclose your shopping history to the other person(s) on the account, if requested.
    * If you pay with check or credit or debit card, the Giant Eagle Businesses, like most retailers, compare your account number against one or more third party databases to check for problems. To the extent permitted by law, the Giant Eagle Businesses may keep a record of check or credit problems and may share those account numbers with third parties who share their information with the Giant Eagle Businesses. 
      * _Aggregated Information._  The Giant Eagle Businesses also collect, store and use aggregate sales and customer data. This information may be acquired through the Advantage Card database, from users of any of our Sites, or from other sources such as contests, promotions or community events. It may be shared with or sold to third parties for any purpose. This information is in summary form and is not personally identifiable to you.
      * _To Improve Our Service._  Giant Eagle may share or use information within the Giant Eagle Businesses and independent Giant Eagle retailers.



**Information Choices and Changes.  **We make commercially reasonable efforts to comply with all state and federal laws, including CAN-SPAM. We may use your e-mail address to provide you newsletters and other marketing information that coincide with your preferences. You may customize your marketing preferences, or let us know if you do not wish to receive any promotional materials, by adjusting your Notification Preferences on the Site; through the link provided in each email communication; or by calling Customer Service at 1-800-553-2324 or 1-866-620-0216 (Indianapolis Customers). Please note that unless you delete your account completely, as outlined below, we will continue to send you important non-commercial emails, such as administrative notices related to the Site. Please allow a reasonable amount of time for any changes to your settings to take effect.

**What about “Do Not Track”?  **Because consumers are often unaware that their do-not-track beacons are active, do-not-track does not frequently reflect the actual preferences of our users. Accordingly, we do not respond to the federal Do-Not-Track signal. If you would like to receive no promotional communications, follow the instructions set forth in the Information Choices and Changes section above.

**Is the Information Secure?  **Giant Eagle takes commercially reasonable security measures to protect against unauthorized access to, or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of, data that you share and that we collect and store. These security measures may include practices such as keeping your data on a secured server behind a firewall, internal reviews of our data collection practices and platforms, industry-standard encryption technologies, and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store your information. 

  * Information You May Provide to Others From Our Site.


  * _Links to Other Sites._  Our site may contain links to other sites. Other sites may also reference or link to our site. The Giant Eagle Businesses are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other sites. The Giant Eagle Businesses neither control nor supervise the privacy practices of any other link or advertiser on our Site.
  * _Information Sent at your Request._  Some parts of the Site may permit you to e-mail or forward content or information to others. If you utilize this service, we may retain and use the e-mail address and other information about the transfer as described in this policy.



**Access by Children?  **Consistent with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and its revisions in 2013, the Sites are general audience websites, intended for adult use. We do not market to, and do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from, children under thirteen (13) years of age. Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any personal information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. We encourage you to become involved in your children's online experience, and to share your knowledge and experience with your young ones. If you’re under 13, please do not register for any of our services or provide us with any personally identifying information (such as your name, email address or phone number). Please contact our customer service department if you are aware of any personal information supplied to the Site by a child under the age of thirteen (13).

**GDPR.** This Site and Giant Eagle are intended for US residents only. We do not ship outside the US, nor do we offer goods or online services intended for markets outside the US. We do not knowingly collect data from EU residents. If you are an EU resident do not use this Site. If you believe we have information about you that you would like removed, please call Customer Service at 1-800-553-2324 or 1-866-620-0216 (Indianapolis Customers).

**Contact Us.  **We welcome your comments or questions about this Policy. You may contact us through any of our Sites that include. “Contact Us” feature, through our Customer Service phone number, and/or by mail at our address for any reason.

Giant Eagle, Inc.   
101 Kappa Drive   
Pittsburgh, PA 15238 

Customer Service: 1-800-553-2324

[Giant Eagle, Inc. Notice of Pharmacy Privacy Practices.](https://account.gianteagle.com/noticeofpharmacyprivacypractices)

This Policy was LAST UPDATED: May 24, 2018

  


© 2018 Giant Eagle Inc.
