> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yoast.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150623195827id_/https%3A//yoast.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy • Yoast

We at Yoast have created this privacy statement in order to show my commitment to my and your privacy. This page discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for the website yoast.com.

## Information Automatically Logged

This website uses various web analytics tools (such as Google Analytics) and other measurement tools to help analyse how users use the site. These tools use ‘cookies’, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google and sometimes other vendors. This information is then used to evaluate visitors use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for yoast.com.

We will never (and will not allow any third party) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. The Web Analytics vendors do not associate your IP address with any other data held by them. Neither we nor the Web Analytics Vendors will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source, unless you explicity submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

### Disabling and enabling cookies

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings on your browser.

## External Links

This site contains (affiliate) links to some other sites. Yoast.com and it’s authors are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.

## Authentication

Some of our products will ask you to identify with either Google or Facebook so we can retrieve information on your behalf. We will not look at your individual data. We do reserve the right to aggregate usage data to measure the performance of our applications, but no identifiable personal information will ever be disclosed to third parties.

## Personal Information

When you comment or subscribe to an email list, we ask for your name & email address. When you buy a product, we will ask for name and email address as well, and we might gain some other info like your website’s URL. Your email and any other information will only be used to contact you about updates on Yoast. Your **personal information will not be distributed** to anyone for any purpose.

## Security

This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.

## Contacting the Web Site

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us using our [contact form](https://yoast.com/contact/).
