> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sqaforums.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101122081649id_/http%3A//www.sqaforums.com/viewprivacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Software Quality Assurance Forums: Privacy statement

|  |   
---|---  
  
---  
|    


Publication Date: June 1, 2001 BetaSoft respects your privacy. That's why we have created this Privacy Statement to explain how and why we collect certain information online, and how we use that information. This statement also explains how you can prevent collection of certain information about yourself, if you choose. Please take a few moments to read our Privacy Statement. This statement applies to both information we collect from visitors to the QAForums.com Web site, as well as information we collect or have access to in any of our other websites. Right to Change Policy As BetaSoft is constantly innovating and enhancing the products and services it provides to its users, this Privacy Statement will also continue to change to match the products and services we make available. As such, we reserve the right to change this statement to match the products and services we provide. If we make any material change to this statement, we will change the date at the top of this statement to reflect the effective date of the change. When you visit our site or use our products and services, we encourage you to check the date of this Privacy Statement to ensure you are aware of any updates. However, regardless of how this Privacy Statement may change or evolve over time, BetaSoft will not collect or maintain your private and personally identifiable information without your consent. Further, if you consent to give us your personal information, we will keep it confidential and will not sell, license or disclose your personal information to any third party without your consent, unless we are compelled to do so under the law or to comply with a court order. Contact for Privacy Inquiries If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or other questions about privacy on the BetaSoft site, please contact: Via Mail: BetaSoft Inc. Privacy Contact: BetaSoft Privacy Administrator PO Box 110914 Campbell, CA 95011 Or Via E-mail: info@BetaSoft.com Types of Information We Collect Generally, you are free to browse the QAForums.com site without submitting any personal information. We do not collect any of your personal information (such as a name, address or e-mail address) when you visit the BetaSoft site, unless you register or have registered to use one of our products or services, complete one of our evaluations, or otherwise agree to submit to us such information. As part of such processes, you have the opportunity to decline further promotional materials or other notifications from us regarding special offers and information from BetaSoft. Types of information collected on specific services on the QAForums.com site are described in more detail below. Registration on Our Site BetaSoft requires users who want to participate in the BetaSoft support message boards to register. In order to register, you must provide us with a username (which does not have to be your real name), password and a valid e-mail address. This allows us to protect our community from abusive postings and provides a verifiable point of contact should legal questions arise. At any time, you have the ability to keep your e-mail address hidden from other users by selecting that option within your user profile. When you register, you have the option of providing some additional information such as occupation, interests, and homepage URL. This optional information is made available to other bulletin or message board users to foster a sense of community. If you have any concerns about providing this information, simply leave the fields blank and your registration will still be processed. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE you are not allowed to participate in the BetaSoft support forums, or to provide any personal information on our site. Changing or Updating Personal Information If you would like to update or change your user profile on our message boards, just click here. If you have questions regarding your information, you can contact our Privacy Administrator at info@betasoft.com. Postings on Message Boards It is important for you to remain aware that when you provide personal information (e.g., last name, address, phone number) in a posting on any message board, that information is available to any other person or user having access and use of that message board, and may be used by someone in a manner unintended by you. For that reason, we discourage you from offering any personally identifying information within a posting to any message board. 

[Powered by UBB.threads™ 6.5.5](http://www.groupee.com/landing/goto.php?a=ubb.threads)
