> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sysco.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090622043242id_/http%3A//www.sysco.com/sysco/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

  * [Corporate Positions](https://web.archive.org/careers/careers_jobs.html)
  * [Corporate Governance](http://syy.client.shareholder.com/governance.cfm)
  * [Locations Map](https://web.archive.org/map/map.asp)
  * [Diversity](https://web.archive.org/diversity/diversity.html)
  * [Place an Order](https://web.archive.org/customer/order_entry.asp)
  * [Product Market Reports](https://web.archive.org/market/mkt_reports.html)
  * [Products](https://web.archive.org/products/products.html)
  * [QA Database](https://web.archive.org/supplier/qa_database.html)
  * [Recipes](https://web.archive.org/recipes/recipes.html)
  * [Services](https://web.archive.org/services/services.html)

|   
  


## Sysco Corporation Privacy Policy

Sysco Corporation and each of its operating subsidiaries and affiliates adopting these terms is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to www.Sysco.com, www.eSysco.net and to each of their respective websites (individually and collectively the "sites"). References to "Sysco", "we" and "our" are to each of Sysco Corporation and each of its operating subsidiaries and affiliates, including various redistribution centers that maintain separate web sites, that adopt the privacy policy below. References to "you" and "your" refer to the individuals visiting our sites as well as the organizations or businesses that they represent. However, when we refer to "personal information" we only mean information about an identifiable natural person, but not information concerning name, title or business address or telephone number of an employee of an organization or sole proprietorship or passwords associated with the use of eSysco or Onelink.

This is only a supplement to our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/Sysco/terms_use.html), which is incorporated by reference and made a part of this Privacy Policy. You should consult the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/Sysco/terms_use.html) for terms and policies other than privacy relating to information that you submit. (For example, you should review [Submission of Information; No Improper Use; Indemnity](https://web.archive.org/Sysco/terms_use.html#submission) prior to submitting any information to us.) This Privacy Policy relates only to certain information obtained by or through our sites; it does not relate to any other information that we may collect or obtain. 

Our sites may have policies specific to them concerning the use of information that you may provide through the sites or that we may obtain when you visit them. Absent a specific policy to the contrary relating to a site (which will be accessible from that site), the following policies apply to all of our sites: 

**1.     General**  
In general, you can visit one of our sites without telling us who you are and without giving any personal information about yourself. There are times, however, when we or our partners or suppliers may need information from you. We try to make sure that the personally identifying information you provide us remains private. We will not sell, rent, trade or otherwise disclose the personally identifying information you provide to anyone outside of Sysco Corporation, its operating companies, except as otherwise provide in this policy or other policies relating to specific sites. However, 

  * When you visit any of our sites, your browser automatically sends us an IP (Internet Protocol) address and certain other information (including the type of browser you use). We may use this IP address and other information to give you access to the sites and otherwise administer the sites. In certain parts of a site, we may ask you to provide us with your name or other information so that we can provide you with information you request. You are under no obligation to provide us with this information, but without it, we may not be able to provide you the information you request.
  * We will use information that is generated by your visit or that you provide to us to provide a product or service, a callback, or information. To help us do this, we may share information, with others, including our various affiliates, business partners, financial institutions, shipping companies and postal or government authorities involved in fulfillment.
  * We use any information that we collect through the sites in connection with our fulfillment of orders and enforcing our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/Sysco/terms_use.html), customer orders or other arrangements with you or your organization.
  * You also should be aware that we collect certain usage information about our sites, such as the number and frequency of visitors to certain parts of a site and broad demographic information for aggregate use to analyze trends and administer the sites. This allows us to improve services and our sites. We may engage third parties with whom we share such information in order to assist us in analyzing such information and in making service and site improvements.
  * Some of our sites also include certain features that allow you to communicate with us by electronic mail or otherwise. If you choose to use such features (such as a "Contact Us" feature), you may be required to supply such information (including your e-mail address and other information we may deem necessary) in order for us to communicate and respond. We may not only respond to the e-mail messages you send us, but also use such information for any other business purpose, including sending you subsequent communications concerning this site, Sysco or our services. Moreover, please be aware that it may be possible for others to read messages that you send over the Internet, so do not send by electronic mail any information that you would want to keep confidential.
  * Like many companies, we use "cookie" technology on our Web site.[Click here](https://web.archive.org/web/20090622043242id_/http%3A//www.sysco.com/sysco/privacy_policy_cookies.html) to learn more about how we use cookies. These cookies may tell us whether you have visited our site before or are a new visitor and what material on our site you have viewed. These cookies also enable the sending of e-mail messages from our Web site. The cookies we use do not collect any personally identifying information about you or provide us with any way to contact you, and the cookies do not extract any information from your computer. We do not associate the cookie with any information you may include in an e-mail message. You should check the help information relating to the browser that you are using if you desire to disable cookies.
  * If you provide us with personal information or other information about somebody else, including information relating to another individual or the business with which you are associated, we will assume that you have their permission to do so. 



**2.     Arrangements with Third Parties**  
We may make information covered by this Privacy Policy available to third parties in a variety of circumstances: 

  * If you are a member or participant in an exchange, group purchasing organization, or other similar group, we may be required in our arrangements with that exchange, organization or group to deliver your transaction information and other data, including personally identifiable information, regardless of whether the information arises as a result of transactions through the exchange, organization or group or directly with us. You acknowledge that we have no responsibility or liability for any uses that such exchange, organization or group may make with respect to any such data.
  * We also may contract with third parties to provide various services to us, but in that case information is disclosed only for purposes of providing those services. For example, in some cases we use suppliers to collect, use, analyze and otherwise process information, to bill or process payments, to fulfill and deliver orders, and perform other functions on our behalf. Our practice is to require such suppliers to handle information in a manner consistent with our policies.
  * We may supply information to third parties, including governmental agencies, if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law, rule or order.
  * We may share aggregated statistical information with our business partners. This information does not include personally identifying information.
  * We may provide personal identifying and account information in order for us to enforce our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/Sysco/terms_use.html), customer orders or other arrangements. This includes exchanging information with other companies for purposes of fraud and credit risk reduction and collection.
  * We may share your name, mailing and e-mail address, telephone and fax number and other information (but not credit information) with third party partners to enable them to market their products and services. You will be provided with the opportunity to unsubscribe or to 'opt-out' of having online information used for purposes not directly related to the site at the point at which we ask for the information or when your receive an online requested promotional communication. Before we allow third parties to use such information for marketing purposes, we will offer you the opportunity to choose whether or not to have your information shared in this way. We may make other marketing uses with respect to such information as described in this Privacy Policy and the specific policies relating to our sites.
  * In some circumstances, we may decide to sell, buy, merge or reorganize operations or businesses. During the course of these and similar transactions we may disclose personal information to, or receive such information from, prospective counterparties to such transactions. Our practice is to seek contractual restrictions on the uses of information acquired in these types of transactions; however, the restrictions vary in terms of scope and exceptions. 



**3.     Marketing by Us**

  * We may send announcements and updates relating to our products or services or those of third parties, and may make introductions of third party service or product suppliers, to our customers and users of our sites;
  * We may contact you as part of our customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes;
  * We may enhance or merge the information we collect through the sites with data from third parties and with data we collect in other ways for purposes of marketing products or services;
  * We may communicate with you by various means (including e-mail, telephone, mail, fax) to provide requested services, content, product information, notification of special offers, or in regard to customer service issues. We will provide you with an opportunity to 'opt-out' of having online information used for purposes not directly related to the site at the point at which we ask for the information or when your receive an online requested promotional communication. 



**4.     Human Resources**  
Some of the pages associated with our sites may relate to employment opportunities or human resources. They usually will be captioned "Careers" or "Career Opportunities" or will have similar labels or captions clearly indicating the employment opportunity subject matter (the "[Careers](https://web.archive.org/careers/careers.html) Pages") and such pages may be co-branded with third party service providers. For example, we have contracted with PeopleClick, Inc. to provide us with an Internet-based, recruitment tracking system that enables us to manage our recruitment process. PeopleClick, Inc. collects and maintains a database of applicant data and processes data for us. Any personal information that you submit through Careers Pages will be collected in the United States and will be reviewed by our employees or consultants to evaluate your qualifications and experience for job opportunities in the United States. Your personal information will not be disclosed to third parties other than PeopleClick, Inc. or other third parties who provide services to us. We will (and each of our third party service providers with access to such information, including PeopleClick, Inc., will agree with us they will) take any legally required steps to secure your personal information. We will use your personal information for recruitment purposes, and if you are offered a job or become employed by us, for other employment-related purposes. By submitting information through Careers Pages, you agree that we may use the information for recruitment and employment purposes (including transferring the data to other countries, transferring your information to other companies authorized to perform specific services, and/or other processing relevant to recruitment purposes).

Resumes should include information relevant to your employment history and education (degrees obtained, places worked, positions held, relevant awards, and so forth). We recommend that you do not disclose sensitive personal characteristics (e.g. gender, height, weight, religion, philosophical or political beliefs, financial data, marital status) in your initial resume or letters. Please note that your information will be processed and/or stored in U.S. databases. By submitting your resume, you are consenting to the export of your information to the U.S. for processing and storage.

Except where you instruct us to remove your resume, we will keep the information for other consideration. If you need to update or otherwise make changes to you resume, simply resubmit a new resume. If you wish to have your resume completely removed from our systems (or the PeopleClick system), please send an e-mail to: resumes@corp.Sysco.com. To aid us (and PeopleClick) in locating your resume, please be sure and include your name, email address and phone number as submitted with your resume. 

**5.     Other Sites**  
Our sites may be linked to the web sites of others, as well as co-branded or other sites of our business partners, which may have privacy practices that differ from those at our sites. A co-branded site typically is operated by a third-party and displays the third-party's name or logo along with our name or logo. When you click on links that take you to such external or co-branded sites, you will be subject to their privacy policies. Please note that the privacy policies relating to our sites apply solely to information collected by or on behalf of us our those sites; we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties, including our business partners, and the uses that they may make of such information.

**6.     Your Consent**  
By accessing or using any of our sites, you consent and agree to (a) the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy, the policies that may specifically relate to the particular sites that you may visit, and the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/Sysco/terms_use.html), all of which are an integral part hereof, and (b) the collection and use of information as described herein and therein. We may revise this Privacy Policy or the policies that may specifically apply to certain of our sites, as well as the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/Sysco/terms_use.html), at any time by updating postings to our sites, and you agree to be bound by any such revisions in effect at the time of your accessing or use of any of our sites. Therefore, you should periodically visit our sites to determine the then current policies in effect.

| 
