> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sysprogs.org privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160609170854id_/http%3A//sysprogs.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Sysprogs - Privacy Policy

Last revised: May 05, 2016

### What we collect

We may collect information about the use of this website. We use this information to improve our website and services. This information is not personally linked to you.

We may also collect your contact data and payment data. This information is used to handle your orders and provide support.

### Sharing information

We may disclose your personal information to appropriate third parties. Such third parties include the order and payment processing companies we use and to comply with legal requirements. We will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties.

### Security

We are commited to keeping your information secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

### Links to other websites

This website may contain links to other websites. We have no control over the content and privacy policies of other websites. You are responsible for checking the privacy policy on these websites.

### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

In case IP-anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases the whole IP address will be first transfered to a Google server in the USA and truncated there. The IP-anonymisation is active on this website.

Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage.

The IP-address, that your Browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Addon for your current web browser: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>.

### Google Adsense

This website uses Google Adsense, a web advertisement service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"), to serve ads on portions of the website. Google Adsense uses cookies to serve ads based on your prior visits to the website. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads based on your visits to our website and/or other sites on the Internet.

You can opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting [Ads Settings](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/).

Other third-party vendors and ad networks may use cookies to serve ads on our website.

You can opt out of some third-party vendor's use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting [aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/).

You can read more about Google's use of data from their [partner site privacy policy](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/).

### Changes to this policy

We may revise this policy from time to time. If we make material changes, then we change the „last revised“ date above. You should check periodically for changes.
