> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ouchithurts.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160620051105id_/http%3A//www.phoenixmag.com/customer-service/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Customer Service

_PHOENIX_ MAGAZINE may collect two types of information about you: Personally Identifiable Information and Aggregate Information that is anonymous (such as your IP address - a number used to identify your computer when you are on the Internet - or the type of browser you are using). 

 **Personally Identifiable Information:**  "Personally Identifiable Information" refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are and can be used to identify, contact or locate you (such as your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address). You can visit our Site without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. You may be required to register or otherwise voluntarily provide Personally Identifiable Information to have access to some features of the Site. You always may choose not to provide the Personally Identifiable Information, but this may lead to decreased functionality of the Site for you and our inability to provide you with certain products or services. We also may request you to voluntarily provide Personally Identifiable Information that is not required to access features of our site. This information enables PHOENIX HOME & GARDEN to make general improvements to the Site and better serve your specific interests. 

 **Aggregate Information:**   _PHOENIX_ MAGAZINE may transparently collect Aggregate Information through the use of cookies or by other means. We use this information to assess general usage patterns, administer and make improvements to the Site and collect demographic information useful in some way to PHOENIX MAGAZINE and our business partners. We hope that by using Aggregate Information, we can update the Site to make it more useful to you and other users. We, and our business partners, reserve the right to use, maintain, update, disclose and/or sell Aggregate Information. 

 **What We Will and Will Not Do With the Information You Provide**

 _PHOENIX_ MAGAZINE uses information generally to compile statistical data, keep in contact with users and provide them with a better interactive experience. 

We may use your information specifically for the following purposes: to provide easy access every time you return to the Site without requiring re-entry of registration information; to keep you informed about products and services in which you may have interest; to complete business transactions; to contact you as part of a promotion; to allow you to make a posting on the Site; to administer individual accounts; to provide customer support; to meet legal requirements; to provide Internet security; and/or to analyze the collected information. In the event of a merger, consolidation, or sale or transfer of all or substantially all of our assets or business, one of the assets transferred may include the information we collect about our users. We also reserve the right to collect Personally Identifiable Information about you when you sign up for our Forums. We will collect this information to ensure compliance with our Forum rules. 

 _PHOENIX_ MAGAZINE works closely with our business partners and certain other third parties who may perform functions on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders, providing promotional materials to our users, sending e-mail, managing data, processing credit card payments or providing customer service. They have access to your Personally Identifiable Information only to the extent necessary to perform their functions and may not use it for any other purpose. Further, these business partners and other third parties may from time to time wish to extend special offers to you on their own behalf. We may use your Personally Identifiable Information to assist our business partners in offering you these products, services and information and may act as an intermediary (for instance, sending you e-mail on their behalf). We cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other efforts to enforce laws. We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information in response to legal process, such as a court order or subpoena, or to protect the Site, hosted sites or users of these sites. We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information in response to a request by law enforcement if there is an investigation of criminal conduct or other illegal activity. In most cases you may not receive notice of this disclosure to law enforcement. Therefore, we cannot promise, nor should you expect that, communications you make will always remain private. 

Other than for the specific purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to any third parties unless we obtain your prior consent or are legally compelled to do so. In addition, we will not contact you without your permission except as specified above or in connection with the registration process. On the Site, you will be given the opportunity to opt out of receiving e-mails or other information from _PHOENIX_ MAGAZINE. If you have questions about how your personally identifiable information is used, please contact us. 

 **Third Party Advertising**

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this Site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, email us at: [support@phoenixmag.com](mailto:support@phoenixmag.com). 

 **Cookies**

When you visit the Site, we or a third-party advertiser may store or recognize some information on your computer in the form of a "cookie" or similar file that can help us in many ways. For example, cookies allow us to tailor the Site to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet browsers or other software, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. If you reject cookies, functionality of the Site may be severely limited, and you may not be able to take advantage of many of the Site's best features. 

 **Linking to Our Business Affiliates' and Third Party Web Sites**

The Site contains links to sites operated by our business partners and other third parties. Once you leave the Site, you may or may not see a new URL in the location bar. Please review the linked site’s privacy policies, and if you do not agree to be bound by the terms of the policies governing that site, terminate your visit to that site. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the sites operated by our business partners or other third parties. 

 **How Secure is Your Information**

Any unauthorized use of the Site may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution. We have reasonable policies and procedures in place to protect the privacy and confidentiality of your information that we collect and maintain. All Personally Identifiable Information is stored on our secured servers, behind a firewall at a data center with access to data strictly controlled. To help ensure the privacy of your information, we urge you not to share your information with anyone. If you are asked to create a user name or password, please select words that do not personally identify you. 

 **How Information Can Be Accessed or Modified**

If you have any concerns about privacy procedures at our Web site or wish to access or modify your Personally Identifiable Information collected at the Site:
