> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bogner.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150613191501id_/http%3A//shop-us.bogner.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

To help Bogner achieve the goal of providing the highest quality products and services, we use information from our interactions with you and other customers, as well as from other parties. Except as stated below, none of this information is shared with outside parties other than companies we employ to perform functions on our behalf, to which limited data is given as is necessary in order to complete a shopping transaction or to maintain our relationship with you. Because we respect your privacy, we have implemented procedures to ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe, secure, and responsible manner. We have posted this Privacy Policy in order to explain our information collection practices and the choices you have about the way information is collected and used.

**Cookies and how we use them**

Bogner reserves the right to store information on your computer in the form of a cookie or similar file for purposes of modifying this Web site to reflect your preferences. Cookies are small packets of information sent by our Web site through your browser to your computer. Cookies allow us to respond to you as an individual, thus allowing us to personalize, customize and quickly process and complete your shopping experience without having to continually request the same basic information from you. Cookies do not give us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data which you choose to share with us, and are not used to store any personal information such as name, address or payment information. Cookies can be deleted or modified through your internet settings. If you do not want your browser to accept cookies, you can turn off the cookie acceptance option in your browser's setting. You have a choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject cookies you may be unable to fully utilize all of the Web site's features and information. 

**Children's Privacy**

Bogner strictly enforces its Children's Policy. We do not knowingly solicit or collect any information from children under the age of thirteen (13). Should it come to our attention that a child under the age of thirteen (13) has submitted any personally identifiable information we will automatically delete it.

**Electronic Communication**

When you visit this Web site or send e-mails to us, you are submitting information to us electronically and communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive electronic communications from us and from other businesses that we work with or partner with. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing pursuant to the Privacy Policy or our Terms and Conditions. Should you elect not to receive any e-mail communication please contact infousa@bogner.com.

**Online account registration**

To make online shopping faster and easier, you may register through our Web site. As a registered customer, you only have to enter your shipping addresses and billing information once; they can be securely stored with us for your future use. Using your e-mail and a password of your choice, you may access your account online at any time to add, delete, or change information. If you are using a public computer, we strongly encourage you to LOG OUT at the conclusion of your session. Your information will still be stored with us but it will not be accessible to anyone else from that computer.

**Security Information**

Personal information provided on the Web site and online credit card transactions are transmitted through a secure server using Secure Socket Layering (SSL), encryption technology. When the letters "http" in the URL change to "https," the "s" indicates you are in a secure area employing SSL; also, your browser may give you a pop-up message that you're about to enter a secure area. You may purchase online merchandise by calling toll-free 1-800-801-0372 during our call center hours. One of our customer service associates will gladly take your order. While we do share customer email addresses with our business partners and other businesses, we are committed to handling your personally identifiable information with high standards of information security. We take appropriate physical, electronic and administrative steps to maintain the security and accuracy of personally identifiable information we collect, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers, as well as employing electronic security systems and password protections that guard against unauthorized access. Our Web site uses encryption technology, such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your personal information during data transport. SSL encrypts ordering information such as your name, address and credit card number. Our customer service center and stores also operate over a private, secure network. Please note that e-mail is not encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information. It is important to remember that whatever you transmit or disclose online can be collected and used by others or unlawfully intercepted by third parties. No data transmission is 100% secure.

**Browsing the Web Site**

As you browse the Web site the Internet protocol (IP) address of your computer, “cookies” (described above) and other standard tracking data we use to evaluate Web site traffic and usage patterns are collected. Such information is aggregated with tracking data from all Web site visitors. If you only browse this Web site, you are not required to provide any personally identifiable information. Google Analytics is implemented on Bogner of America’s website, including features based on Display Advertising (e.g., Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting) Visitors can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the [Ads Settings](https://www.google.com/settings/ads). Bogner of America will not facilitate the merging of personally-identifiable information with non-personally identifiable information previously collected from Display Advertising features that is based on the DoubleClick cookie unless you have robust notice of, and the user's prior affirmative (i.e., opt-in) consent to, that merger.

**Your choices regarding the use of the Information we collect from you**

You can contact us at any time at 1-800-801-0372 or e-mail us at infousa@bogner.com to request access to, update, remove your data, or cancel your online customer registration. We will carefully evaluate each request and reply in the appropriate and secure manner. The following information can be accessed, updated or removed: (i) Financial information (such as credit card account information); (ii) Unique identifier information (customer number or password); (iii) Transaction information (dates on which you made purchases, amounts and types of purchases); and (iv) Contact information (name, address, phone number, email address). To the extent that such information is stored in other databases (or in the case of an email address, has been shared with another business or one of our business partners), we cannot always ensure that such updates or deletions will reach the other databases.

**How we use the Information we collect**

The aggregate information collected by and through this Web site is owned solely by us. We use the information we collect for our internal purposes, in an aggregated form, to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed, and other relevant statistics including age, gender, and interests. We collect this information to measure the use of our site and to improve the content and processes of our site. We use the information we collect for various purposes, including, but not limited to: (i) to complete your purchase transactions; (ii) to provide the services you request; to send you our catalogs and other offerings by mail; (iii) to keep you informed about the status of your orders; (iv) to identify your product and service preferences so we can notify you of new or additional products, services, and promotions that might be of interest to you; (v) to notify you of product recalls or provide other information concerning products you have purchased; (vi) to improve our merchandise selections, customer service, and overall shopping experience; (vii) to contact you about the Web site, e.g., to inform you of changes to this Privacy Policy or the Terms and Conditions of this Web site; (viii) to inform you of a change in ownership or control of the information collected by and through the Web site; and (ix) to monitor or improve the use of the Web site.

**Others with whom we share your Information**

If you purchase merchandise on our Web site, we may share your personal identifiable information with a third party company for order fulfillment processing. Please note that we share our customers’ email addresses with other businesses and our business partners, who may in turn issue email offers of potential interest to our customers. If you do not want us to share your email address with other businesses and our business partners, you may contact us as set forth above, and we will endeavor to avoid sharing your email address with other businesses and our business partners. Except for customer email addresses, we will not sell, rent or transfer the personal information you transfer or submit on the Web site to third parties other than for order fulfillment. We may share aggregate information, such as general demographics and Web site usage statistics to third parties, such as third parties that advertise on the Bogner Web site. When general demographic information is shared, we do not share the personally identifiable information you provide on the Web site. We may share your personally identifiable information with employees, agents, parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates of Bogner. The Web site, Bogner and/or a subsidiary or division of Bogner may be sold along with its assets, or other transactions may occur in which your personally identifiable information is one of the business assets transferred. In such a case, this information, which we have gathered, may be one of the business assets we transfer. In the event we are required to respond to subpoenas, court orders or other legal process, your personally identifiable information may be disclosed pursuant to such subpoena, court order or legal process, which may be without notice to you.

**Third Party Links, Web Sites and Cookies**

Our Web site may contain external links to third party Web sites. We have no control over, and are not responsible for-, the content of-, or information gathered by these other Web sites. Any personally identifiable information collected by such third parties is subject to such third parties’ privacy policy.
