> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jillianmichaels.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061228053534id_/http%3A//www.jillianmichaels.com/netregistration/TOSPrivacy/tospp_58.aspx%3Ftab%3D3) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Jillian Michaels

Waterfront Media, Inc. ("WM," "we" or "us") provides a variety of online services and products, including without limitation, subscription, newsletter and update services ("Services"), to subscribers via email and on numerous websites throughout the World Wide Web, including the site you are currently on (the "Sites"). WM is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information, and providing a safe and secure environment for its subscribers. 

THE PURPOSE OF THIS WM PRIVACY POLICY (THE "POLICY") IS TO HELP YOU UNDERSTAND THE KINDS OF INFORMATION WE MAY GATHER ABOUT YOU WHEN YOU VISIT THE SITES OR USE ANY OF OUR SERVICES, HOW WE MAY USE THAT INFORMATION, IN WHICH MANNER WE WILL DISCLOSE IT, AND HOW YOU CAN CORRECT AND/OR UPDATE THE INFORMATION. PLEASE NOTE THAT BY USING THE SERVICES OR VISITING THE SITES, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT WITH THIS POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES OR REFRAIN FROM VISITING THE SITES. 

Please note that the Policy applies only to WM's Services and Sites, but not to other websites to which we may link, or to third parties or advertisers on the Sites. Additionally, your use of the Services and/or the Sites is governed by WM's Terms of Service, as well as by any other published rules pertaining to either a particular Site or Service. 

## Children's Information

WM's policy is that it does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from individuals under eighteen years of age. The Services or Sites are not directed or intended for children (i.e., those under eighteen years of age). If you are under eighteen years of age, you should not register to become a Subscriber or provide personally identifiable information on any of the Sites. If you are the parent or guardian of a child whom you believe has disclosed personally identifiable information to WM, please contact WM at [privacy@waterfrontmedia.com](mailto:privacy@waterfrontmedia.com) so that we may delete and remove such child's information from our systems. 

## The Information We Gather

WM collects two types of information from visitors or users of the Sites or the Services: "personally identifiable information," such as your name and address and "aggregate" or non-personally identifiable information, such as collective information about traffic patterns on the Sites (for example, how many users log on to Sites on a daily basis). 

WM collects information from you at several different points on the Sites or through use of the Services, either through the use of technology such as cookies (explained below in the Section titled "Cookies") or by asking you for specified information . WM continually uses technology such as cookies or web beacons to review its visitors' demographics, interests and pages viewed on the Sites, and WM may require its subscribers and users to provide certain personal information if they wish to participate in various activities on the Sites (e.g., consummating transactions and entering into contests, drawings or surveys). 

## Message Board and Chats

Among the many Services which WM offers subscribers on the Sites, we provide voluntary message boards and chat rooms. Please be aware that WM does not monitor these message boards or chat rooms and any visitor may read your postings on a message board or in a chat room. Furthermore, any information which you may post to a message board or in a chat room, including your profile information, will be disclosed and available to all users of that message board or chat room, and is therefore no longer private. By using the Sites' message boards or chat rooms, you agree that WM is not responsible for any information that you disclose or communicate online in public areas such as message boards and chat rooms, and any disclosures you make are at your own risk. WM reserves the right to republish your postings (in whole or part), taken from message boards or chat rooms, anywhere on the Sites or elsewhere on the Web in any format or any other medium, including print and radio, without prior notice or your express consent. 

## How We Use the Information That We Gather

WM uses certain technologies, such as "cookies," to personalize and improve your online experience. 
  * Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive. Cookies store information about your visit to the Sites or your use of the Services, thereby allowing you to access certain WM Site features not otherwise available. The information in the cookie is transmitted from your computer to WM, our agents, or to one of our third-party authorized service contractors. The information contained in these cookies makes it possible for us to know if you are presently logged onto a Site or using any of the Services, or whether you have done so in a prior visit. This technology also enables WM to instantly determine your access privileges while allowing you to navigate the Sites or use any of the Services without having to repeatedly log in. 
  * Cookies from WM and/or one of our authorized service contractors are also used to collect standard information transmitted from your web browser including, without limitation: your Internet address, browser type, web pages you visited with date and time, purchases you made on any of the Sites and the type of operating system on your computer. This information is used to help us understand and meet the ever-changing needs and interests of our visitors or subscribers. 
  * WM may also use cookies to track your access to, and use of the message boards, forums and chat rooms on the Sites, as well as your responses to any of our online surveys. 
  * You always have the option of setting your browser to warn you when a cookie is being accessed on your computer or to decline cookies altogether. However, to take full advantage of the Sites, Services and features offered by WM, we recommend that you set your browser to accept cookies. The settings on your computer that allow you to accept or refuse cookies vary depending on the web browser you are running. Please check the help tab of your browser for specifics on your software. 
  * WM does not control any cookies you may receive from an advertiser and these cookies are not subject to this Policy, although the advertiser may have their own policy. o WM also uses web beacon technology to help track site usage. Web beacons (also called single pixel gifs or action tags) allow WM to track page viewing counts and patterns which we use to focus and tailor future content development, measure the effectiveness of WM's own marketing campaigns and assist with broadband capacity management for the Sites. 
  * WM also employs web beacons within the context of certain e-mails in order to determine the effectiveness and appeal of those mailings. These web beacons 'sense' and notify WM if and when you open the e-mail, if your e-mail program is capable of displaying HTML messages, and where you may navigate within these HTML messages. 



In addition to the foregoing, WM uses the information obtained from its visitors, subscribers and users in order to enhance and customize their online experiences. 

WM uses the information collected, including personally identifiable information, for a variety of purposes. For example, we use your information to better understand your needs and provide you with better products and services. We may use your information to respond to your inquiries or requests, communicate with you, update you on products, services and benefits, alert you to promotional offers, personalize the Sites for you, contact you for market research, provide you with marketing information, newsletters or other information we think would be of particular interest and/or to investigate violations of the terms and provisions of this Policy or our Terms of Use. We will always give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving such materials. 

WM uses a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit our Web site. This company may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visit to this Web site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by this company, please [click here](http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy). In addition, you have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser

WM may also share your personal information and/or aggregate information with our affiliates, technical consultants, third party auditors and other third parties who create or maintain the Sites, enhance their functionality or provide associated services and/or deal with you in processing your orders and/or delivering content, samples, products, services and gifts and prizes. Please note that we reserve the right to transfer your personally identifiable information and other information to our successors in business and purchasers (in whole or in part) of the Site's assets. 

In addition, WM may share your personal information (including, to the extent permitted by law, any demographic information you provide to us like zip code, age, gender, marital status, product preferences) with third parties, so that such third parties can contact you regarding their products, services, offers, or information we think you will find valuable. These third parties may also use the information to generate aggregate reports and market research or for other purposes. Any information shared with third parties becomes subject to such third parties' privacy policies and terms of use. WM is not responsible for any subsequent usage made by such third parties of the information they have received from us. If you would rather not have us share this information with third parties, just notify us at 1-888 795-4719. Make sure you notify us for each account or e-mail address you have with us. 

WM may also use a third party ad network provider to help present advertisements on this Site. Third-party ad serving enables WM to target advertisements to you for products and services you might be interested in. These third party network advertisers, along with other advertisers and sponsors on the Sites, may use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies (and, in the case of cookies, access them on your computer if you choose to have cookies enabled in your browser) to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited, to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before and to avoid sending you duplicated advertisements. In doing so, the provider collects non-personal data such as your browser type, your operating system, Web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed and other clickstream data. The use of third party cookies, web beacons and similar technologies by these ad network providers is governed by each third party's specific privacy policy, not this one. Please visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp> to learn more about the information collection practices and "opt-out" procedures of third party ad networks we may use. 

Please note that WM reserves the right to access and/or disclose personal information and aggregate information we gather, as required by courts or administrative agencies and to the extent required to permit us to investigate suspected fraud, harassment or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, the Sites' rules or policies, or the rights of third parties or to investigate any suspected conduct which WM deems improper. 

## Disclosure of Personal Information in the Event of Merger or Sale of Assets 

WM, its parent, subsidiaries or affiliates, could merge with or be acquired by another business entity, or all or substantially all of their respective assets could be acquired, or WM could sell or transfer the assets of this Site. Should such a combination,acquisition, transfer or transaction occur, WM reserves the right to transfer some or all of your personally identifiable information and other information with our successors in business and purchasers (in whole or in part) of the Sites' assets. 

## Co-branded and Other Affiliated Sites

As stated above, certain information or Services offered or provided through the Sites may, from time to time, be provided on or through other websites operated by or in conjunction with third parties ("Partners"). These websites and the features thereon may have the same "look and feel" as WM's Sites and/or Services. WM terms these websites "co-branded sites", and often times a Partner's logo or name may appear on the website, or the Partner's name may appear in the URL. Although WM will retain any personally identifiable information collected about you from one of these co-branded sites, such information may also be shared by WM with that Partner, as explained more fully in the Section titled "How We Use the Information That We Gather" above. 

## Third Party Links

WM does not monitor, control or endorse the information collection or privacy practices of any third parties including, without limitation, any co-branded, Partner or affiliated sites which may or may not be owned or operated by or in conjunction with WM or other third parties who may provide services throughout the Sites. Please be aware that the Sites may contain links to other websites on the Internet and the Services may be provided by such third parties. WM assumes no liability or responsibility for the information collection and privacy practices of such third party. Please consult each website's privacy policy. In addition, WM is not responsible for the content or data collection practices of any third party websites, including a third party's use of cookies or other data-collection applications. Even though certain information collected by such third parties might not identify you personally, we strongly encourage you to become familiar with their privacy practices, and to contact them if you have any questions about their respective privacy policies and practices. 

On behalf of various sponsors, the Sites may provide sponsored links to third-party websites or resources ("Linked Sites"). WM neither controls nor have we reviewed or approved the content that appears on such Linked Sites. You acknowledge and agree that WM is not responsible for the legality, accuracy or inappropriate nature of any content, advertising, products or other materials on or available from such Linked Sites. You further acknowledge and agree that WM shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods, and services available on or through any such Linked Site. 

## Security

WM places a priority on the security of personally identifiable information, and we undertake reasonable security measures that comply with federal regulations to protect the data that resides on our servers. WM also uses secure server software (SSL) to process all transactions which occur on the Sites. SSL encrypts all of your personal information transmitted over the Internet, including your credit card number, name and address. However, no security system is impenetrable. WM cannot warrant or guarantee the security of its servers, nor can it guarantee that information supplied by Subscribers or other users will not be intercepted while being transmitted to WM over the Internet. 

## Correction/Updating Personal Information

If your personally identifiable information changes (such as your address, zip code), or if you no longer desire to use or access one of the Sites or Services, WM encourages you to correct, update or remove the personal information that you provided. This can be done at the "Manage My Account" page on each of the Sites. Keep in mind, however, that even if you delete your account from WM's records, there will be residual information that will remain within WM's databases, access logs, and other records, which may or may not contain personally identifiable information. WM is not responsible for updating any information contained in third-party lists or databases. 

## How To Contact Us

Please relay any questions you may have pertaining to our above stated policies to our Customer Service Department 1-888-795-4719, or email us at [info@waterfrontmedia.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20061228053534id_/http%3A//www.jillianmichaels.com/netregistration/TOSPrivacy/info@waterfrontmedia.com). 

## Privacy Policy Changes

This Policy was last changed on November 27, 2006. If WM makes changes to any of the terms or conditions of the Policy, this document will be revised so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and to whom we will disclose it. We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy at any time and without notice, and any changes will become effective immediately upon being posted unless WM advises you otherwise. Your continued use of the Services and/or the Sites after this Policy has been amended shall be deemed to be your continued acceptance of the terms and conditions of the Policy, as amended. We encourage you to bookmark this web page and review this Policy regularly. 

Copyright © 2006, Waterfront Media, Inc. All rights reserved. 
