> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the smplayer.info privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161030213558id_/http%3A//smplayer.sourceforge.net/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SMPlayer - Privacy Policy

## Data Controller

The controller of the personal data included in the data collected and processed on this website is Ricardo Villalba, hereinafter SMPLAYER, with email ricardo@smplayer.info 

## Data Collection

SMPLAYER only collects personal information that is provided through the forms on the website and to our email addresses. 

## Uses and Purposes of the Collected Data

SMPLAYER collects personal data for the purposes listed below. If you do not agree with any of them, you can contact us at the email address ricardo@smplayer.info. The intended uses and purposes are: 

**User Registration and Management**   
The information provided in the registration form will be used to manage website users. SMPLAYER will not tolerate false registrations or attempts to impersonate the identity of people or businesses. Providing false information on the registration form will automatically entail the suspension of the user. 

## Communication of Data to Third Parties

SMPLAYER does not plan to disclose your personal data to third parties, except in cases provided by law (public administrations, administrative or judicial authorities, etc.) 

## Google Analytics

Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc., whose main office is located in 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View (California), CA 94043, United States of America ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. To learn more about the privacy policy of this service visit: <http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/privacyoverview.html>

## Google Adsense

SMPLAYER uses Google Adsense, a self or third party advertisement publishing service provided by Google, Inc. Google Adsense uses cookies and Doubleclick to display ads based on your browsing history and interests. If you would like more information about the operation of this cookie you can visit this web site: <http://www.google.com/doubleclick/>

You may refuse the publication of ads based on your preferences and browsing history through rejecting the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser or following the instructions given on this website <http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/>

The Google Adsense service only collects data only such as your IP address, browser used, etc. The information collected by this service does not include other personal data such as your name or email address. 

If you would like more information about Google's privacy policies, please visit this website: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>

## Use of Cookies

Our website uses cookies implantation devices which allow you to be automatically identified and enable us to obtain information about the habits of visitors and behaviour in our website, to help us improve it. If you do not want these files to be installed in your equipment, you may block them in the cookies option of your internet browser. 

## Exercise of Rights

At any moment, you are free to exercise your right of access, modification, cancellation and opposition by sending the corresponding request together with a copy of an official identification document (ID card, driving license or passport) to the email address ricardo@smplayer.info 

## Version

This Privacy Policy is dated on December 23, 2014. Any modification to its terms will be posted on this website. 
