> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bugcomic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161207060350id_/http%3A//www.bugmartini.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Bug Martini » Privacy Policy

[et_pb_section admin_label=”section” transparent_background=”off” background_color=”#afdb84″ allow_player_pause=”off” inner_shadow=”off” parallax=”off” parallax_method=”off” padding_mobile=”on” make_fullwidth=”off” use_custom_width=”off” width_unit=”on” make_equal=”off” use_custom_gutter=”off” custom_padding=”80px|0px|80px|0px” custom_css_main_element=”box-shadow: 0px 1px 6.86px 0.14px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.16),1.5px 2.598px 4.7px 0.3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.24);”][et_pb_row admin_label=”row” make_fullwidth=”off” use_custom_width=”off” width_unit=”on” use_custom_gutter=”off” padding_mobile=”on” allow_player_pause=”off” parallax=”off” parallax_method=”off” make_equal=”off” parallax_1=”off” parallax_method_1=”off” column_padding_mobile=”on” custom_padding=”0px|20px|0px|20px” custom_padding_tablet=”0px|0px|0px|0px” custom_padding_last_edited=”on|phone”][et_pb_column type=”4_4″][et_pb_text admin_label=”Text” background_layout=”light” text_orientation=”left” use_border_color=”off” border_color=”#ffffff” border_style=”solid” background_color=”#ffffff” custom_padding=”40px|40px|40px|40px” custom_css_main_element=”box-shadow: 0px 1px 6.86px 0.14px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.16),1.5px 2.598px 4.7px 0.3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.24);” custom_padding_tablet=”20px|20px|20px|20px” custom_padding_last_edited=”on|desktop”]

Short version: I do not sell or share any personal information with any companies or third parties.

Below is a summary of information I use.

**Email information:**  
If you choose to correspond with me through email, I may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses.

**Comments:**  
When you leave a comment on a post on bugmartini.com, you are required to enter your email address. This email address is stored in the database on the server, but is not made public. It is disclosed only to me to administer the site. However, everything else you enter in the comment text fields is made public after you submit your comment. You are urged to use caution regarding disclosing personal information in the comments.

**Server Logs:**  
My web server logs your IP address and browser type in standard server logs. I use your IP address to administer the web site and diagnose server problems.

**Google Analytics:**  
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.  By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

**Cookies:**  
Information is collected via cookies, which may log data regarding your visit such as your IP address and the name and/or location of your internet provider. You may block cookie usage via their personal browser settings, but it may disable some functions of the website.

**Ad Servers:**  
**We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here<http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>**

You can read the privacy policy for PulsePoint, one of the ad servers publishing ads on this site, [here](http://www.contextweb.com/privacy_policy).

If you have any questions or feedback about this policy, feel free to contact me at bugcomic@gmail.com

[/et_pb_text][/et_pb_column][/et_pb_row][/et_pb_section]
