> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 118118.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-07-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070720202027id_/http%3A//118118.com/static/en/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 118118.com

  


118118.COM PRIVACY STATEMENT

INFORMATION ABOUT THE NUMBER AND OUR WEB SITE

The Number UK Limited (“The Number”) is committed to providing the highest quality directory services for its users. In order to provide the highest quality service, we do collect some personal information from and may invite you to update the listing information we have for you or your business online. We are committed to ensuring that all your personal information that is collected is kept private and protected. We will ensure that our website is absolutely secure in its collection and use of your personal information. We follow the Data Protection Act 1998 and are registered on the public register of data controllers maintained by the Information Commissioner.

DISCLOSURE AND VISITOR CHOICE

  
We may pass information about you to our employees and, associated companies, sub-contractors and business partners to process your applications and orders for services and to administer your transactions and any services provided to you by us now or in the future or any correspondence entered into between you and us.  


  
CONFIDENTIALITY / SECURITY

We have implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personal data that we have under our control from:  
• unauthorised access   
• improper use or disclosure   
• unauthorised modification   
• unlawful destruction or accidental loss  
All our employees and data processors who have access to, and are associated with, the processing of personal data are obliged to respect the confidentiality of our visitors' personal data. We will only use your data when you have given us permission to do so. When you register, we will clearly state: "We may from time to time send you information about our products and services or details of our special offers or promotions; and any other advertising or marketing materials that we think might interest you. Please indicate if you would like to be contacted by us in this way by ticking yes or no below." We will never rent or sell our customer lists to any other organisation or individual. Customer lists may be used to process customer information and research customer's needs and preferences. You should be aware that if our website contains links to other websites then these sites may have different privacy and security policies. We don't have any control over them, and take no responsibility for information given on these other sites. A list of third parties that personal data may be shared with is available on request.

NON EEA COUNTRIES

You should be aware that countries outside the European Economic Area may have a lower standard of protection for personal information than that required by the Data Protection Act 1998. If it is necessary to transfer your data to a company based outside the EEA (e.g. for the purpose of completing a contract for your benefit) then The Number make every effort to ensure that your personal data is processed in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, as implementing the EU Directive on the Protection of Personal Data (95/46/EC), and any other Act or Acts replacing or modifying such Act for the time being in force, through the implementation of an agreement ensuring adequate protection of your personal data.

ACCESS TO THE PERSONAL DATA WE MAY HOLD ABOUT YOU

You also have complete control over the information stored about you and what types of information, if any, you'd like to receive. Sometimes you may be asked to provide proof of identity before we show you your personal information - this requirement is so we can prevent unauthorised access. We allow you to challenge the data that we hold about you and, where appropriate, you may have the data: 

  * erased 
  * rectified or amended 
  * completed 



We do not collect or keep your personal data unless it is strictly necessary for the above purposes. We do not keep it for longer than is necessary either. If you want to know exactly what personal information The Number holds on you, you can obtain it. If it transpires that the information held is inaccurate, we will make the necessary amendments and confirm to you that these have been made. Please write to the following address, enclosing a cheque for the administration fee of £10 made payable to The Number (UK) Limited under the terms of the Data Protection Act: Information and Security Manager, The Number UK Limited, Sterling House, Malthouse Avenue, Cardiff, CF23 8RA 

PRIVACY COMPLIANCE

Our privacy policy is compliant with the following Statute: UK Data Protection Act 1998 We are subject to a Government Agency supervision. 

GOVERNMENT AGENCY SUPERVISION 

Designation of the agency: Information Commissioner  
URL: http://www.dataprotection.gov.uk/  
Address: Information Commissioner's Office, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF  
Country: United Kingdom  


PRIVACY SUPPORT   


If you have an enquiry or concern about our privacy policy, please contact: Information and Security Manager, The Number UK Limited, Sterling House, Malthouse Avenue, Cardiff, CF23 8RA.   


CHANGES TO THE POLICY  


We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will be posted to this page, and we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any significant changes to this policy. 
