> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pauladeen.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180202122401id_/https%3A//www.pauladeen.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Network Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions - Paula Deen

## PAULA DEEN NETWORK PRIVACY POLICY

**Updated On: 10/11/2016**

1\. General: Paula Deen Ventures, Inc., its affiliates, and the Paula Deen Network (collectively “PDN”) produce the PDN Website, (“Website”). We are committed to safeguarding your privacy online. This Privacy Policy is applicable to this Website.

**Collection and Use of Personal Information  **

Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact a single person.

You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with PDN or a PDN affiliated company. PDN and its affiliates may share this personal information with each other and use it consistently with this Privacy Policy. They may also combine it with other information to provide and improve our products, services, content, and advertising. You are not required to provide the personal information that we have requested, but, if you chose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to inquiries you may have.

Here are some examples of the types of personal information PDN may collect and how we may use it.

**What Personal Information We Collect**

When you create a PDN ID, register your subscription, purchase a product, download a software update, contact us or participate in an online survey, we may collect a variety of information, including your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, birthday, and credit card information.

When you share your content with family and friends using PDN products, send gift certificates and products, or invite others to join you on PDN forums, PDN may collect the information you provide about those people such as name, mailing address, email address, and phone number.

**How we use your personal information**

The personal information we collect allows us to keep you posted on PDN’s latest product announcements, software updates, and upcoming events.

We also use personal information to help us create, develop, operate, deliver, and improve our products, services, content and advertising, and for loss prevention and anti-fraud purposes.

From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with PDN, you may not opt out of receiving these communications.

We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve PDN’s products, services, and customer communications.

If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion we may use the information you provide to administer those programs.

For the purposes described above, we may share your information with third party service providers, such as website operators, providers of complimentary services, marketing companies, and were appropriate, law enforcement authorities. Whenever we share your information with third parties, those third parties are obligated (except where otherwise required by law enforcement authorities) to treat your personally identifiable information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.

We may also disclose your information in connection with any merger or consolidation with, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets to a third party, provided that such third party agrees to comply with our Privacy Policy. In the event we sell our assets, including our databases, your personal information will be transferred to the purchaser.

**Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information**

We also collect data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it:

We may collect information such as occupation, language, zip code, area code, unique device identifier, location, and the time zone where the PDN service is used so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our products, services, and advertising.

We may collect information regarding customer activities on our website, stores and from our other products and services. This information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest. Aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.

If we do combine non-personal information with personal information the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.

2\. Information Automatically Collected; Cookies; Web Beacons: We may use cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, or similar technologies, alone or in combination with personally identifiable information you choose to provide us, to make our Website work better, to understand Website usage and trends, to deliver a more personalized experience and to improve our content and offerings. Examples of the information we collect and analyze using such methods may include, without limitation, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; e-mail address; login name and password; operating system type, version and computer platform; purchase history, which we may aggregate with similar information from other customers; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, on, and from our Website, including date and time; cookie information; and products you viewed or searched for. We may also use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page. We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.

We may also use cookies to enable you to use a “shopping cart” if you want to purchase goods or services while on our Website, to store your preferences associated with video streaming or other content offered from our Website and to offer you products, programs, or services based on purchase and Website usage behavior that you and/or other customers have exhibited. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to accept or reject most cookies. Certain cookies that are set when some video products are accessed on our Website, called local shared objects or Flash cookies, may not be managed using the settings in your web browser. Information on managing, accepting and rejecting these cookies is available from Adobe on the Adobe website. If you set your browser or Adobe Flash options not to accept cookies or local shared objects, you may not be able to take advantage of certain services on our Website.

We may allow other companies that are presenting advertisements or providing services, including but not limited to social media connectivity, on our pages to set and access cookies on your computer and/or web beacons or similar technologies on certain of our pages and/or certain emails sent by us.

Many advertisements are managed and placed on our Website by third parties. These companies are called “Network Advertisers.” Network Advertisers who place advertisements on our Website may place cookies or web beacons on our Website and use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our Website and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We do not install spyware or adware in connection with our Website or distribute any commercial message, or authorize any third party to distribute any commercial message, by means of spyware or adware. “Spyware” or “adware” is any software which has been downloaded to and/or installed on an Internet user’s computer, without the user’s actual consent, and facilitates the distribution of any commercial message to the user. If you feel you may have spyware from another company installed on your machine, there are various anti-spyware/adware software applications available on the Internet to identify if this has occurred. As time passes, either or both of the Providers may be sold along with their assets, or other transactions may occur in which customer information is one of the business assets transferred. In such a case, the customer information which we have gathered may be one of the business assets we transfer.

We may be required to share your personal information and non-personal information pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas, warrants, or orders. If we are required to do so, we will, of course, obey the law. In addition, notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to use, disclose, and/or share your personal and non-personal information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of this Website’s Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law.

3\. PDN Security Practices: Your Website account preferences are password protected for your privacy and security. We maintain commercially reasonable safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of personally identifiable information submitted to our Site, and we periodically review and update security measures in light of current technologies. Your password is a component of our security system. As such, it is your responsibility to protect it. Do not share your password with any third parties. If your password has been compromised for any reason, please notify us immediately.

4\. Links: Our Website contains links to other websites produced by the PDN and to websites and/or products operated by unrelated third parties. In addition, if you click on an advertisement on our Website, you may be directed to a web page within our Website or to a third party website or product. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third party websites or products. We encourage you to be aware of this when your leave our Website and to read the privacy policies of every website and product that collects personally identifiable information from you. This Privacy Policy applies only to this Website, unless you are notified otherwise upon accessing any third party website or product, in which case the terms and conditions set forth in such notification will apply.

5\. Children: We do not knowingly collect any personal information from a child under the age of thirteen (13). The statements in this Privacy Policy about our collection and use of personal information also apply to our treatment of personal information from children under the age of thirteen. Some services on our Website require the submission of a credit card number along with personal information in connection with a purchase, and some other services on our Website require the submission of personal information to the Website. None of these services are available to children under the age of thirteen. If a child who the website providers know to be under the age of thirteen attempts to utilize a service on this Website which is not available to children, he/she will receive a message stating that they are not eligible for the service. If PDN becomes aware that PDN inadvertently received personal information from a child under the age of thirteen on this Website, PDN will delete such information from our records.

6\. Contact Us or Opt Out: Privacy Administrator: If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, your personal information, including if you believe that PDN may have incorrect information for you, or if you would like to opt out of PDN commercial email updates, you can contact us at the information below. If you would like to opt out, simply write “Opt Out” in the subject line and body of the message and include your name and email address. Address: 2391 Downing Ave Thunderbolt, GA 31404 Email: privacy@pauladeen.com

7\. Ads Displayed on PaulaDeen.com: This Site may include third-party advertising. These third parties’ websites and advertisers, or the Internet advertising companies that work on their behalf, may use technology to send (or “serve”) the advertisements that appear on our Site directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, Javascript, Pixel Tags and other technologies to deliver advertisements, collect information about the effectiveness of their advertisements, and to collect anonymous information about your visits to the Site, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other Personal Data).

For more information about these specialized cookies and other technologies, and how to “opt out” of information collection by these companies, we suggest you visit <http://doubleclick.net/privacy_policy> or <http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/>.

8\. Changes: PDN may update its Privacy Policy from time to time. When PDN changes the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated Privacy Policy.

9\. California Do Not Track Disclosure: PDN does not track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, some third party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. If you are visiting such sites, you may be able to set the DNT signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked. You are solely responsible for monitoring your privacy in this regard through your own device and software. PDN encourages you to contact the support service of your web browser or other software or browser provider so that you may learn how to setup a do not track option.

Third parties that have content embedded on PDN’s websites, such as a social features, may set cookies on a user’s browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited a specific PDN website from a certain IP address. Third parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from PDN’s websites unless you provide it to them directly.
