> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mtvindia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021208181638id_/http%3A//www.mtvindia.com/mtv/Privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# mtvindia.com

**Privacy Policy**

Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. Because we gather certain types of information about our users, we feel you should fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.

**1\. Information MTVindia.com gathers and tracks**

MTVindia.com gathers two types of information about users: Data that users provide through optional, voluntary registrations for services like bulletin board, electronic newsletters, contests, and online surveys; and data that MTVindia.com gathers through aggregating tracking information derived mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites and click-through on our newsletters. Such information enables us to better tailor our content to readers' needs and to help our advertisers better understand the demographics of our audience. Because MTVindia.com derives its revenue mainly from advertising, providing such aggregated demographic data is essential to keeping our service free to users. The only situation in which MTVindia.com divulges information about an individual user to a third party is with certain contests and sweepstakes -- and then, only with the user's express consent. MTVindia.com gathers user information in the following processes:

**Optional registration  
**Several MTVindia.com services offer free, voluntary registration to users. By registering, users can participate in contests and use services (such as message boards). They can also take advantage of personalization (the ability to select content according to a user-supplied profile). During registration, the user is required to supply information such as username, password, e-mail address, age, gender, and other related information. In addition, the user can opt to subscribe to electronic newsletters. Polling MTVindia.com also offers interactive polls to users so they can easily share their opinions with other users and see what the MTVindia.com audience thinks about various issues. MTVindia.com uses a system to "tag" users after they have voted, so they can vote only once on a particular question. This tag is not correlated with information about individual users.

**Message boards/forums  
**Users of the MTVindia.com message board must register for this service (free of charge) in order to post messages, although they needn't register to visit the site. During registration, the user is required to supply a username, password, and e-mail address.

**Electronic newsletters  
**MTVindia.com offers a free electronic newsletter to users. MTV india.com gathers the e-mail addresses of users who voluntarily subscribe. Users may remove themselves from this mailing list through the subscription management pages. The instructions for unsubscribing are also clearly stated on every electronic newsletter sent out. Users can also subscribe to the newsletters at the time of registration. MTVindia.com delivers newsletters, marketing and product offerings via e-mail to only registered recipients from our subscription center. The e-mail tracking system recognizes the URL that was clicked, and records some information about you and your computer, such as the e-mail address that you provided to us, the browser, operating system, and IP address. MTVindia.com also uses the feature of your browser to set a "cookie" on your system. This allows us to measure and report the click-through rate on e-mail delivered and better determine future content. While aggregate counts of click-through behavior are provided to advertisers, an advertiser will never know that a specific user clicked their ad. MTVindia.com does not target advertising against specific user information. MTVindia.com will not provide specific user information to any third party company.

**"E-mail this story to a friend" service**  
On MTVindia.com, a reader can choose to electronically forward a story or article to someone else by clicking the link that accompanies that story. The user must provide their e-mail address, as well as that of the recipient. This information is used only in the case of transmission errors and, of course, to let the recipient know who sent the story. The information is not used for any other purpose. Surveys

Occasionally, MTVindia.com conducts user surveys to better target our content to our audience. We sometimes share the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with our advertisers and partners. We never share any of this information about specific individuals with any third party. Contests and sweepstakes

MTVindia.com offers contests and sweepstakes in which we request certain personal information. At a minimum, the required information includes name and e-mail address; in some cases, the user must answer mandatory survey questions about a range of other personal data. The information gathered in the entry form is used to verify the entrant's identity and to contact winners and/or prize recipients. There are two situations in which MTVindia.com will divulge this information to a third party -- provided the user gives express consent: (1) A user may expressly choose to receive additional information from the contest sponsor, in which case the user's personally identifiable information is divulged to the advertiser. (2) Some of the contests may be hosted on the MTVindia.com site but administered by the sponsor; in such cases, the information a user provides is passed on to the third party as long as that user gives express consent. Because the rules and terms of each contest can vary, all information about each contest is clearly posted during the event. All contests and sweepstakes are conducted in full accordance with Singapore law.

**Usage tracking  
**MTVindia.com tracks user traffic patterns throughout the site. **** Cookies A cookie is a small data file that certain Web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited. But the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. MTVindia.com uses cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above), when you register as a member, and when you click on an ad: Registration: when you register, MTVindia.com uses a cookie to store a unique, random user ID. We do not store passwords or any personal information about you. We use this ID to identify you anonymously in our database and to track the pages you visit on our site. Cookies also enable you to visit member-restricted areas of the sites. Ads: MTVindia.com's advertising system delivers a one-time cookie to better track ad impressions and click rates. (Note: All online advertising on MTVindia.com is served through DoubleClick's DART software. For more information about DoubleClick's privacy practice, please visit www.doubleclick.net/privacy_policy.) If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use MTVindia.com. However, you do need cookies to participate actively in the MTVindia.com online message board.

  
**2\. Use of the information  
**MTVindia.com uses any information voluntarily given by our users to enhance their experience in our site, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the sites or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users. As stated above, MTVindia.com uses information that users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters and to enable users to participate in services like polls, contests, and message boards. We send out newsletters to subscribers on a regular schedule and occasionally send out special editions when we think subscribers might be particularly interested in something we are doing. MTVindia.com never shares newsletter mailing lists with any third parties, including advertisers or partners. We use tracking information to determine which areas of MTVindia.com users like and don't like, based on traffic to those areas. MTVindia.com does not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue to build a better service for you. MTVindia.com creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers and partners. This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively, and allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to their needs. Data may be transferred from Singapore to other jurisdictions, but at all times is kept within Asiacontent.com and its family of sites.

**3\. Sharing of the information**  
MTVindia.com uses the above-described information to tailor our content to suit your needs and help our advertisers better understand our audience's demographics. This is essential to keeping our service free. We do not share information about individual users with any third party, except in the case of some contests and sweepstakes -- and then, only with a user's express consent. MTVindia.com does not control the practices of our advertisers. If you have questions about how one of our advertisers uses information about you when you click their ad and go to their content, please contact them directly. (MTVindia.com will divulge information only as necessary to comply with various laws.) 

**4\. Opt-out policy**  
MTVindia.com gives users options wherever necessary and practical. Such choices include: Opting not to receive our electronic newsletters when participating in a contest Opting not to provide certain personal information when registering for a service or when participating in some contests (see above) Opting not to participate in certain interactive areas, which completely alleviates the need to gather any personally identifiable information from our users. 

**5\. Delete/deactivate policy**  
Users may unsubscribe to any of our electronic newsletters at any time by following the instructions contained at the end of every newsletter.

MTVindia.com  
MTV INDIA Pvt Ltd   
11 A, Filmcenter Bldg   
68, Tardeo Road Mumbai - 400034
