> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the incorporate.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030622034436id_/http%3A//incorporate.com/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# www.corporate.com: Incorporate Now!

By accessing or using The Company Corporation® website, you agree to The Company Corporation's Privacy Policy, as outlined below. The Company Corporation reserves the right to change the Privacy Policy from time to time at its sole discretion. Your use of this site will be subject to the most current version of the Privacy Policy at the time of such use.

You may browse our site without submitting any personally identifiable information ("personal information") at all. The kinds of information we collect from you will vary, depending on how you use The Company Corporation website. In order to process your order, we will collect some standard information such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number and telephone number. For the purpose of forming your corporation or limited liability company (LLC) we need to know the following information: the name you want your business entity to have, a brief description of the purpose of your business, the name and address of the corporation's registered agent, the name and address of the directors and officers of your corporation or members or managers for an LLC and how many shares of stock your corporation will be authorized to issue and the par value of such stock.

To protect your personal and credit card information, all information that you provide on our incorporation or LLC order form is collected and stored on a secure server and is accessible only by designated staff. When you submit an order, your information is encrypted with secure server software to protect the information from unauthorized access. In addition to the information you choose to submit, our systems are set up to gather certain anonymous data to help us better understand how our site is being used and how to improve our site for your convenience. This automatically gathered data includes your computer's IP or "Internet Protocol" address, statistics about how visitors navigate through our site, and information provided through the use of "cookies."

Cookies are small files that we send to and store on your computer so that we may recognize you as a unique visitor the next time you visit our site. Our cookies are used for two reasons: (1) to help you keep track of your information for your own convenience; (2) to help us understand our audience in aggregate and the traffic patterns within our site so that we can continuously improve our products and services. Companies offering products or services through our website may use their own cookies.

All credit card information, personal information and company information is treated as confidential and proprietary and is not shared outside The Company Corporation, with the exception of contact information. From time to time, The Company Corporation may rent or sell contact lists of recently incorporated companies. No personal or company information other than contact information is shared with any outside party.

From time to time, The Company Corporation may wish to send you updates or newsletters with topics of interest to our client base. We may occasionally notify you of new services and special offers via e-mail updates. If you would rather not receive any updates from us, please send a request to be removed from our e-mail update list to [remove@corporate.com](mailto:remove@corporate.com).
