> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the juilliard.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190329052317id_/https%3A//www.juilliard.edu/juilliard-website-privacy-policy-your-privacy-rights) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Juilliard Website Privacy Policy: Your Privacy Rights at The Juilliard School

**Information You Provide to Us**

“Personal Information” is information that can be used to identify you as an individual or allow someone to contact you.  We may collect Personal Information such as your name, date of birth, postal addresses, email addresses, telephone numbers, photograph, gender, donation information, credit card and other payment information, purchase, site browsing and transaction history, social security number, year you plan to begin study, current grade, other demographic information, interests and any other information you provide to us online. For example, we collect Personal Information when you conduct a transaction on this Website, fill out an application via this Website or our partner’s site, register for information about our digital products, create an alumni, student, or other account on this Website, sign up for our newsletters, make a donation, make online purchases of products or tickets to events, complete any quizzes or surveys, or submit a comment or question to us by email or by the “contact admissions” feature, or similar feature on this Website. We may also collect additional Personal Information contributed by you, if we provide you with the capability to upload a photo or contribute to a blog, wiki or other social forum on this Website.

**Information Gathered Automatically  **

When you visit a Website, some information is automatically collected by us. For example, our servers automatically collect your IP address when you visit this Website, and we may associate that with your domain name or that of your Internet access provider. We receive data from or about the computer and/or mobile device that you use to access and/or install the Website, including data about the computer’s or mobile device’s operating system and the browser used to access the Website. We may also capture certain “clickstream data” pertaining to your site usage (such information referred to as “Website Usage Information”).  Clickstream data includes, for example, information about your computer or mobile device, web browser and operating system and their settings, the referring page that linked you to the Website, the pages, content or ads, to the extent ads have been included on the Website, that you see or click on during your visit and when and for how long you do so, items you download, the next website you visit when you leave the Website, and any search terms you have entered on the Website or a referral site. We may record your interactions with the Website, view any information that you may enter into the Website’s fields and create video recordings of your user session. Such video recordings capture your interactions with the Website (such as the movements of your cursor, the pages of the Website you visit and any information you may enter into the Website’s fields). Such video recordings do not capture your interactions with other websites or your interactions with your computer or mobile device that are unrelated to the Website.

In addition, we may deploy various tracking technologies on the Websites to collect additional information about your Website visits.  For example:

  * **Cookies:  **Cookies are small data files stored on your computer or device at the request of a website.  A cookie assigns a unique numerical identifier to your web browser, and may enable us to recognize you as the same user who was at this Website in the past, and relate your use of the Website to other information about you, such as your Website Usage Information and Personal Information.  Cookies may also be used to enhance your experience on a Website (for example, by storing your username so you can log in easily, keeping you logged into the Website after you have provided your password, and storing the contents of your shopping cart as you browse) or to collect general usage and aggregated statistical information and detect and prevent fraud.  Most browsers can be set to detect cookies and give you an opportunity to reject them, but refusing cookies may, in some cases, inhibit or preclude your use of the Website or its features.  To learn more about the use of cookies, including how to manage or delete them,[ click here](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).
  * **Local Shared Object:**  Local shared objects, such as “Flash cookies,” may be stored on your computer or device using a media player or other software installed on your computer or device.  Local shared objects operate like cookies, but cannot be managed in the same way.  Depending on how local shared objects are enabled on your computer or device, you may be able to manage them using software settings.  For example, for information on managing Flash cookies [click here.](https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html)   
  * **HTML5:**  HTML5 (the language some websites are coded in) may be used to store information on your computer or device about your Website usage activities.  This information can be retrieved by us to determine how this Website is being used by our visitors, how it can be improved, and to customize it for our users.
  * **Cache cookies:  **Cache cookies, such as eTags, may be used to identify your computer or device as the same computer or device that visited our Website or another website in the past.
  * **Clear GIFs:  **A pixel tag (also known as a “clear GIF” or “web beacon”) is a tiny image – typically just one-pixel – that can be placed on a web page or in our electronic communications to you in order to help us measure the effectiveness of our content by, for example, counting the number of individuals who visit us online or verifying whether you’ve opened one of our emails or seen one of our web pages.



These tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers on our behalf. These technologies enable us to assign a unique number to you, and relate your Website Usage Information to other information about you, including your Personal Information.

By using this Website, you consent to our use of these tracking technologies as described above.

**Information Obtained from Third Parties**

We may supplement the information obtained from you with information that is obtained from third parties. The type of information that is shared with us could include, for example, contact information (like name and email address) and user demographic information (like zip code, age or income level), as well as other types of Personal Information and non-personally identifiable information. We will use such supplemental information received or obtained from third parties in accordance with this Policy.

**Do Not Track Disclosures**

Some web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” (DNT) signals to the websites with which the user communicates.  Because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them.  Because there currently is no industry standard concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals, we currently do not change our tracking practices (which are explained in more detail directly above) in response to DNT settings in your web browser. We do not require third party service providers to honor DNT settings in any particular way. If and when a final standard is established and accepted, we may reassess how to respond to these signals.
