> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the apmmusic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191205225911id_/https%3A//www.apmmusic.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# APM Music - Privacy Policy

**PRIVACY POLICY**

BY VISITING THIS SITE YOU ARE ACCEPTING AND CONSENTING TO THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY (INCLUDING AS UPDATED OR AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME). IF, FOR ANY REASON, YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS POLICY, PLEASE STOP USING THE SITE IMMEDIATELY. 

**1.     The Information We Collect.** When using the Site or when you contact APM by telephone or e-mail, you may be asked to provide certain, personal or business information about yourself, such as name, address, telephone and e-mail address. The Site server automatically collects data about your home server’s domain and your device’s IP address when you visit the Site. For example, if you visit us from your AOL account, our server will record a visit from [aol.com](http://aol.com/). Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us, e.g., a search engine. We use this information only for internal review and analytics in aggregated and anonymized (not personally identifiable) form. Our server will not automatically record your name or e-mail address. Your e-mail address and other personally identifiable information (“PII”) will not be known to APM unless you voluntarily submit it to us. 

**2.     Cookies Notice. **The Site also uses “cookies,” or small text files sent from our server and saved by your browser to your computer’s hard drive. Our cookies are sent back only to our server and cannot be read by other website servers. We use cookies to help you navigate the Site and to record certain information such as how many times a user has visited the Site and what pages the user has accessed, in order to generate analytics used to optimize the Site and also to facilitate your ease of use. For example, the Site uses cookies to save certain personal data such as your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site. You do not have to accept cookies. In particular, you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, or to refuse to accept cookies. However, if you refuse to accept them, some features of the Site may not function properly, and you will have to keep reentering the same information to navigate the Site. In a change to our privacy practices inspired (and for European residents required) by GDPR, we will give every visitor to the Site the opportunity to give us consent to use cookies. Please see additional cookies language in APM’s Cookies Policy. 

**3.     How We Use the Information We Collect. **We use your PII for various purposes such as to carry out APM’s obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and APM and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from APM, to notify you about changes to the Site, responding to requests for information, to manage your access to the Site and providing customer assistance. Occasionally we may use your contact information to send you special offers from APM. If you prefer, you can choose not to receive such information from APM by indicating your preference in an e-mail message to APM at: or at the time you provide to us requested information. In addition, APM reserves the right to disclose any Content, records, or electronic communication of any kind (including PII or private electronic communication transmitted on the Site): (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate APM and/or the Site; or (iii) to protect the rights, safety or property of APM or its users, sponsors, providers, licensors, or merchants. APM also reserves the right to reject any order or to request additional information from any customer. 

**4.     Access, Corrections. ** If you would like to make sure that the information and PII we have about you is accurate or if you wish to change your information in our database, or have it deleted, just send an e-mail message explaining the, correction or change to: [support@apmmusic.com](mailto:support@apmmusic.com) . 

**5.     Links. **The Site contains links to other websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies.  Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites. We are not responsible for the data/information collection and use practices of those other sites, and hereby expressly disclaim all responsibility and liability which may arise therefrom or in connection therewith. 

**6.     Security. **We use current industry standard technology and security procedures to maintain the confidentiality and accuracy of the information/PII you provide to us and to prevent against its loss or misuse. Although no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and although we exercise care to provide a secure transmission, we cannot guarantee that the PII you submit to us will be free from unauthorized third party intrusion. You therefore understand and agree that all information you submit to APM or post on the Site is done at your own risk. 

**7.     Consent to Processing.** By providing any personal information/PII to the Site, all users, including without limitation users in Canada and the European Union, fully understand and expressly and unambiguously opt-in and consent to the collection, processing and storage of such information in the United States, and to disclosure for the limited purposes set forth  above, in the manner indicated in this Policy. 

**8.     Your Acceptance of this Policy. **By using the Site, you signify your agreement to our Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Policy at any time. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes. 

  
Any inquiries concerning our Privacy Policy should be directed to [support@apmmusic.com](mailto:support@apmmusic.com). 
