> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zainhost.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161103103827id_/http%3A//www.zainhost.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Our policy regarding your privacy

Your privacy is very important to us, below explains the information we collect from you, what we do with that information and our information security policy.

When you sign up for any of our services we will ask you to provide contact information for your convenience as well as legal reasons. This will include name, home address, e-mail addresses and payment details (credit or debit card and PayPal). If you need support our staff may need to know information to solve the problem such as operating system, browser software and editing software. When you visit this website we do record certain information using Google Analytics such as your location, browser version, ip address, screen resolution, operating system and flash support. This is so we can continue to provide the most convenient web site for all our visitors. Our website is protected by a Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) and verified by Equifax. This helps prevent eavesdropping on our website, just look for the padlock.

We will use your personal identifiable information in the following ways.

\- For payment purposes and to provide convenient and targeted support.  
\- To contact you and announce special offers, general announcements and news. Please note you can opt out of receiving these emails at anytime by following the instructions at the bottom of the e-mail.  
\- To improve our service and the marketing of our service. This could include using your demographic location to improve targeting of our website and customise your visit.

We will **NEVER** provide your personally identifiable information to any persons other than A law enforcement or regulatory agency at their request, third parties who provide services on our behalf such as payment processing, only if they agree not to miss use this information.

**We do not under any circumstances apart from the above give away or sell your information to any third parties.**

Your personal information is **safe with us** , your information is safely encrypted using SSI. Our service is not available to anyone under the age of 13, never will we intentionally maintain information about anyone under the age of 13.

A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a users computer for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our site. A session ID cookie expires when you close you browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time much like the cookie used for our affiliate program. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browsers 'help' file. We set a persistent cookie to store your passwords, so you do not have to enter it more than once. Persistent cookies also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but you will be asked to enter your username and password again every time you closed your browser or your session has timed out.

As is true of most Web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. IP addresses are tied to personally identifiable information to prevent and block abusers to keep using our services such as members who violates our terms of service. We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies and log files to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate of usage and volume statistics to determine how our users navigate through our website and to know how many users are using our services demographically. We use the information you provide about yourself or others to complete the transaction for which it is intended. This may include administering a service such as registration, email, forum, etc., or contacting you if you have indicated your permission to do so by agreeing to accept further notification and service announcement from us on your member profile page. You can choose to opt-out from receiving any further notification from your member profile page. We do not share this information with outside parties.

Upon using our free services, you may be requested to participate in our periodic internal surveys that are conducted by My Company to determine your personal interests. These surveys are strictly voluntary. The data collected through these surveys will only be used to improve our products and services and will never be sold to any third parties.

When we receive email, we use return email addresses to reply with the information requested. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. When supplying contact information to My Company you can indicate your preference if you would like to be contacted to receive information and updates about our services by logging in to your My Company account, going to your member profile page and choose not to receive any further notification emails from us or other information pertaining to My Company. Information you submit to us will not be used for this purpose unless you indicate this as your preference. When supplying contact information to My Company you can indicate your preference on your members profile page to participate in the My Company newsletter. You will receive a confirmation email from us when placing an order on our site and paying through PayPal.

We provide you the opportunity to 'opt-in' and 'opt-out' of our newsletter at any time. Our newsletter is sent every month so it will certainly contain allot of useful information and any offers we may have. If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them at any time.

We collect information from our website visitors using [Google Analytics](http://www.google.com/analytics/). We use this information to better design our Web site and services. This information is never shared with any third party. We do not link aggregate user data with personally identifiable information.

My Company does not share, sell, rent, or trade personally identifiable information with third parties. We never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described within this privacy policy without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.

You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect by logging into your password-protected My Company account and selecting to update your 'My Details' We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can also correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.

My Company considers email transmitted via our service to be the private correspondence between the sender and recipient. We will not monitor, edit or disclose the contents of a user`s private communications, except as required by law, to comply with legal process, if necessary to enforce the Service Agreement, to respond to claims that such contents violate the rights of third-parties, or to protect the rights or property of My Company. By using the service you agree that technical processing of email communications is and may be required to send and receive messages, to conform to the technical requirements of connecting networks, to conform to the limitations of the Service, or to conform to other, similar technical requirements. By using the service you acknowledge and agree that My Company do not endorse the content of any user communications and are not responsible or liable for any unlawful, harassing, libelous, privacy invading, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, tortuous, or otherwise objectionable content, or content that infringes or may infringe the intellectual property or other rights of another.

We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site.

The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however we have taken every step possible to make your information safe. This website is protected by Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to protect your information. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by My Company. Please be aware that we, My Company are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by this Web site.

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the home page, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. For more information please do not hesitate to send your questions via our [contact form](https://web.archive.org/web/20161103103827id_/http%3A//www.zainhost.com/contact.php).
