> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zerply.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101220054819id_/http%3A//www.zerply.com/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Zerply - Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy**  
 _Effective March 17, 2010._

At Zerply we have a few fundamental principles: 

  * We don't ask you for personal information unless we truly need it.
  * We don't share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
  * We don't store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.



Zerply currently operates two websites; zerply.com and zerp.me. It is Zerply's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.

**Website Visitors** Like most website operators, Zerply collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Zerply's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Zerply's visitors use its website. From time to time, Zerply may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.  
Zerply also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Zerply does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.

**Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information** Certain visitors to Zerply's websites choose to interact with Zerply in ways that require Zerply to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Zerply gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a private beta invite to provide their name and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Zerply - by purchasing access to the premium account service, for example - are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Zerply collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Zerply.  
Zerply does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

**Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information** Zerply discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Zerply's behalf or to provide services available at Zerply's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Zerply's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Zerply will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone.  
Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Zerply discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Zerply believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Zerply, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Zerply website and have supplied your email address, Zerply may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Zerply and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Zerply takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

**Cookies** A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Zerply uses cookies to help Zerply identify and track visitors, their usage of Zerply's website, and their website access preferences. Zerply visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Zerply's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Zerply's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

**Privacy Policy Changes** Although most changes are likely to be minor, Zerply may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Zerply's sole discretion. Zerply encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
