> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zerys.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140618064359id_/http%3A//www.interactmedia.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Introduction**  
Protecting personal information is very important to us at Interact Media. This privacy statement describes how Interact Media collects and uses the personal information you provide on our Web site: [www.interactmedia.com](https://web.archive.org/). It also describes the choices available to you regarding Interact Media's use of your personal information and the steps you can take to access this information and to request that we correct or delete it.  
Interact Media abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.  
If you have questions about this privacy statement, please send them to us by email to [support@interactmedia.com](mailto:privacy@interactmedia.com) or write to us at the following address:

Interact Media  
9319 Hermitage Rd  
Chardon, OH 44024

If you have technical difficulty using either of our Web sites, please contact our Webmaster at [support@interactmedia.com](mailto:support@interactmedia.com)

**For Consumers:**

Consumer Opinion Surveys  
We occasionally conduct online consumer surveys to learn about your views on important privacy issues. We do not collect personally identifying information in these surveys. We use the survey data to improve our programs and services, and may publicize the results as a public service.

**For All Visitors to Our Sites**

Interact Media Newsletter  
If you sign up for the Interact Media Newsletter, we will collect your email address to fulfill your request. We will not share your email address with third parties other than a service provider that mails the Interact Media Newsletter for us. To unsubscribe, follow the unsubscribe link that appears at the end of each newsletter.  
If you wish to change your email address for purposes of receiving the Interact Media Newsletter, you may unsubscribe and then re-subscribe with a new email address.

Contact Us  
If you submit personal information, such as your email address, to us by following the "Contact Us" link located throughout our Sites, we will use that information to respond to your question or request for information. We will not share your information with third parties without your explicit permission.  
You can also contact us by email at [support@interactmedia.com](mailto:support@interactmedia.com) or by writing us at the following address:

Interact Media  
9319 Hermitage Rd  
Chardon, OH 44024

Cookies  
A "cookie" is a small text file that a Web site can place on your computer's hard drive in order, for example, to collect information about your activities on the site or to make it easier to use certain site functions. The cookie transmits this information back to the Web site's computer. Many users do not know that "cookies" are being placed on their computers when they visit Web sites. If you want to know when this happens, or prevent it from happening, you can set your browser to warn you when a Web site attempts to place a "cookie" on your computer. We use cookies to analyze how visitors, in the aggregate, use our Sites, in order to make our Sites as useful as possible for them. We do not use cookies to collect or store personally identifiable information.

Web Site Analytics  
We use a third party Web analytics service provider that uses cookies and Web beacons to help us analyze how users use this Web site and the effectiveness of our marketing search terms. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this Web site (including, without limitation, your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by this service provider. They will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our Web site and compiling aggregated reports for us. The information collected by our service provider and provided to us is not personally identifiable.

Information automatically collected by our Sites  
Our servers automatically collect certain non-personally identifying information, such as your computer's IP address, the type of browser in use, and pages viewed, when you visit our Sites. We use this information to understand how visitors navigate through our Sites, to enhance your experience while using our Sites, and to make the materials we post as valuable to visitors as possible. We do not link this information to personally identifiable information.

Personal Information Sharing  
We will share your personal information with third parties in the ways that are described above in this privacy statement. We will also share your personal information if we are required to do so by law, or if we believe that doing so is necessary in order to conform to the law, cooperate with law enforcement agencies, comply with legal process served on Interact Media, or otherwise protect Interact Media's legal rights. From time to time we employ service providers to perform various functions involving personal information on our behalf. These service providers are prohibited from using this personal information for any other purpose.

Access to your Personal Information  
Interact Media will provide you reasonable access to your personally identifiable information, at no cost to you, within 30 days of your access request. If we cannot provide access within the 30-day period, we will tell you when we will provide access. In the unlikely event that we cannot provide you access to this information, we will explain why we cannot do so. To request access to your personally identifying information, contact us by email at [support@Interactmedia.com](mailto:support@interactmedia.com) or by writing us at the following address:

Interact Media  
9319 Hermitage Rd  
Chardon, OH 44024

Security  
Providing security for the personal information you submit via our Site is a top priority for Interact Media. We use Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption for information you may provide. Please be aware, however, that no transmission of information via the Internet can be entirely secure. You should, therefore, always use caution when submitting personal information online. We take commercially reasonable steps to provide security for your information once we receive it.

Links to Other Web Sites  
Our Sites include links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Interact Media. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is subject to their privacy statements. Interact Media's privacy statement does not apply to information you may submit to those sites. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.

Changes in this Privacy Statement  
If we change this privacy statement in ways that affect the personally identifying information we have collected through our Sites, we will post those changes in this space.
