> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fao.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-05-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060510121804id_/http%3A//www.fao.com/custsvc/custsvc.jsp%3FsectionId%3D118) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FAO Schwarz: Customer Service Page

At FAO Schwarz, your right to privacy is very important to us. That is why, when you visit fao.com, we help you maintain control over your personal data on the Internet. Below are the guidelines we use for protecting the information you provide us during a visit to our Internet site [www.fao.com](https://web.archive.org/). We have posted this information to let you know what kind of information we collect, how that information is used and with whom it may be shared and what choices you have regarding our use of your personal information

The online store at [www.fao.com](https://web.archive.org/) is designed to give you control over the privacy of your credit card information, name, address, e-mail and any other information you provide us. We offer the industry standard security measures available through your browser called SSL (secure socket layer) encryption that ensures safe Internet transmission of your personal information. If at any time you would like to make a purchase but would rather give your credit card information to a representative over the telephone, you may do so by calling 1-800-876-7867. When you place an order for merchandise on the FAO site, you will be asked for certain personal information such as your name, address, email address and your credit card information required to process the order. The secure processing of credit card transactions when shopping at FAO.com is done by a proprietary authentication system. 

To improve our Web site we collect non-personal information about how users navigate through the site.We may share this information with our affiliates or other outside companies.We use the information we collect for various purposes, including: to complete your purchase transactions; to provide the services that you request; to send you our catalogs and other offerings by mail; to keep you informed about the status of your orders; to identify your product and service preferences, so we can notify you of new or additional products, services and promotions that might be of interest to you; to notify you of product recalls or provide other information concerning products you have purchased; and to improve our merchandise selections, customer service and overall shopping experience. 

You will receive promotional emails from us. Each time you receive an email from FAO Schwarz, you will be given the opportunity to “opt out” or stop receiving them. If you do not want to receive such mailings, simply reply "Remove". Please note, however, that some of our promotions are prepared well in advance, so you may continue to receive offers after you have elected to “opt out.” We appreciate your patience in giving us time to carry out your request. 

FAO Schwarz has no desire or intent to invade your privacy while using the fao.com site. We will only share your information with (i) our affiliated entities; (ii) our service providers who help us bring you the products and services that we offer; (iii) or carefully selected outside companies when we believe their products or services might be of interest to you. If you do NOT want us to share information about you with any company or organization other than our affiliated entities, please call 1-800-876-7867. 

New technologies are emerging on the Internet that help us deliver customized visitor experiences. At FAO Schwarz, we primarily use "cookies" to maintain your shopping experience in our online store. A cookie is a small data file that is automatically sent to your web browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. They help you navigate our site more easily. Our use of this technology does not mean that we automatically know any information about you. We might be able to ascertain what type of computer you are using or your Internet service protocol (ISP address, but beyond that, our use of cookies is designed only to provide you with a better experience while using [www.fao.com](https://web.archive.org/) and to help us offer better products and services to meet the needs of our valued customers. 

The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act took effect on April 21, 2000. It imposes certain restrictions on Web sites directed at children under 13 that collect information on those children, and on Web sites that knowingly collect information on children under 13. We do NOT knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 on our Web site. No one under the age of 15 should submit any personal information to this or any other Web site without the consent of a parent or guardian. 

This site contains links to other Web sites as a convenience for informational purposes only and does not mean that we endorse those Web sites. FAO Schwarz is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites and we encourage you to read such sites privacy policy before submitting any personal information.
