> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the current.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120630093534id_/http%3A//current.com/s/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy // Current

Current respects your privacy. We recognise the potential of technology to help you communicate with us via our website, through email and via SMS text message ("Text Message"), and we would like to use this technology over time to develop a relationship with you. The Privacy Policy below sets out the measures taken by CURRENT UK LIMITED ("Current") to protect your privacy in connection with your use of our website at www.uk.current.com and any other websites owned by Current, its parent or any of its affiliates or subsidiaries (collectively, "Site") and any communications you submit to us. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. 

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Current [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/s/terms.htm) or the text2screen [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/s/t2s_terms.htm). If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use, please do not provide Current with any information and do not use the Site or send us an email or text message. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we do so, we will post the changes to this Privacy Policy on this page. You should visit this page periodically to stay aware of any such changes. Your continued use of the Site or if you submit emails or text messages to us after the Privacy Policy has been modified will signify your acceptance of the changes for information gathered after the date of the change.   
Overview 

**This Privacy Policy set out our privacy practices in relation to:**  
· data protection compliance;  
· your private information and personal data collected through our Site or which may be provided by you upon registration, in an email or a Text Message, (together "private information");   
· our intended usage of such private information;   
· choices available regarding opt-in/opt-out, data collection, use and distribution of private information;   
· security measures to protect the loss or misuse of private information under Current's control; and   
· how to maintain the accuracy of your private information. 

**Data protection compliance**  
We will collect, store and use ("process") your personal data in a manner that is compatible with the Data Protection Act 1998 (the "Act"). We will endeavour to keep your personal data accurate and up to date and will not keep it for longer than is necessary. We are the "data controller" for the purposes of the Act.  
If you apply to register with Current, send us an email or a Text Message, you expressly consent by doing so to our processing the personal data that you submit for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. 

Under the Act, you have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes (or in certain circumstances we may tell you specifically that your personal data will not be used for marketing processes at all). We may request from time to time, when collecting your data, your consent to our or third parties’ using your data for such purposes. In such cases, you can inform us of your preferences in relation to such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms that we use to collect your data.  
The Act also gives you the right to access information held about you, which can be exercised in accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information that we hold about you. 

**Collection and use of private information**  
In general, you may visit our Site and access information while not revealing any private information other than Technology-related Information (as defined below). If you register with Current or choose to email us or submit a Text Message through our [text2screen service](http://current.com/text2screen), we may collect private information submitted by you, or otherwise lawfully acquired by us, that identifies you ("personally identifiable information" or "PII"), such as your name, contact information, other PII and other information volunteered by you. If you upload or otherwise submit communications or content to this Site, the content will be governed by the Terms of Use and any other terms or conditions on the relevant submission pages. If you submit a Text Message to us, the content will be governed by the text2screen Terms and Conditions. 

**You agree that we may use your private information for the following purposes:**  
· We may combine information about you that we have with information that we obtain from business associates or otherwise. Without limitation, we may use information collected, including PII, for internal research purposes, marketing, promotions and public relations, subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy.  
· We may use your private information to operate the features of the Site or in the operation of the test2screen service, to allow you to participate in interactive features of the Site if you choose to do so, to track your entries, submissions and status in contests and other promotions that we may run, to carry out our contractual obligations to you and, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes, to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you.  
· We may provide your private information to any third party that administers any competition or other promotion on our behalf to enable it to administer such promotion properly.  
· The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA") for processing by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us, Current TV, LLC or any of our other affiliates or for one of our suppliers. If you submit PII, you expressly consent by doing so to such transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  
· As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets or change our name or form of entity, and, depending upon the transaction, your personal information may be one of the transferred assets, provided, however, that we will not sell or transfer PII except subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy. For instance, in the event that Current is acquired by another company, your PII may be part of the assets transferred to the acquiring party. Current will notify you before PII about you becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.   
· The collected information may be provided in the aggregate to third parties, including potential business partners and advertisers, but this information is not linked to any PII before it is disclosed unless Current has obtained your consent.  
· We may use information other than PII ("anonymous information"), like your IP address, to compile statistics to assess the usage of the Site or the text2screen service and to customise the Site's content, lay-out and services. This will allow us to improve our service to you.  
Apart from the purposes described above or elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, we will only use the private information that you provide to us for the purposes described at the point of collection or for purposes that are legally permitted. 

**Disclosure of private information**  
Current will not disclose, transfer, sell or otherwise communicate your private information to any third party, other than Current's holding company, subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of (a) their employees or (b) vendors and contractors operating under confidentiality agreements and subject to Current's Privacy Policy, unless you give Current permission to do so, except as set out in this Privacy Policy. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary, Current may disclose any information you provide if required to do so by law or pursuant to a request by a law-enforcement agency or if we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary: (i) to comply with the law or with any legal process; (ii) to protect and defend the rights or property of Current or third parties; or (iii) to act in an emergency to protect someone's safety or legal rights ("Mandatory Disclosures"). 

**Technology-related Information**  
To help administer our Site and to provide a positive experience while visiting our Site, Current collects technology-related information. "Technology-related Information" includes, but is not limited to, the following: your source IP (Internet Protocol) address, domain name, date and time visited, visited pages and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. A "cookie" is a small line of text that is stored with your web browser for record-keeping purposes and to help us provide better service to you. Your browser has options to accept, reject or provide you with a notice when a cookie is sent. We use cookies for many purposes, such as to save your password so that you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our site. We also use cookies to deliver content (which may include third-party advertisements) specific to your interests. Current may set and access Current "cookies" on your computer. Current lets other companies that show advertisements on some of our pages set and access their cookies on your computer. Advertisers or other companies do not have access to Current's cookies. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy. Current has no control over the information collected from or about you by any third party after you have left the Site. By clicking on links to other websites, advertisers and other third parties, you are leaving the Site. Once you have left the Site, Current does not control the data collection and privacy practices, or other activities, of any third party linked to this Site and Current assumes no liability and is not responsible for any practices of such third-party websites. 

**Consent/opt-out**  
Current may consider requests from unrelated third parties to contact you, but we will not give that third party any PII unless Current has obtained your consent. You may give this consent by "opting-in" to having your information shared with third parties when you register. Additionally, Current provides you with the opportunity to be sent newsletters and information about programming, promotional events, marketing events and opportunities to participate in research studies. If you would like not to receive future email correspondence from us, except with respect to your prior financial transactions or communications, regarding Mandatory Disclosures or as otherwise required by law, you may do so by using a link provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy. You can also send us an email at [yourfriends@uk.current.com](mailto:%20yourfriends@uk.current.com) for any opt-out or opt-in purpose. You may review, change or delete any information you submitted to Current by going to the registration page at any time. You must include your name and password, and a description of the information you would like to change. Alternatively, you can send a letter to the following postal address: Current UK Limited, First Floor, 1 Stephen Street, London W1T 1AL (attention: Privacy). 

**Data security**  
Current endeavours to ensure the commercially reasonable protection of each user's PII. We have implemented security measures to protect private information collected on our Site against loss, misuse or alteration. The Internet is, however, an open system, and technology and human operators are not infallible. Accordingly, we cannot and do not guarantee that the individual user information you have transmitted, including PII, will not be intercepted by others and/or decrypted or accidentally disclosed. Any such transmission is at your own risk. We cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us over the internet, and we accept no liability for any unintentional disclosure. 

**Changes to the Privacy Policy**  
By using the Site, sending us an email or a text message, you acknowledge that our Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If we decide to make any material changes, we will post these changes on the Site. If, at any point, we decide to use PII in a manner different to that stated at the time when it was collected, we will notify users of this change by email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. Current will use information in accordance with the version of the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected unless you agree otherwise. 

**Children and children's privacy**  
Current is concerned about the safety and privacy of all its users, particularly children. We target an audience that is 18 years of age or older, and some of our content may not be appropriate for all ages. For this reason, parents who wish to allow their children access to the Site or to send us an email or text message should assist them in setting up any relevant accounts and supervise them doing so. Where a child is providing us with PII, it is the responsibility of the parent or guardian to supervise them. If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child and believe that he or she has disclosed PII to us, please contact us at [yourfriends@uk.current.com](mailto:%20yourfriends@uk.current.com). Upon request, the parent or legal guardian of a child may review and request the deletion of such child's PII, as well as refuse to permit the further collection or use of such PII. 

**Still have questions?**  
If you have any questions, or believe that Current is not abiding by our posted Privacy Policy, you should contact Current's privacy manager by email at [yourfriends@uk.current.com](mailto:%20yourfriends@uk.current.com). Alternatively, you can send mail to the following postal address: Current UK Limited, First Floor, 1 Stephen Street, London W1T 1AL (attention: Privacy). 

Effective date  
Last revised: 23 July 2009 
