> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the currentaffairs4examz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150417235117id_/http%3A//www.currentaffairs4examz.com/2011/12/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Current Affairs for all competitive Exams

Thank you for visiting the Current Affairs for all competitive Exams blog and reviewing our Privacy Policies. As a general rule, this blog does not collect any Personal Information about you when you visit this blog. You can generally visit the blog without revealing Personal Information, unless you choose to provide such information. But standard Privacy policy of Google is applicable because this blog is created in Google’s domain, blogspot.in through Blogger.com. So Google may collect some Device information, log information and location information and they may use some cookies for providing better service to Google account holders. Please read the privacy policy of Google for more information. 

Following are the policy set purely as Publisher of Current Affairs for all competitive Exams blog.

**What do we use your information for?**

Any of the information we collect from you may be used to improve our blog (we continually strive to improve our blog based on the information and feedback we receive from you)

**Do we use cookies?**

We do not use cookies.

**Uses of Google Analytics**

This blog uses Google Analytics to help analyse how readers use this blog. The tool uses "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors' use of the blog and to compile statistical reports on website activity for publisher

We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

**DoubleClick DART Cookie**

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on currentaffairs4examz.blogspot.in.

Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to currentaffairs4examz.blogspot.in and other sites on the Internet.  Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL <http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/>

Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include .... Google Adsense

These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on currentaffairs4examz.blogspot.in send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. 

currentaffairs4examz.blogspot.in has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. 

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. currentaffairs4examz.blogspot.in's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.

If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective websites. 

**Do we disclose any information to outside parties?**

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our blog, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety

**Hyperlinking Policy**

We do not object to you linking directly to the information that is hosted on this Web Site and no prior written permission is required for the same. However, we would like you to inform us about any links provided to this Web Site so that you can be informed of any changes or updates therein. Also, we do not permit pages of this Web Site to be loaded into frames on your site. The pages of this Web Site must load into a newly opened browser window of the user.

**Third party links**

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include third party links or Google Adsense or offer third party products or services on our blog. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about this blog.

**Online Privacy Policy Only**

This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our blog and not to information collected offline.

**Your Consent**

By using our blog, you consent to our blog privacy policy.

**Changes to our Privacy Policy**

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. This policy was last modified on 24/01/2015
