> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the curvesinformation.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081218120854id_/http%3A//www.curvesinformation.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Curves Information - Privacy Policy

[](https://web.archive.org/ "Home")

The privacy policies described below are part of this Agreement. We respect the privacy of our online visitors. We collect information on or through this site that can personally identify you only when it is voluntarily offered by you. For example, we collect personally identifiable information to respond to visitor questions and comments about us and our products and services, and to mail e-newsletters. In addition, we may also collect demographic and other data for market research, advertising and promotional purposes.

We do not share any of the personal information you provide to us with any third party other than service providers of ours who assist us in providing the information and/or services we are providing to you. To the extent that we do share your personal information with a service provider, we would only do so if that party has agreed to comply with our privacy standards as described in this privacy policy.

Any non-personal information, communications and material you send to this site or to us by E-mail are on a non-confidential basis. We are free to use and reproduce any such information freely, and for any purpose whatsoever. Specifically, we will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose, including developing, manufacturing or marketing products. Any information you send to this site must be truthful, not violate the rights of others and be legal.

Like many other companies, we use "cookie" technology, where our servers deposit special codes on a visitor's computer. This information helps us determine in the aggregate the total number of visitors to the site on an ongoing basis and the types of Internet browsers (e.g., Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) and operating systems (e.g., Windows or MacIntosh) used by our visitors. This information is used to enhance your on-line visits. Under no circumstances do we use this information to personally identify visitors or cross-reference the information with any type of personal information that is voluntarily offered on or through the site.

We use a third-party service provider to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on this site. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Web site, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other Web sites to target advertisements for goods and services. This anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. If you would like [more information](http://www.networkadvertising.org/index.asp) about this practice and to know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third party service provider, please [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

We may modify this policy at any time, in our sole discretion and all modifications will be effective immediately upon our posting of the modifications on this site. Unless we specifically provide otherwise, this policy only applies to this site and our online activities, and does not apply to any of our offline activities.
