> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the arcadesdir.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121209055249id_/http%3A//www.arcadesdir.com/privacy_policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy policy

### Privacy Policy

**Guests** We do not collect any personal information on this website. However, our web server logs all visitor information and we use this for statistical purposes. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers information including your IP address, your ISP, the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. \--- **Access To This Site (TOS)** YOU MUST BE THIRTEEN (13) YEARS OR OLDER TO ACCESS THIS WEB SITE. IF YOU ARE UNDER THIRTEEN YEARS OF AGE, YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO ACCESS THIS WEB SITE FOR ANY REASON. DUE TO THE AGE RESTRICTIONS FOR USE OF THIS WEB SITE, NO INFORMATION OBTAINED BY THIS WEB SITE FALLS WITHIN THE CHILDREN'S ONLINE PRIVACY PROTECTION ACT (COPPA) AND IS NOT MONITORED AS DOING SO. **Content** Arcades Listings are unrated and the possibility exists some may contain violence, suggestive themes, crude humor, blood, gore, simulated gambling, and/or use of strong language. Privacy Policy may be modified at any time without notice. It is your responsibility to check this page for updates or changes. If you have any questions regarding your privacy, terms of service, or site content, then contact us. Effective October 3rd, 2012 
