> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the arcb.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181007182505id_/http%3A//arcb.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | ArcBest

Effective January 9, 2017

ArcBest Corporation and its subsidiaries, (collectively “ArcBest,” “our,” “we,” or “us”) are committed to respecting your privacy. We use the information we collect via ARCB.com and our other web properties, domains, and websites to provide you a positive customer experience, inform you of relevant logistics solutions and provide the most robust online tools and applications in the transportation industry.  This Privacy Policy applies to ArcBest websites that link to or reference this Policy and describes how we handle your information collected through such sites. By visiting our website or using any of our services, you consent to ArcBest’s collection, use, disclosure, transfer and storage of information relating to you as set forth in this Privacy Policy. ArcBest may review and update this Privacy Policy without prior notice. If we change this Privacy Policy, the updated policy will be posted to this page and the date first written above shall indicate its effective date.

**What information does ArcBest collect?**

We may collect data, including personal information, about you as you use our websites, services, and interact with us. Examples of personal information we may collect includes names, business title, addresses, e-mail addresses, preferences, information necessary to fulfill requests, and telephone numbers. We may also collect information that is related to you but that does not personally identify you. 

We collect such data for many reasons, including but not limited to: processing a transaction, providing you with information about your transaction, enabling the use of certain web tools, providing you information about other services available, providing customer service, or responding to your inquiries. We may also collect and use such data in order to comply with legal and regulatory requirements and for benchmarking and analysis.

We may also collect IP addresses, usage statistics, browser information and other information generated by your use of our websites through the use of cookies, web logs, beacons, and other similar tools. This information allows us to understand and improve the customer experience on our websites and for administration, personalization, security, and analysis purposes.

In order to provide services to you and improve ArcBest’s websites, we may engage the services of third-party vendors. In the process of supplying services to ArcBest, these third-party vendors may need to collect information about you or we may need to provide Your information to them.

ArcBest may also collect information about you from other sources to help us correct or supplement our records and improve the quality or personalization of our services to you.

While not always collected through our websites we collect and store information about every shipment and transaction handled by us so that we can efficiently provide the services you require. We use information about our customers, their shipments, and their shipping activity to provide or enhance our services, to communicate with our customers about additional services they may find of value, to establish credit, to bill for services, to comply with government regulations, and to build a more complete picture of our customer and our interactions.

**How is my information saved and protected?**

We employ physical, administrative and technical safeguards and security techniques to appropriately protect confidential information from unauthorized access, use, and disclosure.

 Although we work hard to protect personal information that we collect and store, the Internet is not 100% secure and we cannot guarantee or warrant that our safeguards will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use or disclose your information, therefore we are not responsible for any damages or liabilities relating to any such incidents to the fullest extent permitted by law.

Because of the nature of transportation and logistics services and the varied parties involved in providing services to you, we cannot maintain complete confidentiality of information that is printed and placed in plain view on a shipment or package or that is required to be disclosed in order to arrange, perform, or manage services for you.

**How do I change my personal or company information?**

Registered users may contact their ArcBest representative or e-mail passwords@arcb.com to request a change to registration information. You are entirely responsible for any and all activities that occur under your account.

Personal information provided at the time of registration may be deleted if the user does not access the website within 6 months as a logged-on user.

**Will ArcBest disclose the information it collects to third parties?**

ArcBest may disclose information with third-party vendors and service providers that work with ArcBest or to other ArcBest companies. We will only share information to these vendors and service providers to help us provide a product or service to you or that provide products or services which are complementary to our services. Examples of third parties we work with are call center operators, shippers, servicers, transportation service providers, brokers, 3PLs, information processors, or financial institutions. Third parties which help us provide the services to you only have access to the information necessary for them to complete their service.

ArcBest may be required to disclose personal information to the authorities, law enforcement agencies, government agencies, or other legal entities. We may disclose information as required by law, litigation, or as a matter of national security to:

a) comply with valid legal process including subpoenas, court orders or search warrants, and as otherwise authorized by law;

b) in the event of an emergency that threatens an individual's life, health, or security; or

c) to the extent permitted by applicable law in special cases in which we believe it is reasonably necessary to investigate, identify, or take preventive measures or bring legal action against someone who may commit or cause harm, fraud, abuse, or illegal conduct, such as a threat of harm to you or anyone else, interference with our rights or property.

Using our website or services may link to third party web websites, services, and applications. ArcBest is not responsible for any personal information collected through these means. Information collected is governed through the third party's website's Privacy Policy and other policies. Any interactions you have with these web websites, services, or applications are beyond the control of ArcBest. When you post information to or through such services, those websites' privacy policies and cookie usage policies apply directly. We urge you to read the privacy and security policies of any external websites.

**Will ArcBest use this information to send me promotional materials?**

Registered users and existing customers at times will receive newsletters and other promotional materials via e-mail. Clear instructions are always provided to opt-out of future e-mails. Furthermore, print materials are sent to existing customers on a regular basis. You may also opt-out of these print mailings by contacting your ArcBest representative.

**Miscellaneous**

Comments, suggestions, or materials sent or transmitted to us, or uploaded or posted by you to ArcBest websites shall be deemed to be non-confidential. We shall have no obligation of any kind with respect to such comments, suggestions or materials and shall be free to use and distribute them to others without limitation, including, but not limited to developing and marketing products incorporating them. ArcBest websites may feature bulletin boards, blogs or forums. Any information that you choose to submit via such a forum may be read, collected, or used by others who visit these forums.

Our website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use this.

Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to the ARCB.com [Webmaster](mailto:webmaster@arcb.com).
