> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the archetypes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170621073434id_/http%3A//www.archetypes.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Archetypes

### **Effective Date: September 16, 2013**

###  **Archetypes Privacy Policy**

This Privacy Policy describes how Archetypes LLC (“ **Archetypes** “, “ **we** “, or “ **us** “) collects, uses, stores, shares and protects your information in connection with the Archetypes website located at [www.archetypes.com](http://www.archetypes.com/) (the “ **Site** “), and the services and tools (including, but not limited to, mobile and other software applications) related to the Site (collectively, the “ **Service** “). This Privacy Policy applies when you access, visit or use the Service. This Privacy Policy is part of, and is governed by, the terms and conditions set forth in the Archetypes Terms of Service located at www.archetypes/[terms-conditions.](https://web.archive.org/terms-and-conditions/ "Terms and Conditions")

By creating an Archetypes account, or by otherwise accessing, visiting or using the Service, you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure and retention of your information as described in this Privacy Policy and in the Archetypes Terms of Service.

We will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the amended terms on the Site at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes. If you have provided us with your email address we will also notify you of material changes to this Privacy Policy by sending an email at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes to the email address you most recently provided to us. We encourage you to keep the email address you provide to us current, and to promptly notify us of any changes to your email address, so that you may receive any notices we send to you regarding material changes to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the new terms, you may terminate your account within the applicable thirty (30) day period by contacting us using the information in Section 14 below or by deleting your account through the account settings link on your profile page, and you will not be bound by the amended terms. Otherwise, the new terms will take effect after thirty (30) days.

  1.  **Information Collected by Archetypes.**
    1.  **Information You Provide to Us.** We may collect information that you provide to us in connection with your use of the Service when you (i) register as a user of the Service; (ii) make changes to your user profile information; or (iii) send e-mail messages, forms, or other information to us through the Service. If you register for an Archetypes account directly through the Service, you will be required to provide your email address and create a password. You may also choose to provide additional information in connection with your Archetypes account, including your full name, birthday, your city, state and country of residence, your zip code, your gender and a profile picture. If you elect to make a purchase through the Service, you will need to provide payment information, including a payment card number, and related security code, expiration date, and cardholder name and billing and shipping addresses. We may also collect information about your purchases and associate it with your Archetypes account.
    2.  **Information We Collect From Social Media Services.** Users can log on the Service through third-party social media platforms (such as Facebook) (each, a “ **Social Media Service** “). If you log on to the Service through a Social Media Service, you give Archetypes permission to access, store and use any information that you permit the applicable Social Media Service to share with Archetypes in accordance with your privacy settings with the applicable Social Media Service. This information (including without limitation, your name, photographs, geographic location, birthday and any status update or text that you provide) may be displayed on the Service while you are logged on to the Service. If you choose to log on to the Service through a Social Media Service, we are not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content of the applicable Social Media Service. We encourage you to review, and if necessary, adjust, your privacy settings with the applicable Social Media Service before logging in to the Service using the applicable Social Media Service. Information that Archetypes receives from Social Media Services is stored and use by Archetypes in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
  2.  **Information You Share on the Service.** Some portions of the Service allow you to submit comments, reviews, tags, ratings, pictures and other content, including by sharing content using the “Me” or “You” buttons. Depending on the privacy settings that you choose in connection with your Archetypes account, this content may be displayed on the Service and may be viewable by other users of the Service as well as to the public generally through public search engines. In addition, depending on your privacy settings, your birthday, location and Archtypes “friends” may be visible to other users of the Service as well as to the public generally through public search engines. Further, if you are connected with another user of the Service through a Social Media Service (for example, you are “friends” on Facebook), depending on the privacy settings you have selected for the applicable Social Media Service, you and your connections from the applicable Social Media Service will be able to see each other’s public Archetypes profiles, including name, profile picture and “archetype.” However, although you may be connected to someone through a Social Media Service, you will not be “followers” on the Service unless a separate “follow” request is sent through the Service.
  3.  **Information Automatically Collected Through the Service.** Archetypes, along with our third party service partners, vendors and business partners may automatically collect information about you when you use the Service. The information automatically collected about you may include, but is not limited to, device ID, device type, browser type and version, geo-location information, computer and connection information, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the Service, ad data, IP address and standard web log information. Some or our third party service partners, vendors and business partners allow you to opt-out from the automatic collection of your information. **To opt-out from having Google Analytics collect and use your information, please visit  <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>.**
  4.  **Cookies and Web Beacons.** Archetypes, along with our third party service partners, vendors and business partners may use cookies, locally stored objects and web beacons to automatically collect information about your use of the Service. Cookies are small bits of information that are transferred to and stored in separate files within your computer’s browser. The Service uses both “persistent cookies” which remain on your computer after you have closed your browser as well as “session cookies” which exist only during a visitor’s online session and disappear from your computer when you close your browser. Locally stored objects or “flash cookies” are data files that can be created on your computer by the websites you visit and are a way for websites to store information for later use. Locally stored objects are different than cookies because they are stored in different parts of your computer than cookies. Web beacons are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a web page or in an email message for the purpose of transferring data. You can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. You can also disable the storage of flash cookies. For additional information about managing and disabling flash cookies, please visit <http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html>. However, if you reject cookies or disable flash cookies you may not be able to use all portions or all functionality of the Service.
  5.  **Use of Information by Archetypes.** Archetypes may use information that we collect about you through the Service to:
    * provide access to the Service and to provide you with requested services and customer support and to process and respond to your inquiries;
    * personalize, customize, measure, and improve our services, content, and advertising and otherwise to enhance your experience of the Service;
    * prevent, detect, and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, and enforce the Archetypes Terms of Service;
    * analyze the accuracy, effectiveness, usability, or popularity of the Service;
    * generate and review reports and data about our user base and service usage patterns;
    * compile aggregate data for internal and external business purposes;
    * resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems;
    * contact you with information, including promotional, marketing and advertising information and recommendations that we believe may be of interest to you;
    * provide you with other services requested by you as described when we collect the information; and
    * as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy or the Archetypes Terms of Service.
  6.  **Archetypes’ Disclosure of Information to Third Parties.** Archetypes may disclose your information to the following third parties:
    *  **Our Service Providers:** We may share your information with third party contractors or service providers who provide certain services to us or on our behalf, such as operating and supporting the Service, processing payments, fulfilling orders you place through the Service or otherwise responding to your customer service requests. These service providers will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to provide your information with at least the same level of protection and security as we use for the Service.
    *  **Third Party Marketing Partners:** We may, from time to time, share your name and postal mailing address with a few carefully selected third party marketing partners that we believe offer products or services that may be of interest to you. We will not share credit card information which you have given us with any of our third party marketing partner(s). In addition, if would like us to stop providing your information to our third party marketing partners, you may opt-out by emailing us at [ask@archetypes.com](https://mail.google.com/mail/?view=cm&fs=1&tf=1&to=ask@archetypes.com), sending a letter to the attention of Archetypes at 69 Charlton Street New York, NY 10014.
    *  **Companies that Acquire Our Business or Assets.** If Archetypes becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, sale of assets, securities offering, bankruptcy, reorganization, dissolution, or other transaction or if the ownership of all or substantially all of our business otherwise changes, Archetypes may share or transfer your information to a third party or parties in connection with the applicable transaction.
    *  **Our Affiliates:** We may share some or all of your information with our parent company, subsidiaries and corporate affiliates, joint venturers, or other companies under common control with us. We will require these entities to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy with regard to their use of your information.
    *  **Payment Card Companies:** If you place an order through the Service, the information you provide will be transmitted to your credit card company to verify and authorize your purchase.
    *  **Aggregate Information.** Archetypes may share information relating to visitors and users of the Service with affiliated or unaffiliated third parties on an aggregate basis. We note that, while this information will not identify you personally, in some instances these third parties may be able to combine this information with other data they have about you, or that they receive from third parties, in a manner that allows them to identify you personally.
    *  **Law Enforcement Authorities.** To the extent permitted by law, we may share your information with law enforcement, governmental agencies, or authorized third-parties, in response to a verified request relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any other Archetypes user to legal liability, or to protect our rights or property, or during emergencies when safety is at risk.
    *  **DMCA Notices.** We may share your information with third parties when we forward Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“ **DMCA** “) infringement notifications and counter-notifications as described in the Terms of Service. DMCA infringement notifications and counter-notifications (including any personal information included as part of the notifications) will be forwarded as submitted to us without any deletions.
  7.  **No Spam, Spyware or Spoofing.** Archetypes and our users do not tolerate spam. To report Archetypes-related spam or spoof emails to us, please forward the email to [ask@archetypes.com](https://mail.google.com/mail/?view=cm&fs=1&tf=1&to=ask@archetypes.com). You may not use our communication tools to send or post spam or otherwise send or post content that would violate the Archetypes Terms of Service.
  8.  **Security.** Archetypes takes reasonable measures to protect the information you provide to Archetypes or submit through the Service against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. However, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Archetypes or submit through the Service and you do so at your own risk. No internet or email transmission is ever fully secure or error-free. Email sent to or through the Service may not be secure. You should use caution whenever submitting information online and take special care in deciding what information you send to us via email.
  9.  **Accessing, Changing and Managing Your Information.** You may change and update the information you provide through the Service, or change your preferences concerning how we use your information, as follows:
    1.  **Changing or Updating Your Information.** You may make changes to the user information you have provided in connection with your Archetypes account by logging in to your account and changing the applicable information or by contacting us at [ask@archetypes.com](https://mail.google.com/mail/?view=cm&fs=1&tf=1&to=ask@archetypes.com). If you choose to terminate your account, you may also request that we delete your information by contacting us at [ask@archetypes.com](https://mail.google.com/mail/?view=cm&fs=1&tf=1&to=ask@archetypes.com). Following receipt of a request from you, we will take reasonable steps to update, correct or delete your information.
    2.  **Email Communications.** You can make changes regarding receiving email communications from us within your Archetypes account. You can also choose not to receive email communications from us by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in any email communication you receive from us.
    3.  **Social Media Services.** Archetypes does not control the information you provide through Social Media Services. If you want to change your preferences with regard to how an applicable Social Media Service collects or uses your information in connection with the Service, you should review the privacy practices of the applicable Social Media Service and adjust your privacy or other settings directly through the applicable Social Media Service.
  10.  **Third Parties.** The Service may contain links to websites that are not owned or operated by Archetypes. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these websites. If you visit these websites or provide any information directly to parties other than Archetypes (even if those websites display the Archetypes brand), different policies may apply to the collection and use of your information. We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before accessing third party websites or disclosing information to third parties.
  11.  **No Use by Children.** Archetypes is not intended for use by children under the age of thirteen (13). We will never knowingly collect information directly from children under the age of thirteen (13) without verifiable parental consent. If you are under the age of thirteen (13), please do not provide us with information of any kind whatsoever. If we become aware that a user is under the age of thirteen (13) and has submitted information to the Service without verifiable parental consent, we will remove his or her information from our files. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the websites they visit. If you have reason to believe that we may have accidentally received personal information from a child under age 13, please contact us immediately at [ask@Archetypes.com](https://mail.google.com/mail/?view=cm&fs=1&tf=1&to=ask@Archetypes.com).
  12.  **Use of Information Outside of Your Country of Residence.** The Service is intended for users located in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States and choose to use the Service or provide your information to us, your information will be transferred, processed and stored in the United States. By using the Service, you hereby consent to the collection, transfer, storage, processing, and other use of your information in the United States. You acknowledge that your information may be subject to the privacy and data protection laws that may not be the same as such laws and regulations in your country of residence.Archetypes complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. A copy of our Safe Harbor Policy can be found at <http://www.archetypes.com/safe-harbor-policy>.
  13.  **Retention of Your Information.** We retain information for active Archetypes accounts as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations. In addition, we may retain information from closed accounts to comply with the law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce the ArchetpyeMe Terms of Service and take other actions permitted by law. The information we retain about you will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
  14.  **How to Contact Us.** Please also feel free to contact us at [ask@Archetypes.com](https://mail.google.com/mail/?view=cm&fs=1&tf=1&to=ask@Archetypes.com) if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy.
  15.  **Your California Privacy Rights.** Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code permits California residents to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, certain information about the types of personal information the business has shared with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. You may make one request each year by emailing us at [ask@Archetypes.com](https://mail.google.com/mail/?view=cm&fs=1&tf=1&to=ask@Archetypes.com) or sending a letter to Archetypes at 69 Charlton Street New York, NY 10014.


