> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the arcsoft.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060616191639id_/http%3A//arcsoft.com/company/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ArcSoft.com : Company : Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important, so ArcSoft has created the following Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect when you visit our website, why we collect such information and how it is used. This Privacy Policy explains the data collection and use practices of the ArcSoft website at www.arcsoft.com; it does not apply to other online or offline ArcSoft websites, products or services of ArcSoft including, but not limited to, www.photoisland.com, or the Chinese, or Japanese versions of the www.arcsoft.com website. Any software downloaded or purchased from this website is governed by the privacy terms set forth in the license agreement for such product and not this Privacy Policy. The terms "you," "your," "users," and "yours" refer to the customer/purchaser utilizing our website. The terms "ArcSoft," "we," "us," and "our" refer to ArcSoft. By using this website, you consent to the data practices prescribed in this statement. We may periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy that we will include on this page. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes to it, so we encourage you to visit this page often.

**A. INFORMATION COLLECTED**  
ArcSoft collects Personal Information (as defined below) from you and also automatically receives and records information on its server logs from your browser, which may include, but is not limited to, your IP address, cookie information and the page you request. We consider information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, home or other physical address, an email address, phone number or other contact information, whether at work or at home, to be "Personal Information." When a user interacts with ArcSoft's website, ArcSoft's servers keep an activity log unique to that end user that collects the following non-identifiable information: source IP address, time of access, date of access, web page(s) visited, language use, and type of browser used. In general, you can visit this website without telling us who you are and without revealing any Personal Information about yourself. We do not collect Personal Information about you on this website unless you voluntarily provide it to us.

**B. MEANS OF COLLECTION**  
ArcSoft may automatically receive certain aggregate data as discussed above and will receive Personal Information about you where you provide such information through this website or other communications/interactions with ArcSoft. In terms of your online purchases, ArcSoft uses the third-party e-commerce service provider, Element 5, to manage its online store and the transactions related to that service. When you enter the ArcSoft online store, it looks like you are still on the ArcSoft website, but in actuality you are transferred to a secure site operated by Element 5 who processes your order and delivers the product to you on ArcSoft's behalf. In the future, we may engage the services of other third-party e-commerce service providers, in which case we will notify you through this Privacy Policy. ArcSoft will have access to any information you provide to such third-party e-commerce service provider so that it can meet certain business requirements as well as provide you with promotional offers and information regarding ArcSoft and its products. All purchases made through the third party e-commerce service provider are secure and are governed by that provider's own privacy policy and not this Privacy Policy. If you have questions about Element 5's information practices, please read its [privacy policy](http://www.element5.com/privacy.html?sessionid=47152107&random=bf718f11cd5d0) You always have the right to choose whether or not to provide information about yourself to ArcSoft. If you choose not to provide such information, you can still use this website but you may not be able to access certain options, offers or services.

**C. INFORMATION USE**  
ArcSoft uses the Personal Information it collects from you to provide you with information regarding our products and promotions, to support your use of our products and services, and for any other purpose related to the operation of this website and the programs, products and services offered on it. Personal Information disclosed through our product registration process will not only be used as set forth above but also to establish your ownership rights in the software product you purchase so that you can obtain all the advantages related to that license such as technical support from ArcSoft and information regarding upgrades and enhancements to ArcSoft's products. From time-to-time our website will request information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary, and, therefore, the user has the choice of whether or not to disclose such information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level).

Personal Information as well as any other information collected on this website may be disclosed to our staff and/or agents so that they can contact you regarding our products, services, or promotional offers, respond to your requests, provide certain services to you and operate this website and the programs offered on it. Your Personal Information may also be shared with ArcSoft's affiliates for technical support and affiliate based promotions so that you can remain informed of product upgrades, special offers and the products and services of any ArcSoft affiliates that relate to our software products. You may request to not have your information submitted to such affiliates by sending an email to webmaster@arcsoft.com as explained in Section E titled "Access." ArcSoft will not sell, lease, share or otherwise use your Personal Information except as set forth in this Privacy Policy.

**D. CERTAIN EXCEPTIONAL DISCLOSURES**  
ArcSoft may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to the edicts of the law or to comply with any legal process served on ArcSoft or this website; (2) protect and defend the rights or property of ArcSoft; or (3) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of ArcSoft, its websites or the public. If ArcSoft should ever file for bankruptcy or be acquired by a third party, merge with a third party, sell all or part of the ArcSoft assets, or otherwise transfer substantially all of its relevant assets to a third party, it may sell or share the Personal Information and all other information you have provided through this website to such third party.

**E. ACCESS**  
If you are interested in confirming the accuracy of the Personal Information ArcSoft has collected about you, if you would like to update your Personal Information, delete your Personal Information or if you have any complaint regarding ArcSoft's use of your Personal Information, you may submit such request through ArcSoft's customer service available by email at [webmaster@arcsoft.com](mailto:webmaster@arcsoft.com) or in terms of the technical support page provided via the website, by clicking on "My Information" (<http://www.arcsoft.com/support/>) If requested, ArcSoft will delete or change any information you have provided to us. You may "opt-out" of any ArcSoft marketing relationship we have with you either by choosing to opt-out where such option is available or by sending an email to webmaster@arcsoft.com.

**F. Cookies**  
Cookies are very tiny text files that are stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages that record your preferences. ArcSoft uses cookies through its third-party e-commerce service provider to track the purchase of ArcSoft products through the website. ArcSoft also may use cookies to improve this website and make it easier for you to use. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of this or other websites you visit.

**G. SECURITY**  
Being a software developer, ArcSoft understands the importance of information security and the techniques needed to secure information. ArcSoft stores all of the Personal Information it receives directly from you in a password-protected database residing within our secure network behind active firewall software. Any information collected by its third party e-commerce service provider, Element 5, is retained on secure pages that are encrypted using the SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) protocol. Element 5's servers support SSL Version 3 and 168-bit Triple DES encryption, and the RSA module and SSL sessions feature 1024-bit encryption, For processing your credit card or other payment information, Element 5 uses Verisign's 128 bit certificate with SSL encryption.

**H. PROTECTION OF CHILDREN**  
This website is not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 13. Any person who provides their information to ArcSoft through any part of the ArcSoft website represents to ArcSoft that they are 13 years of age or older. It is our policy to endorse the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and to use our best efforts to comply with that Act.

**I. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS**  
Personal Information collected on this website may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which ArcSoft or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this website, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.

**J. THIRD-PARTY PRACTICES**  
We cannot ensure the protection of any information that you provide to a third-party website that links to or from the ArcSoft website or any information collected by any third party administering our affiliate program or any other program, since these third-party websites are owned and operated independent of ArcSoft. Any information collected by these third parties is not governed by this Privacy Policy but by the privacy policy, if any, of such third party. If you have questions about a third party's information practices, please read its privacy policy. ArcSoft assumes no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the practices, actions or policies of such third parties, and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such websites.

**K. LEGAL DISCLAIMER**  
This website operates "AS-IS" and "AS-AVAILABLE," without liability of any kind. We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control.

**L. CONTACT US**  
ArcSoft wants to make you feel comfortable. If you have any questions, comments or complaints related to ArcSoft's Privacy Policy, please contact our webmaster at [webmaster@arcsoft.com](mailto:webmaster@arcsoft.com).

ArcSoft fully supports the protection of your privacy and works hard to protect your Personal Information. In the unlikely event that your Personal Information is disclosed inadvertently to a third party without your consent, ArcSoft will use its best efforts to stop the disclosure and remedy the situation upon notice. ArcSoft shall not be liable for any unintentional or inadvertent disclosure of any end user information.  

