> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the arcurs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141122152717id_/http%3A//arcurs.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Yuri Arcurs

**1\. DEFINITIONS**  
Unless the context otherwise indicates, please note the following:  
1.1 “Agreement” refers to the Privacy Policy as specified in this document.  
1.2 “Media” refers to all images, illustrations, animations and video including all parts of such.  
1.3 “Us”, “We” and “Our” refer to the company Yuri Arcurs Photography ApS.  
1.4 “You” and “Your” refers to yourself, your employer or any other entity that you have full legal authority to bind and may be accepting this Agreement on behalf of.  
1.5 “Site” refers to the website located at [www.arcurs.com](http://www.arcurs.com/).

**2\. DESCRIPTION**  
2.1 Applicable Law We are committed to protecting Your privacy. We will only use the information that We collect about you Lawfully in accordance with Danish law.  
2.2 Use of Information We respect Your privacy and do not, in any way, disclose or sell any of the personal information provided by You to a third party not affiliated with Us although We may use the information within Our company. When You access the Site, non-personal information such as the the website that referred You to Us, what browser You use and access time are collected automatically so that We are able to continue developing the Site and make Your experience with the Site better. We do not collect any personal information without Your consent.

**3\. COLLECTING OF INFORMATION**  
3.1 Visiting the Site Information gathered when You visit the Site may include Your username, postal address, email address, internet protocol address and phone number.

**4\. ACCESS**  
4.1 Limitations You may choose not to provide Us with personal information, but if You choose so, certain parts of the Site and services that We provide may not be available to You.

**5\. SAFETY**  
5.1 Your Data is Secure To ensure the security and confidentiality of personal data that We collect online We are, among other things, using data networks protected by an industry standard firewall and password protection. Access to personal data is restricted to those employees who have a need to use the data and who have been trained to handle such data properly and observe strict standards of confidentiality. If an employee breaches Our Privacy Policy he/she will be disciplined accordingly. Although we cannot guarantee that any loss, misuse or alteration of data will ever occur, We try to prevent such unfortunate occurrences by all possible means.

**6\. PURPOSE OF COLLECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
6.1 Use of Data We will use Your personal information to provide You with customer service and in order to communicate with You regarding  products or services from Us which might be of interest to You. If You do not wish to receive marketing information, You may at any time let us know.

**7\. DISCLOSING PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
7.1 Exceptions We do not disclose Your personal information to any third parties except in the cases herein specified:

7.1.1 We may disclose Your personal information to third party service providers who perform services on Our behalf.  
7.1.2 We may hire other companies to process payment, store data, host the website, et cetera and these third party service providers shall be permitted to obtain only the personal information they need to provide the service and must protect Your personal information to the same extent as We do.  
7.1.3 We reserve the right to disclose Your personal information if required or permitted to do so by law.

**8\. CONSENT**  
8.1 Acknowledgement By submitting personal information to Us, You acknowledge and agree that You have consented to the practices set out in this Privacy Policy relating to Your personal information.

**9\. MISCELLANEOUS**  
9.1 Cookies The Site and third party service providers affiliated with the Site may use cookies (a small text file placed on Your hard drive) in order to improve Your experience on the Site. You may disable the acceptance of cookies in Your browser. This may, however, affect the way Your experience the Site.  
9.2 Interactive Services We kindly remind you that certain parts of the Site are visible to the public and may contain Content generated by a third party or other users of the Site and that any information posted in these areas of the Site may be visible to the public. If You at any time wish to remove personal information which has been posted in the public domain of the Site, please contact us.  
9.3 Changes We reserve the right to change the terms of this privacy policy at any time. If there  are substantial changes, you will be contacted prior to the changes.

May 01, 2012
