> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the localoxygen.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-09-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130917164857id_/http%3A//localoxygen.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Local Oxygen » Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Local Oxygen collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the [http://localOxygen.com](http://localoxygen.com/) website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Local Oxygen. **Personal identification information** We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities. **Non-personal identification information** We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. **Web browser cookies** Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly. **How we use collected information** Local Oxygen collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes: 

  * _\- To personalize user experience_ We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
  * _\- To improve customer service_ Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
  * _\- To process transactions_ We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
  * _\- To send periodic emails_ The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order.



**How we protect your information** We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site. Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. **Sharing your personal information** We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. **Google Adsense** Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html> **Changes to this privacy policy** Local Oxygen has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications. **Your acceptance of these terms** By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and [terms of service](https://web.archive.org/terms-and-conditions/). If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. **Contacting us** If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: [Local Oxygen](http://localoxygen.com/) [http://localOxygen.com](http://localoxygen.com/) 959 E. Morningstar Ln. Tempe, Az 85283 480-345-1089 admin@localOxygen.com This document was last updated on May 19, 2012 
