> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the locateadegree.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161029014543id_/http%3A//www.locateadegree.com/privacypolicy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome to Learn to Earn

Learn to Earn Privacy Policy

"EFFECTIVE DATE July 11, 2007 

The following sets forth the practices of collection, use and disclosure of information gathered from online visitors www.Learn-to-Earn.info. Learn-to-Earn.info is owned and operated by TeleBorrowers. Questions regarding this policy should be directed via regular mail to: 2530 BERRYESSA RD #917 

SAN JOSE, CA 95132, Att: General Counsel. If you do not agree with the terms of this policy, please do not visit this website in the future.

What information do we collect about you?

We automatically collect the following information from you: the IP address of the computer you are using, your domain name, your browser, your operating system, the navigation path that brought you to our site, aggregate information on what pages you access or visit and user-specific information about the pages you access or visit. In addition, if you volunteer such information, we will also collect visitor survey information, and any site registrations you may complete. Finally, if you volunteer it, we will collect certain personally identifiable information, including, but not limited to, your name, your email address, your telephone number, your mailing address, your gender, your age, your work experience, your educational background, if you are a U.S. citizen, whether you have served in the military and/or your interest in certain educational opportunities and/or educational programs (collectively "Personal Information"). Our pages may use "cookies". Cookies record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, help ensure visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, customize web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends. We use the technology of a third-party advertising company to place our listings on search engines. When you click on one of our search engine listings, a separate cookie is placed or recognized on your computer's Web browser. Web beacons at our Web site are used in conjunction with this cookie to help manage our online advertising and to learn which listings brought visitors to our website. The information collected by the use of this technology is not personally identifiable. If you would like more information about this technology or to learn how to "opt out" of this third-party cookie, please contact the General Counsel as set forth below. 

How do we use that information? 

We use the information we collect for feedback purposes, for a statistical analysis of visitor's behavior, for product development or enhancement, for content improvement, and/or to customize content and layout of our site. If you have opted in to such use, Personal Information may be added to our databases and used for future contact regarding new products and services, upcoming events and/or customer service. If you do not want to receive additional communications from us about our other products and/or services, please let us know by sending an email to abuse@Learn-to-Earn.info. Please be advised that you may not be able to take advantage of all the services our website makes available if you elect to unsubscribe from this usage. 

With whom do we share that information?

We share the information and the Personal Information you provide to us with other domains owned and operated by Lead Relevance, including those owned and operated by Webloyalty.com, with the educational partner(s) from whom you requested additional information and/or with the educational partner(s) whose offerings best match your request for information. Those educational partners may have their own privacy policies, and you should review their policies if you have questions regarding how they use the information and Personal Information they receive from us about you. Such educational partners may contact you via email, telephone and/or regular mail upon receipt of your Personal Information from us. By submitting your Personal Information to us, you agree that such submission of information constitutes a purchase, an inquiry and/or an application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule, 16 C.F.R. 310, et seq. and/or any state law counterparts. Even if your telephone number is listed on the Federal Trade Commission's Do-Not-Call List and/or any state do not call lists, we retain and our education partners retain the right to contact you via telephone. We may also make certain information and/or Personal Information about our visitors available to third parties for the following purposes: we may disclose information and/or Personal Information to vendors who facilitate and/or support our website and/or our email transmissions (including, but not limited to, vendors who assist our suppression to comply with the CAN SPAM Act of 2003), and we may disclose information to entities to whom we are legally required to disclose information and/or to protect our rights or safety or the rights or safety of our visitors or any third party. In addition, if you have opted in to such use, from time to time, we may make the Personal Information you voluntarily submitted available to other organizations whose products or services you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your Personal Information with other companies or organizations, please let us know by sending an email to abuse@Learn-to-Earn.info. Please be advised that you may not be able to take advantage of all the services our website makes available if you elect to unsubscribe from this sharing practice. In the unlikely event, Lead Relevance and/or substantially all of its assets are sold, information, including Personal Information, about visitors to this website may be one of the transferred assets. Such information would remain subject to any pre-existing privacy policy (unless you consent to the use of such information otherwise). This website may contain third party advertising and/or may link to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices, terms of use and/or the content of such other third party websites or advertisements. 

How will you know if we make changes to this policy? 

From time to time, we may use information and/or Personal Information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our collection, use and/or disclosure practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new practices. If you are concerned about how your information and/or Personal Information are used, you should check back at our website periodically. Your continued use of this website following the posting of changes to these terms shall be deemed your consent to any such changes. Such changes will be evidenced by a change in the effective date for this policy set forth above. We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. 

Are Children Permitted to Visit Our Website? 

Our website is not intended for children under thirteen. If you are under thirteen, you may use our website only with the permission of a parent or guardian. 

How is your information secured? 

All information and Personal Information collected is stored in a secured environment which provides for both physical and technical safeguards, including, but not limited to, firewalls, token authentication, application proxies, monitoring technology and adaptive analysis of network traffic to track abuse of our network and its data. Please be advised, however, that no data security methodology is entirely secure. You should take reasonable steps to protect yourself against unauthorized access to your information and Personal Information. 

How can you access the information we have collected about you? 

We provide you with access to the Personal Information we have collected about you. In addition, you may request that your Personal Information be corrected if you believe it is not accurate. If you wish to access your Personal Information you should contact our General Counsel as set forth below. 

What can you do if you have a question or concern about this policy and who within our organization is accountable for compliance? 

If you feel that we are not complying with our stated privacy policy, you may contact us via regular mail at Webloyalty.com, Inc., 101 Merritt 7, 7th Floor, Norwalk, Connecticut 06851, Att: General Counsel. We are responsible for the Personal Information under our control, and we have designated our General Counsel as the responsible party for ensuring our compliance with this policy and with any applicable privacy legislation. 
