> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the localschooldirectory.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140213202350id_/http%3A//www.localschooldirectory.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LocalSchoolDirectory.com Privacy Policy

We can be reached via a contact form by [clicking here](http://www.localschooldirectory.com/contact_us.php).

For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server does not recognize information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, the e-mail addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, and fax number. The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, and used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site.

With respect to cookies: We use cookies when users login or create an account.

If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. From time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.

We use a third party vendor "Google" to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads based on a web user's visits on our site and other sites on the internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

From time to time, we make our customer e-mail list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address. With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. Visitors may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/).

Upon request we provide site visitors with access to communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them, and a description of information that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address.

Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected within the contact information and communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us an e-mail at the above address. With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. 
