> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the local.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130606001922id_/http%3A//www.local.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Local Privacy Policy

Last Updated: January 2013

  


At Local Corporation ("Local," "we," "us" or "our"), we understand the importance of maintaining your privacy, and we therefore strive to provide our services with your protection in mind. This Privacy Policy applies to your use of Local's service whether accessed via computer or mobile device (the "Service") that provides users, who submit search queries in a Local or third-party branded search box on a Web page or Local mobile application (a "Search Page"), with Internet navigation assistance web pages containing relevant local search results and other content ("Results Pages;" and, together with any Search Pages, the "Local Web Pages"). This Privacy Policy describes our practices regarding the collection, maintenance, use, and sharing of information from the Service. 

In accessing the Service and/or the Local Web Pages, you accept all the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and those changes will be available for your review on our Local mobile applications, on most Local Web Pages that you view and on our web page located at <http://www.local.com/privacy.aspx>. Your continued use of our Service after any such changes have been made will signify your assent to the changed Privacy Policy. Accordingly, we ask that you bookmark and periodically review this Privacy Policy to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy we request that you immediately cease using and accessing the Service and the Local Web Pages. 

Please note that we have special concerns about the privacy of users who are minors (users under the age of 18), as further addressed in the REGARDING CHILDREN section below. 

##### 1\. INFORMATION WE GATHER

We do not collect any personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") about you (such as your name, physical address, email address, or telephone number) without your permission when you use the Service. Many features of our Service do not require you to register for an account or provide any Personal Information to us. However, if you wish to submit an online request for information about partnering with Local or any other information about our Service or our company, you will be asked to provide certain Personal Information, including your name, company, e-mail address, and telephone number. 

In order to take advantage of certain features of the Service (including, without limitation, the posting of reviews of businesses and the receipt of newsletters and special offers from Local), you may be required to create an online account with Local (defined in our [Terms of Service](http://www.local.com/terms) as a "Local Account"). During the Local Account creation process, you may be required to provide certain Personal Information, including without limitation, your name and e-mail address. We may also request other information such as your zip code, age range, gender, and whether you want to receive promotional information from Local.com. We will store all of this information. We will always let you know whether such Personal Information is required or optional. In providing our Services to you, it may be necessary to share your Personal Information with our partners or affiliates, including advertising and content partners (collectively, "Partners") or allow such Partners to gather such Personal Information directly. Where our Partners gather Personal Information about you in the course of providing Services to you, we will make you aware of such fact and if you provide such Personal Information, those Partners may continue to use such Personal Information, subject to their respective privacy policies. You represent, warrant and covenant that any Personal Information that you supply to us will be is true, complete and accurate in all respects. 

Local Web Pages will transmit non-personally identifiable information ("Anonymous Information") that your browser makes available whenever you visit a web site or perform a search. Anonymous Information is not associated with or linked to your Personal Information and does not permit identification of you. Anonymous Information may include your Internet Protocol address, geographic location, browser type, browser language, mobile device type, operating system, operating system version, the domain name of the web site from which you linked to our Service, search queries entered by you on our Service, and the date and time of your queries. Anonymous Information does not by itself identify you to us, though such Anonymous Information may be unique or consist of or contain information that you consider personal. Please note that any search query information collected by us is maintained by Local on an aggregated basis (i.e., together with the queries of all of our end-users) for the purposes of generating statistics regarding the use of our Service (such as the number of queries performed by the average end-user per month, a list of the most popular query terms, etc.), and is never used in a manner that matches specific search query information with the identity of any particular end-user. 

If you access our Services from a mobile device or on our mobile application(s), we may collect your device’s unique identifier. We may look at how often you use our mobile application if you access our Services from such application and where you downloaded it. We may combine or associate your unique device identifier with other Personal Information or Anonymous Information that you have provided to us or that we have directly or indirectly collected. 

##### 2\. COOKIES AND WEB BEACONS

When you visit a Local Search Page, a cookie that uniquely identifies your browser may be sent to your computer or mobile device. A "cookie" is a small file containing your preferences that is sent to your browser and sent back by your browser each time your browser accesses our servers. Cookies that we may use may only be read by the server that placed them there. We use cookies to improve the quality of our Service (for example, by fulfilling your language, filtering, and other preferences) and to better understand how people interact with our Service (for example, by tracking user trends and patterns of how people search). Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some aspects of the Service may not function properly without cookies. If you would like more information about cookies and how to control and delete cookies in various browsers, such as Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, Opera and Chrome, please [click here](http://www.aboutads.info/consumers/). 

We currently use the services of a web analytics company to help us measure the effectiveness of our Service, including the advertising on the Service. To do this, we allow the web analytics company to include Web beacons and cookies on the Local Web Pages. The type of information collected via such Web beacons and cookies includes search terms, search parameters, click-throughs by users, and other similar information. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like user preferences, popular search categories, click-through rates, how to improve our Service, and what kinds of offers our users like to see. Although our web analytics company logs this information on our behalf, we control how that data may be used. 

Most, if not all, of the advertisements appearing on the Service are delivered to you by one of our Web advertising partners ("Ad Serving Partners"). In the course of delivering such advertisements, our Ad Serving Partners may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser, or place web beacons, JavaScript or other similar technologies on our Service for the purpose of collecting information. Thereafter, information about your visits to the Service, such as your search terms or phrases or the number of times you have viewed an advertisement (but not your name, address, or other Personal Information), is used to deliver targeted advertisements to you, a practice commonly known as “behavioral advertising.” The information collected by our Ad Serving Partners through cookies, web beacons or other similar technologies is anonymous, and our Ad Serving Partners are not authorized to collect any Personal Information about you. For more information about cookies please [click here](http://www.aboutads.info/consumers/). To "opt-out" of receiving cookies from certain of our Ad Serving Partners, please [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp). 

##### 3\. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE GATHER

Broadly speaking, we use Personal Information and Anonymous Information for purposes of administering our business activities and making available other products and services to our visitors and prospective visitors. Most of the Anonymous Information collected is used to operate, develop, and improve our products and services. For example, Local may use your IP address to determine which language to use to provide you with Internet search results or to advise you how far a particular vendor is from your location. In addition, information collected from end-users may be used in aggregate form to, among other things, determine the total number of end-users who are using our Service, prepare utilization reports for our Partners, diagnose and fix compatibility problems or other problems with our Service, and perform statistical analyses to enable us to build higher quality, more useful online services. We may use Personal Information and Anonymous Information that you provide to us to process account transactions that you request or authorize, to make you aware of new or other services that we offer, or to help conduct surveys to assess and improve our Service. The information collected from end-users also allows us to deliver search results pages that are as responsive as possible to an individual end-user's particular search query of the content of the page such end-user is viewing (for example, serving results in the end-user's native language and tailored to the end-user's country of connectivity). We may use the Anonymous Information collected from you to show advertising and promotions tailored to your interests. If you submit a request for information about Local through our web site, we may use your e-mail address to send you an e-mail that gives you the opportunity to elect to receive periodic e-mail alerts from Local.com regarding developments at the company. In addition, if you elect to receive promotional information from Local.com when you create a Local.com Account, we will use the information you provided to Local.com during the Local.com Account creation process to send you only promotions that will be most relevant to you. We do not collect or provide e-mail alerts, promotions or advertising based on your Personal Information without your permission. 

##### 4\. WHEN WE DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION WE GATHER

As a general rule, we do not share the Personal Information we collect from end-users with third-parties. We may disclose Personal Information if it is required by law, necessary to defend our legal rights or enforce our policies, or if we in good faith believe it is appropriate to cooperate in investigations of fraud or other illegal activity in which you may be involved (or are reasonably suspected to be involved), even without a subpoena, warrant or court order. Such Personal Information will be disclosed in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 

We reserve the right to share Anonymous Information with others. Examples of this include the number of users who searched for "used cars" or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. When users submit a search query on our Service, Anonymous Information, such as IP addresses and search terms or phrases, is transmitted to certain Partners with whom Local has subcontracted so that those Partners can deliver responsive Internet search results, advertising, or other services and, in some cases, for the internal data reporting purposes of those Partners. In addition, some of the Anonymous Information is provided to our Partners for purposes of calculating amounts owed to such Partners or helping such Partners improve their services. Our Partners are obligated by applicable law to protect the privacy of certain types of data; however, we are not responsible for their actions or omissions, including the manner in which they use information that they receive from us. Nevertheless, if you feel that any of our Partners, or any third party who claims association with Local.com, is improperly collecting or using information about you, we urge you to contact them directly and also to inform us by e-mailing us at [privacy@local.com](mailto:privacy@local.com). 

In addition, if in the future we sell or transfer assets or portions of our business, or if we experience a change in control, reorganization or liquidation, we may transfer such information to our successor or buyer, subject to this Privacy Policy. 

Please note that if you access the Service or Local Web Pages from a shared computer or a public computer, such as one in an internet café, certain information about you, such as your Local Account, may be visible to other individuals who use the computer after you. 

##### 5\. ACCESSING, REVIEWING AND CHANGING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

If you have a Local Account with us, you have the ability to review and update your Personal Information online by clicking on a "My Account" link (or similar link) on the Service and logging into your Local Account. You can also review and update your Personal Information by contacting us at [privacy@local.com](mailto:privacy@local.com). Generally, we will not modify your Personal Information because it is very difficult to verify your identity remotely. You must promptly update your Personal Information if it changes or is inaccurate. Once you make a public posting, you may not be able to change or remove it. Upon your request, we will close your Local Account and remove your Personal Information from view as soon as reasonably possible, based on your Local Account activity and in accordance with applicable law. We do retain Personal Information from closed Local Accounts to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our terms and conditions, and take other actions permitted by law. 

##### 6\. PUBLIC FORUMS; USER REVIEWS

We may make chat rooms, message boards, news groups, and other community services available to you through the Service. If you have a Local Account with Local, you can post reviews of businesses to the Service, which we then store, and participate in the community services. Postings and activities in the community services are governed by our [Terms of Service](http://www.local.com/Terms.aspx). Please understand that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and the postings may appear on other third-party websites or when searches are executed on the subject of your posting. Also, whenever you voluntarily disclose Personal Information in a review, that information will be publicly available and can be collected and used by others. For example, if you post your email address in a review, you may receive unsolicited messages. We cannot control who reads your review or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily provide using the community services, so we encourage you to exercise discretion and caution with respect to your Personal Information. We may sell your reviews to third-parties. The information presented in the community service areas reflects the views of the individual users or hosts and does not necessarily reflect our views or the views of any of our affiliates. 

##### 7\. DATA SECURITY

We recognize our responsibility to protect the Personal Information you entrust to us. We restrict access to your Personal Information to authorized employees, and consultants. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your Personal Information. While we take precautions against possible breaches in our Service and customer databases, no website or Internet transmission is completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. Your use of our Service and the Local Web Pages is at your own risk. We urge you to take steps to protect your Personal Information when you are on the Internet by changing your passwords often using a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure you use a secure Internet browser. 

##### 8\. NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIRD-PARTY PRACTICES

Certain of our Partners who provide or enable any functionality on the Service may also require that you download certain software or collect information from you, including Personal Information. We are not responsible for the contents of any software download or the privacy practices of our Partners. In addition, any web sites that you click to from one of our Results Pages may have been developed by third-parties over which we exercise no control. Such web sites may send their own cookies to end-users, collect data, or solicit Personal Information from you. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites, including such web sites' use of any information collected when our end-users click through to such web sites. If you are concerned about the privacy policy of a certain third party, we strongly encourage you to contact them directly or visit their individual web sites to learn more about their individual privacy policies. 

##### 9\. REGARDING CHILDREN

**_COPPA_**

We comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). For more information about COPPA and children's privacy, please [click here](http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/coppafaqs.shtm). When we use the term "parent" below, we mean to include legal guardians. 

**_Children under the age of 13_**

Our service is not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not provide memberships or Local Accounts to persons under age 13. If you are under the age of 13, you may not give us any Personal Information, and you may not create a Local Account, register, sign up for or participate in any of our Services. Except as may be required by law, we will not knowingly collect, maintain, or disclose any Personal Information from children under the age of 13. 

We do not intentionally gather Personal Information about visitors or end-users who are under the age of 13. If you believe that we have collected Personal Information about a visitor or end-user who is under the age of 13, please contact us at [privacy@local.com](mailto:privacy@local.com), and such account and/or Personal Information will be deleted. 

**_Children between the ages of 13 and 18_**

If you are between the ages of 13 and 18, please be sure to read this Privacy Policy with your parent and get his or her permission before you give us any of your Personal Information, before you use any of our community services and before you sign up or participate in our Services. Do not post your real name on a web site or message board or other community service that we may offer, and never tell anyone online anything private about yourself or your family, including your phone number and address. Use screen names at all times. Some areas of our Service may have special rules for children under the age of 18. When you are in those areas, you must follow those rules. 

**_Information for Parents_**

We encourage parents to spend time online with their children to become familiar with the types of content available on the internet, including the Local Web Pages. Parents should regularly oversee their children's use of e-mail and other online communications and transactional features. Control tools are available from online services and software manufacturers that can help provide a safe online environment for kids. 

We do not require a child to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the Service as a condition of participation. Parents may request a review and/or removal of their child's Personal Information at any time by contacting us at [privacy@local.com](mailto:privacy@local.com) and providing us with the same screen name, password, and e-mail address that their child submitted. To protect the child's privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify the parent's identity before granting him or her access to the child's Personal Information. 

##### 10\. PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO ADVERTISERS ONLY

Any advertiser who wishes to place advertising on our Service will be asked to provide certain information such as the advertiser's business name, phone number, physical address, e-mail address, service area, website URL, description of the advertiser's business, a contact name, advertising category and/or keyword, and credit card information (collectively, “Advertiser Information”). Some of this Advertiser Information is personally identifiable. An advertiser may directly provide Advertiser Information to us online or we may collect such Advertiser Information from an advertiser via direct or indirect telesales efforts. You acknowledge that we may be recording your telephone call for our training or quality control purposes during our collection of your Advertiser Information via telephone. 

Advertiser Information will be used by Local to create an account for the advertiser, improve the Service, communicate changes to the Service, conduct research, provide anonymous reporting for internal purposes and for reporting to third-parties, and market Local products and services and those of our Partners to advertisers. Some of your Advertiser Information will be displayed within the advertiser's ad copy on the Service. Advertisers may edit their account information by contacting Local's Client Services Department at [clientservices@local.com](mailto:clientservices@local.com). 

Additionally, we may sell or otherwise distribute to third parties any Advertiser Information that you provide to us in our sole discretion. Such sale or distribution shall be in accordance with applicable law. Upon our sale or distribution of your Advertiser Information, Local expressly disclaims any liability or obligation as a result of any third party actions or omissions concerning your Advertiser Information. We urge you to contact third parties directly with any issues you may have concerning their use of your Advertiser Information. Your termination of advertising services with Local or our Partners will not result in our deletion of your Advertiser Information nor will we necessarily discontinue our use, sale or distribution of your Advertiser Information following your termination, except as required by law. Please contact us at [clientservices@local.com](mailto:clientservices@local.com) to initiate any deletion and prevent any further use or distribution of your Advertiser Information. 

##### 11\. CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS UNDER CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1798.83

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits end users who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send us an e-mail at [clientservices@local.com](mailto:clientservices@local.com) or write us at: Local Corporation, 7555 Irvine Center Drive, Irvine, CA 92618, Attn: Legal Department. 

##### 12\. QUESTIONS

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us by e-mail at [privacy@local.com](mailto:privacy@local.com) or by U.S. mail at: Local Corporation, 7555 Irvine Center Drive, Irvine, CA 92618, Attn: Legal Department. 
