> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the epages.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180903155524id_/https%3A//www.epages.com/data-privacy-protection) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Data Privacy

## Data protection declaration

Handling personal data responsibly and in accordance with the law is an essential criterion for ePages. ePages feels it is particularly responsible for protecting the privacy of its customers and business partners. ePages has taken technical and organisational steps to process personal data, which ensure that the regulations on ePages’ data protection and those of its service providers are followed.

* * *

Party responsible:  
ePages Software Ltd.  
c/o CHD Associates LLP  
The Royals, 2nd Floor - Altrincham Road  
Manchester, M22 4BJ  
United Kingdom

* * *

## Data collection

### Pseudonymised data collection when the ePages website is accessed

ePages’ website can be accessed without any essential personal data (such as name, address, postal address or telephone number) being handed over. ePages does not ask for any personal data when you surf without registering, but only uses cookies for ‘session IDs’. Cookies are tiny text files that are stored locally in the buffer memory of the Internet browser of the visitor to the site. Cookies allow the Internet browser to be recognised again during a session. The cookies used by ePages are deleted when the browser is closed down. Users are able to set their browser so that the storage of cookies is generally suppressed. In individual cases, this may lead to it being impossible to use personal online offers/services or certain of the website’s functions.

ePages does, however, record personal, though pseudomyised information with the IP address as standard. Furthermore, the time and duration of the visit, browser, operating system as well as the URL of a possible forwarding page, the user has used to get to ePage’s website, are requested. This data may allow the user to be identified, although ePages does not carry out any analysis by specific individual. ePages does reserve the right to statistically analyse this information, however.

The ePages website uses Google Analytics and Google Remarketing, web analysis services of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google uses ‘cookies’, text files that are stored on your computer and which allow usage your usage of the website to be analysed. The information generated by the cookie about your usage of the website (including your IP address) is transferred to a server at Google in the US and stored there. The last three digits of the IP address are then truncated by Google, rendering it impossible to clearly assign the IP address. Google follows the data protection regulations of the US Privacy Shield agreement.

Google will use this information to analyse your usage of the website to compile reports about the website’s activities for the website operators and to provide further services associated with the website and Internet usage. Google may also forward this information to third parties, insofar as this is required under the law, or if third parties process this data on Google’s behalf.

Third-party providers, including Google, post advertisements on websites on the Internet. Third-party providers, including Google, use stored cookies to place advertisements based a user’s previous visits to this website.

Google will never combine your IP address with any other data held by Google. It is possible to withdraw consent to the collection and storage of data at any time, with effect for the future. You are able to deactivate the use of cookies by Google by accessing the page to deactivate Google advertising. Alternatively, users can deactivate the use of cookies by third-party providers by accessing the deactivation page of the network advertising initiative.

However, we would point out that, in this case, you may not be able to use all this website’s functions fully. By using this website you declare that you accept that data collected about you by Google in the manner previously described and for the aforesaid purpose.

It is possible to withdraw consent for the collection and storage of data at any time, with effect for the future. [(http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de)](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de).

* * *

### Contract data

We collect, process and store the data that you provide to us when you register and/or order from onlineshop options and associated services.

When customers register on the website, request information to be sent to them, or place orders directly with online shop options and associated services, ePages learns their name, address including email address, together with details about each order including the payment details from the completed registration screens/order forms. The customer is free to choose whether to enter this data and transfer it to ePages. ePages will only collect such personal data that is absolutely necessary in order to fulfil the contract. The data collected will only be stored for as long as necessary and permitted within the scope of the contractual agreement and to comply with applicable legislation.

Personal information shall only be used by ePages and affiliated companies and shall not be forwarded to any third parties without the user’s explicit consent. If data is forwarded to service providers as part of contract data processing and processed further for ePages, then these service providers comply with the statutory requirements, and ePages has concluded comprehensive contract data processing agreements with these service providers pursuant to Article 28 of the GDPR. No data shall be stored or processed outside the European Union.

* * *

### Product data

ePages processes/manages personal data that arises as part of using ePages software solutions. This particularly includes the online shop data of ePages’ online merchants that is produced automatically when the shop is operated. Alongside the dealer’s master data, it also affects the master data of customers/purchasers from ePages online merchants, together with transaction data of the shops, such as orders and sales. This data is required in order to operate the online shops and is therefore absolutely necessary to fulfil the contract.

* * *

### Applicant’s data

We process the data that you provide to us during the application process. This includes your name, address, telephone and mobile phone number, email addresses and the personal data that is given in your application documentation.

* * *

## Legal basis for data processing

Significantly, we only process and use your personal data within the limits of contract fulfilment pursuant to Art. 6 GDPR. In addition, we ensure that we only request the minimum personal data required for the business transaction.

If personal data is processed in preparation for or based on a contractual relationship, ePages must have a justified interest to do this. Such a justified interest can be assumed, if the party concerned is a (possible) customer of the party responsible.

We process applicants’ data pursuant to Art. 88 GDPR.

* * *

## Security

We have devised comprehensive technical and organisational safety measures to ensure the availability and security of your data. These are reviewed on a regular basis and modified to take account of technical progress.

The technical inspection authority TÜV has certified our computer centre service provider in accordance with ISO 27001. This certification includes a systematic IT security concept.

* * *

## Your rights

We are happy to inform you in writing if and what data we have stored about you. If you intend to assert your statutory rights to be informed of, rectify, erase or lock your data, please contact ePages GmbH’s company data protection officer.

Data protection officer  
ePages Software Ltd.  
c/o CHD Associates LLP  
The Royals, 2nd Floor - Altrincham Road  
Manchester, M22 4BJ  
United Kingdom
