> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the epaperlokmat.in privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181231063038id_/http%3A//epaperlokmat.in/%23tab2default) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Lokmat ePaper: Marathi News Paper | Online English, Hindi & Marathi Paper | Daily News ePaper| Today’s News Papers | लोकमत वृत्तपत्रे

Lokmat Media Pvt. Ltd. is a leading multi platform media company with interests in a diversified portfolio of

of publishing, broadcast, digital, entertainment, community and sports verticals. It has an employee strength of more than 3,000 and has a pan-India network of offices. ****  
Lokmat is the second largest read regional language newspaper in India with more than 18 million readers (Total Readership, IRS 2017) and the No. 1 Marathi newspaper in Maharashtra & Goa states with 11 editions and a circulation of over 1.6 million copies (Source: Audit Bureau of Circulation, Jan - Jun '17). Lokmat Samachar, with 3 editions is one of the largest read Hindi daily in the state of Maharashtra. Lokmat Times has 3 editions. ****  
Keeping abreast with the changing digital landscape, Lokmat Group makes its content available for its readers through its multi-lingual news portals and mobile news app. ****  
Lokmat entered the TV space in 2008 and it co-owns a 24-hour news and current affairs channel News18 Lokmat (earlier IBN Lokmat), through a JV with the Network18 Group. ****  
Lokmat's experiential marketing division Taplight organizes various annual properties like Lokmat Maharashtrian of the Year, Lokmat Women Summit etc. which are the benchmark in the their respective categories. It also provides comprehensive 360 degree marketing solutions to clients including Below The Line promotions and client led activations. It is the largest event management company in Maharashtra in terms of number of events held. This division also runs various community forums focussed on Women, Youth and Children. ****  
As a responsible corporate citizen, the Group is engaged in various social initiatives aimed to help the poor and needy. It also is actively involved in helping victims of natural disasters and tragedies. Lokmat also works to highlight problems faced by people in its communities, bring it to the attention of the concerned authorities for necessary action. ****  
In its endeavour to create a culture of environmental responsibility among media houses, the company has set up 10 solar power plants across locations in Maharashtra. Through this initiative, Lokmat became the first and only media house in the country to generate and use green/solar energy for printing newspapers. ****  


Lokmat values the trust its customers place in the company. Accordingly Lokmat adheres to the highest

ethical standards in gathering, using and safeguarding the customer information that is entrusted to the company. This Privacy Policy is intended to explain what Lokmat does with your information and what you can expect from Lokmat. Lokmat reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy.  
**What type of information does Lokmat collect and how is it used?**  
Lokmat gathers only the customer information that we need to administer our business, provide superior service and communicate offers on merchandise and services that we believe will be of interest to you. There are two categories of information we may collect about you when you visit our site and/or register with Lokmat. The first type of information we collect about you is personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card numbers.This type of information may be provided as part of the registration process and allows us to process and fulfill your order, verify your new account, and conduct the billing process. It is not necessary to provide any personally identifiable information when you visit the Lokmat website without registering with Lokmat. The second category is non-personally identifiable information. Data, such as your IP address, browser type, domain name, and the specific Lokmat web pages through which you click, may be gathered in order to gain a better understanding of site development needs. This data may be collected automatically and utilized in the aggregate to help us look for trends so that we can improve our website and your www.lokmat.com experience. Lokmat does not direct any part of its website to children under the age of 13.  
**What does Lokmat do with this information?**  
Lokmat does not rent, sell, or exchange personally identifiable information about its customers. The only parties who have access to such information are those businesses within the Lokmat family of businesses, affiliates or agents. Third parties that need access to your information in order to provide operational or other support services to us must agree to safeguard your information in strict compliance with our policy. Lokmat may provide information to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law. Lokmat may also disclose customer information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. The only Lokmat associates with access to your information are those employees who need it to do their jobs. Our employees are educated about Lokmat's policies and practices in regard to safeguarding customer information; preventing its unauthorized access, use or disclosure; and ensuring its proper handling.  
**Does Lokmat use cookies?**  
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by the browser on your hard drive. Lokmat may store some information on the visitor's computer in the form of a cookie or similar file. The cookies that are configured by us do not contain personally identifying information, such as your name, or sensitive information, such as your credit card number. The cookies allow us to recognize you when you return to our site and to provide you with a customized experience that we feel will be of value to you. For example, these files allow us to tailor your www.lokmat.com experience to reflect your expressed interests and preferences. **Can I disable these cookies?**  
Most web browsers allow you to exercise control over cookie files on your computer by erasing them, blocking them, or notifying you when such a file is stored. Please take a look at your particular browser for instructions on this function. If you do elect to disable the www.lokmat.com cookie, please note that you may not be able to take full advantage of a personalized experience at www.lokmat.com experience.  
**Can I "opt out" of receiving promotional e-mails from Lokmat?**  
Lokmat may send you e-mails with promotional offers. If you would no longer like to receive e-mailed special events information, sales notifications or other promotional messages from Lokmat, please follow the "Unsubscribe" instructions contained in the e-mail and your e-mail address will be removed from our marketing list. Lokmat also uses e-mails to communicate with you about your account, including verification of your new account and billing matters. You cannot opt out of receiving these e-mails unless and until you cancel your service.   
**What about links to other websites and services?**  
Lokmat.com may contain links to other sites that are not under our control. These websites have their own policies regarding privacy, which you should review before visiting them. We have no responsibility for linked websites and provide these links solely for the convenience and information of our visitors. 
