> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the impactguru.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181222043610id_/https%3A//www.impactguru.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy of Impact Guru

[ ](https://www.impactguru.com/ "Impact Guru")

Last updated: June 26, 2018

This Privacy Policy applies to [www.impactguru.com](https://www.impactguru.com/) **(“Website”)** , and all other websites, applications, online services, and other interactive features or downloads that post a link to this Privacy Policy, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or otherwise (collectively, **"Sites,"** and individually, a **“Site”** ). The Sites are owned or controlled by IMPACT GURU TECHNOLOGY VENTURES PRIVATE LIMITED or one of its subsidiary or affiliated companies (collectively, **"Owner"** ). This Privacy Policy only covers information collected at the Sites. This Privacy Policy may apply to the information that Owner collects offline, but only if specifically stated at the time of collection or if the information is combined in our databases. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. In addition, please review our Terms of Use, which governs your use of the Sites. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use. By visiting the Sites you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access the Site and immediately close this page. 

We fully describe our privacy practices below in this Privacy Policy.

#### THIS OVERVIEW HIGHLIGHTS SOME IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS AND ANALYTICS PROVIDERS, AND OUR USE AND SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION, BUT PLEASE REVIEW OUR FULL PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE USING OUR SITE.

We primarily use the information we collect when you interact with the Sites in connection with your relationship with the Owner, your use of the Sites, and for sending you information from us or on behalf of third parties. Please review the **“Information Collection”** and **“How We Use Your Information”** sections for a full description of the information we collect and how we use that information. Note that we do not share your Personal Information (information that identifies you as a specific individual, such as your full name, email address or street address) with third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent; however, we may share your Personal Information under certain limited circumstances. For more information, please review the section below entitled **“How We May Share the Information Collected.”**

The Sites may contain content served by third parties, including videos and advertisements, and we work with third party service providers to serve the Owner advertisements elsewhere online. In connection with serving content and providing analytics and advertising services, third parties may collect certain information about your visits to this or other web sites and we may receive information regarding the use of the Sites and the effectiveness of our advertisements. We do not share Personal Information with these third parties, but the advertising networks, advertisers, ad agencies, analytics service providers and other vendors may set and access their own tracking devices (including cookies and web beacons) and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you (such as your general interest in certain book genres). 

This Privacy Policy is published in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules made thereunder, specifically, The Information Technology (Reasonable Security Practices and Procedures and Sensitive Personal data or information) Rules, 2011 and the Information Technology (Intermediary Guidelines) Rules, 2011. 

Personal Information for the purposes of this Policy shall include, but not limited to, information regarding Your name, photograph, address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, e-mail address, financial information details, Facebook profile, contacts, etc.

#### By visiting this Site you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Site.

  1. **Collection of personal information, other information and its usage:**
    1. This Privacy Policy explains the nature of personal and non-personal information that the Site collects or receives and the manner in which it possesses, stores, deals or handles such personal and non-personal information. 
    2. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature on the Site. We may automatically track certain information about you based upon your behaviour on our Site. 
    3. We use data collection devices such as "Cookies or Web Beacons" on certain pages of the Site to help analyse our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "Cookie". We also use Cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies or Web Beacons can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests, tell us which parts of our website you have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. 
    4. The information as collected will be retained by Impact Guru in compliance of the applicable laws. 
    5. _Information for the purposes of this Policy shall include, but shall not be limited to the following:_
      1. Personal information such as your name, photograph, address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, e-mail address, financial information details, Facebook profile, contacts, etc.; 
      2. Your log-in and password details in connection with the account sign-in process. The Company reserve the right to reject usernames that are offensive or are found to be unsuitable by the Company; 
      3. Limited access to your Facebook/ social media profile if you choose to log in through such login process; 
      4. If you transact with us (through making donations / contributions), we collect some additional information, such as a billing address, a credit / debit card number and a credit / debit card expiration date and/ or other payment instrument details and tracking information from cheques or money orders; 
      5. If you choose to post messages on our message boards, chat rooms or other message areas or leave feedback, we will collect that information you provide to us. We retain this information as necessary to resolve disputes, provide User support and troubleshoot problems as permitted by law; 
      6. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other Users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site, we may collect such information into a file specific to you; 
      7. Details of any requests or transactions made by you through the Site; and 
      8. IP addresses, browser and operating system specifications, location etc. 
    6. _Such personal information may be collected in various ways including during the course of you:_
      1. registering as a campaigner on the Site;
      2. registering as a user/donor on the Site;
      3. When User contacts through email/phone
      4. availing certain services offered on the Site. Such instances include but are not limited to participating in any online survey or contest, communicating with customer service by phone, email or otherwise or posting user reviews on the items available on the Site; or
      5. otherwise doing business on the Site or otherwise dealing with any of our entity. We may receive personal information about you from third parties, such as social media services, commercially available sources and business partners. If you access Site through a social media service or connect a service on Site to a social media service, the information we collect may include your user name associated with that social media service, any information or content which the social media service has the right to share with us, such as your profile picture, email address or friends list, and any information you have made public in connection with that social media service. When you access the Site or otherwise deal with any of our entity through social media services or when you connect any Site to social media services, you are authorizing us to collect, store, and use and retain such information and content in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 
    7. _You hereby represent to us that:_
      1. the information you provide us from time to time is and shall be authentic, correct, current and updated and you have all the rights, permissions and consents as may be required to provide such information to us; 
      2. Your providing the information to us and our consequent storage, collection, usage, transfer, access or processing of the same shall not be in violation of any third party agreement, laws, charter documents, judgments, orders and decrees; 
      3. We and each of our entities officers, directors, contractors or agents shall not be responsible for the authenticity of the information that you or any other user provide to us. You shall indemnify and hold harmless us and each of our entities officers, directors, contractors or agents and any third party relying on the information provided by you in the event you are in breach of this Privacy Policy including this provision and the immediately preceding provision above. 
      4. You are capable (in case of an individual, being above 18 years of age) and duly authorised (in case of a legal entity, by way of appropriate corporate approvals) to enter into the campaigning/ funding arrangement, on behalf of himself, any other person, company, or other entity. 
    8. _The information so collected from you may be used:_
      1. To identify you when you sign-in and administer your account with us;
      2. To enable us to provide you with our services and ensure a better user experience;
      3. To send you information such as receipts, certificates, upcoming events, newsletters, etc. which we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us; 
      4. To present projects to you when you use the Site, which we believe will be of interest;
      5. To respond to your queries and assist you with customer service or technical support issues;
      6. To analyze the use of the Site and the people visiting, to improve our content and services;
      7. For other purposes that we disclose when we request for this information;
      8. To notify you about our updated information, activities, and other related information; and
      9. To provide your contacts (name, email, residential address) to the campaigners you have funded for the purpose of completing transactions, fulfilling commitments, delivery of rewards and any further queries that you may have for your campaigner and vice versa.
    9. _Uses of your social media/ Facebook login details_ The Site or the Company only uses Facebook logins for the purpose of speedy registrations towards creating a User profile on Impact Guru. Facebook logins allows the Site to get access to a User's Facebook profile and import data such as profile picture and email address to generate the account as well as show the User's profile picture in case the User makes a contribution to a campaign. The Site or the Company does not publish anything on a User's Facebook profile without the due permissions granted by the User. The Site also gets access to the User’s friend's list, only after the User gives the permission to get access to this list. Impact Guru takes utmost care in not trespassing the privacy of a User's social profile on Facebook without due permissions. 
  2. **Sharing of personal information**
    1. We may disclose information in the aggregate to third parties relating to user behaviour in connection with actual or prospective business relationship with those third parties, such as advertisers, investors, content distributors. We may also disclose aggregated user information for the purpose of maintaining & understanding user analytics and behaviour on the Site. For example, we may disclose the number of Users on the Site, total and average contribution data, nationality of the contributors etc. 
    2. We may exchange, transfer, share, part with all information (personal information and/or any information provided by you), across borders and from your country and jurisdiction to any other countries and jurisdictions across the world (including India), with affiliates / agent / third party service provider / partners and other agencies for purposes specified under this Privacy Policy or to fulfil our obligations towards you or as may be required by law. 
    3. We may share personal information with our other corporate entities and affiliates to help detect and prevent identity theft, fraud and other potentially illegal acts; correlate related or multiple accounts to prevent abuse of our services; and to facilitate joint or co-branded services that you request where such services are provided by more than one corporate entity. 
    4. We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in good faith if such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process. We may disclose personal information to law enforcement offices, third party rights owners, or others in good faith if such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our Terms or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that an advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a third party; or protect the rights, property or personal safety of our Users or the general public. 
    5. We and our affiliates will share some or all of your personal information with another business entity should we (or our assets) plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity, or in case of re-organization, amalgamation, restructuring of business. 
    6. If ownership of the Company changes, or we undertake a corporate reorganization (including a merger or acquisition) or any such action, you expressly consent to the Company transferring your information to the new owner or successor entity so that the Company can continue providing services. 
  3. **Use of Demographic / Profile Data / Your Information**
    1. We use personal information to provide the services you request. To the extent we use your personal information to market to you, we will provide you the ability to opt-out of such uses. We use your personal information to resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; help promote a safe service; collect money; measure consumer interest in our products and services, inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our terms and conditions; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. In our efforts to continually improve our product and service offerings, we collect and analyse demographic and profile data about our users' activity on our Website. 
    2. We identify and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. We will occasionally ask you to complete optional online surveys. These surveys may ask you for contact information and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level). We use this data to tailor your experience at our Website, providing you with content that we think you might be interested in and to display content according to your preferences. 
  4. **Uses of your credit/debit card details**
    1. The credit and debit card details that you submit while making a contribution on the Site goes through the safe and secure transaction process provided by our payment gateway partners, which only include the most trusted payment gateways in India. Furthermore, you will also be taken through a 3D secure verification such as "Verified by Visa" or “Master Card 3D Secure” password protected process to prevent any misuse of your debit/credit cards. 
    2. Please note the following regarding your debit/credit card details: Your credit/debit card details (card numbers, passwords, CVV numbers, etc.) are not shared with the Company or the Site or the campaigner. They remain safely with the certified payment gateway. 
  5. **Anonymity**
    1. The Site allows a contributor to make an "anonymous" contribution to a campaign, even after registering through email or the Facebook login. By choosing to be anonymous, the Site does not publish the contributor's name or image on a campaign's contributor section and also does not provide the contributor's name to the campaigner, except for the phone number and billing/shipping addresses for the purpose of rewards delivery. Impact Guru knows about your identity when you register, but does not reveal it to anyone. 
  6. **Review of information / Account deactivation / Removal of information**
    1. If at any time a user wishes to review the information provided to us at the time of registering with us or at any time thereafter, you may do so by signing into your account and amending the same. 
    2. We provide all Users with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving non-essential (promotional, marketing-related) communications from us on behalf of our campaigner, and from us in general, after setting up an account. All Users are also given the option of cancelling their user accounts and bringing to our attention their desire to discontinue the use of our services. If you want to remove your contact information from this Site and our newsletters, please send us an email at info@impactguru.com. Even if user opts-out, Impact Guru reserves the right to notify you about your existing account. 
  7. **Consent**
    1. By using the Site and/ or by providing your information, you consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose on the Site in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to your consent for sharing your information as per this Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. 
  8. **Security**
    1. We have adopted reasonable security practices and procedure to ensure that the personal information collected is secure. Your personal information is held on secure servers. You agree that such measures are secured and adequate when you register with us/create an account. 
    2. While we will endeavour to take all reasonable and appropriate steps to keep secure any information which we hold about you and prevent unauthorized access, you acknowledge that the internet is not 100% secure and that we cannot provide any absolute assurance regarding the security of your personal information. We will not be liable in any way in relation to any breach of security or unintended loss or disclosure of information caused by us in relation to your personal information. 
    3. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Privacy Policy or elsewhere, we shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage or misuse of your personal information, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure Event. 

**“Force Majeure Event”** shall mean any event that is beyond the reasonable control of us and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorised access to computer, computer system or computer network, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption (provided beyond reasonable control of us), power or electricity failure or unavailability of adequate power or electricity. 

  9. **Link to Third Party Site**
    1. Links to third-party advertisements, third-party websites or any third party electronic communication service may be provided on the Site which are operated by third parties and are not controlled by, or affiliated to, or associated with, us unless expressly specified on the Site. 
    2. We are not responsible for any form of transmission, whatsoever, received by you from any third party website. Accordingly, we do not make any representations concerning the privacy practices or policies of such third parties or terms of use of such third party websites, nor do we control or guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of the information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, videos, messages or other materials available on such third party websites. The inclusion or exclusion does not imply any endorsement by us of the third party websites, the website's provider, or the information on the website. The information provided by you to such third party websites shall be governed in accordance with the privacy policies of such third party websites and it is recommended that you review the privacy policy of such third party websites prior to using such websites. 
  10. **Grievance Officer**
    1. In accordance with Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules made there under, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer who can be contacted with respect to any complaints, questions, comments or concerns including those pertaining to breach of Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and other policies or questions is provided below:   
Mr. Dheeraj Bansal  
Impact Guru Technology Ventures Private Limited  
B 401, Pramukh Plaza,  
Cardinal Gracias Road,  
Chakala, Andheri (East),  
Mumbai - 400059, India.  
Email: info@impactguru.com 
  11. **Changes to this Policy**
    1. The Owner may update this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will be effective upon posting. In the event that there are material changes to the way we treat your Personal Information, we will provide notice through the Site. We may also notify you by email, in our discretion. We will use your consent in a manner consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time you submitted the information, unless you consent to the new or revised policy. 
  12. **Effective Date:** This policy was updated and became immediately effective on June, 26th 2018 



#### __Information

####  __Alert
