> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the implay.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161031012829id_/http%3A//www.implay.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY | Implay

“If you are visiting Implay.com, please take a moment to read through this privacy policy. Within it, you will find out how we collect and use data that is generated by visitors to this site. You will also learn how your interactions with components of this website and ads that are displayed here are used to provide a more personalized experience. Please note that although this policy applies to Implay.com, other policies and rules may apply depending on which areas and features of the site you use. If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, please visit the Contact Us link to get in touch with us.

How We Gather Information

Much of the information that we collect is provided directly by you via surveys and other online forms and fields. However, a significant amount of information is also gathered from your browsing patterns and transactions. This information may include things like your technical browser settings, the pages that you visit and how long you stay on each page. We use aggregated, or non-identifying, information to continually enhance our services and products and to engage in effective marketing analysis. Please note that we strictly collect information about visitors as permitted by existing laws.

Cookies

Implay.com uses cookies, which are tiny data files that are stored in your browser and, in turn, on your computer’s hard drive. These cookies record information about your visits to this site, and we use them to provide a more personalized and enjoyable experience. Third parties that are affiliated with this site, including advertisers, also use cookies.

If you maintain an account on Implay.com, we will keep track of the information that you provide to us as well as the activities that you engage in while logged into your account. If you don’t want this to happen, please do not open an account. If you don’t have an account and prefer not to have any of the information about your visits to this site used, please delete our cookies. Refer to instructions for the browser that you use to find out how to delete them. Please note that some features of this site and from third parties may not function properly if you do not allow cookies.

IP Addresses

An IP address is a string of numbers that’s used to identify computers, servers and other devices. Implay.com collects and logs visitors’ IP addresses and uses this information for a number of purposes, including auditing of the site and data aggregation. In some places, such as forums, IP addresses may be displayed publicly along with usernames and other information.

Advertising

Ads that we display on this website and on other sites around the Internet may also collect information using cookies and other technologies. The information that is gathered is used to track browsing patterns and to keep track of referrals from search engines, which aids us in our online marketing efforts. We may also track responses to promotions and other offers through these technologies.

Online Surveys

Occasionally, Implay.com may invite you to participate in surveys. While they are completely voluntary, they are very helpful to us as we use the information that is gathered to make improvements to this website.

Online Tools

On Implay.com, you may occasionally find online tools that require you to input information to proceed. In some cases, we may store the information that you provide in order to use these tools. If and when we do, we will let you know beforehand so that you can make an informed decision about whether or not to proceed.

Using and Sharing Information

Implay.com uses the vast majority of the information that we collect internally. However, we also reserve the right to make information that we gather available to certain third parties. These may include credit bureaus, retailers, insurance agencies, investigators, government agencies, courts and others as required and allowed by law. Unless otherwise noted elsewhere in this policy, U.S. account holders’ information will be stored and may also be shared with authorized third parties. This policy serves as a notice of these activities.

Social Media

Like many companies, Implay.com maintains an active presence on various social media platforms. If you elect to visit our social media pages and interact with them, please be aware that this privacy policy does not apply to such platforms or channels. When you are visiting such platforms, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use to ensure that you are aware of your rights at all times.

Information Accuracy

To make the most of this site, please keep your account information updated at all times. If your information is missing, incomplete or inaccurate, please use the Contact Us form on our website to get in touch and let us know. We will then update your account to ensure that it is completely accurate as of the present day.

Links to Other Sites

As you browse this website, you will occasionally come across links that point to third-party sites that aren’t owned by or affiliated with ours. If you choose to follow links to such sites, please remember that the terms of this policy no longer applies. Upon arriving at a third-party site via a link on this site, please check their terms of use and privacy policy to ensure that your rights are protected.

Children’s Privacy

At Implay.com, we take children’s privacy very seriously. This site is intended for use by teens age 13 and older. Kids under this age are generally too young for the content that will be found on this website. We never knowingly collect information about children under the age of 13. Certain elements of this and other sites may be inappropriate for kids. These include bulletin boards and forums, which may not be moderated. Implay.com urged parents to speak with their children about online safety and to monitor their online activities to keep them safe.

Change of Ownership

In the event that Implay.com is acquired by a different company, please note that we reserve the right to not only pass along this website but to pass along any information that we have gathered during the course of running it.

Service Customization

One of the main purposes for collecting information from visitors to this site is to customize features that provide a more personalized experience. This information is also used to stream relevant, targeted ads to visitors, which we believe also enhances their overall enjoyment of the site.

Third Parties

Implay.com relies on a number of third parties for things like credit card processing and marketing. These third parties are provided with the information that they need to deliver such services, which may include information that we have gathered about visitors to this site.

We also work with third-party advertising companies that rely on aggregated data that is collected via cookies and other technologies to deliver relevant ads on this site. These companies may also display targeted ads using this information on other websites through advertising networks. Therefore, even after leaving this website, you may have relevant ads delivered to you based off of information that was originally gathered here. For more information about this, including how to opt out of this type of targeted advertising, please visit [http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp]().”
