> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the usadv.org privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161031151817id_/https%3A//www.usadv.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - USA Diversity Visa Program

**This represents the Privacy Policy and the Statement of the**[ **www.usadv.org**](http://www.usadv.org/) **Site and all related Sites and Services that are operated, owned and controlled by the USADV Organization.**

This is the official web site of USADV Organization, which specializes in the registration to the U.S. Diversity Visa program for clients worldwide. When registering with the USADV Organization, users should ensure that do not register with any site that falsely pretends to be the USADV Organization. In order to verify that a registration is with the USADV Organization, users need to check that ‘USADV’ is written at the top of the Web browser.

The USADV Organization is committed to protecting the information provided by users and the USADV.org website takes every precaution to protect the information of users. When sensitive and/ or personal information is submitted via the USADV Organization website, this information is protected both offline and online.

When the USADV.org registration form requests from users to enter sensitive information,, such as an identification number or a credit card number, this information is encrypted and is protected with SSL technology, the latest encryption software in the industry. While on a secure page on the USADV.org web site, such as the payment reply form, the lock icon on the bottom of the Web browsers, such as Mozilla Firefox or Google Chrome, becomes locked.

### 2\. Information Collection and Use

The USADV Organization is the sole owner of all the information collected on this site. Based on this, the USADV Organization will not share, rent or sell this information to others in ways that differ from what is disclosed in this Privacy Policy. The USADV Organization will collect user information at several different points on the USADV.org web site. In addition, a personal email address is obtained from the user for the purpose of easing points of communication between the USADV Organization and the user.

Information from a user is requested on an order form by the USADV Organization. This order form requires a user to provide personal and contact information, including but not limited to, full name, address, contact number, as well as financial information, such as, but not limited to, bank details, credit card number, expiration date etc. This information is used to fill a customer’s order(s) and also for billing purposes. In the case that the USADV Organization has trouble processing an order, the provided contact information by the user will be used in order to make contact with the user. The USADV Organization may also use the provided user’s information for other purposes as detailed in the terms and conditions.

### 4\. Updating and Correction of Personal Information

If at any time, the personally identifiable information of the user changes, or is no longer valid, or if a user no longer desires or requires the Services of the USADV Organization, the USADV Organization will endeavor to provide a way to update, correct or remove the personal data of the user which was provided to the USADV Organization. Should you wish to update, correct or remove personal information provided to the USADV Organization; this can be done through the Customer Support of the USADV Organization or via the member information page on the USADV.org web site.

The web site of the USADV Organization uses cookies to gather and store information. Cookies are pieces of data that a web site transfers to the hard drive of your computer solely for record-keeping purposes. The use of cookies by a web site is an industry standard and there is nothing unusual about this practice. Cookies identify your computer but they do not personally identify you. Your browser is most likely set up to accept cookies, but you are able to set up your computer so that it refuses cookies. If you do so, you may not be able to take full advantage of the web site of the USADV Organization. Due to the use of cookies, the USADV Organization is not liable for any failure of your computer.

In order to administer the USADV.org site, to analyze trends, to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use or to track a user’s movement on the site, the USADV Organization uses IP addresses. These IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.

Aggregated demographic information is shared by the USADV Organization with its partners. It is important to note that this information is not in any way linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. In addition, the USADV Organization makes use of a third party credit card company in order to bill users for Services and also uses a third party shipping company. These outside companies to not store, share, retain or use any personally identifiable information belonging to users for any secondary purposes. In addition, the USADV Organization may also partner with another party to provide specific Services. Should a user sign up for these Services, the USADV Organization will share the required personal information, or other relevant contact information that is required by the third party in order to provide the relevant Services. These third parties are not allowed in any way to use the provided personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing the relevant Services.

The USADV.org web site contains links to other web sites. Please be aware that the USADV Organization is not responsible in any way for the privacy policies and/ or practices of such other sites. The USADV Organization encourages all users to be aware when they leave this site and enter another site and to read the privacy policies and/ or statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy statement applies solely to information collected by the web site of the USADV Organization.

The USADV Organization may from time-to-time request information from users via contests or surveys. The participation in these contests or surveys is completely voluntary and therefore, the user has a choice whether or not to disclose the requested information. The information that may be requested by the USADV Organization may include demographic information such as age level, or zip code, as well as contact information such as address and full name. The collected contact information will be used to notify the winners and to award prizes if applicable. In addition, information collected via the surveys will be used for purposes of improving or monitoring the use and satisfaction of this site.

Based on the requirements of the CAN-SPAM Act, email addresses which are obtained by the USADV Organization are only collected from a customer freely providing their email address. This usually occurs at the first step of the application process or during the registration process. The USADV Organization considers the registration process as a request for additional information about the Sites and/ or Services provided by the USADV Organization. Once a client has paid for a service, an email is usually sent by the USADV Organization in order to aid in the process of registration, to notify the user that their photos have been uploaded successfully, to verify that information has been correctly entered, as well as to update the client regarding their registration status. In addition, a client may receive offers on different services and products from USADV.org via email. These emails are usually related to the Services of the USADV Organization. Each time an email is sent by the USADV Organization, users have the ability to opt-out of the email subscription. This can be done by either sending an email, telephone request or fax to the USADV Organization requesting to opt out, or a user can click the ‘unsubscribe’ link provided which is located at the bottom of each email.

At the USADV Organization, we take our subscribers privacy very seriously. The users of the USADV.org Sites and Services can opt out of receiving emails from the USADV Organization at any time. If a user would like to opt-out of receiving messages from the USADV Organization, they can send a request by email to support@usadv.org, or call us at 1-347-708-1746 (06:00 am GMT – 08:00 pm GMT), or send a letter to the postal address of the USADV Organization at: USADV Organization, 2 Old Brompton Road, London, SWY3DQ, United Kingdom. The USADV Organization will honor the request within 7 (seven) business days.

A user’s telephone number is only obtained by the USADV Organization from a customer freely providing their telephone number. For the USADV Organization, by a user providing their telephone number, this is understood as a request for additional information about the Services provided by the USADV Organization. After providing one’s telephone details to USADV.org, users have the ability to opt-out of the telephone service. This can be done by either sending an email, telephone request or fax to the USADV Organization requesting to opt out, or a user can click the ‘unsubscribe’ link provided which is located at the bottom of each email. Also, once a client has paid for a Service, the client may receive telephone calls from the USADV Organization in order aid in the process of registration, to notify the user that their photos have been uploaded successfully, to verify that information has been correctly entered, to update the client regarding their registration status and other additional services.

A user has the choice to use the USADV Organization’s referral service in order to inform a friend about the USADV.org Sites and Services. Should a user do so, the USADV Organization will request for the friend’s name and email address. If this information is provided, the USADV Organization will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the USADV.org site. After the first email is sent to the referred friend, additional emails will only be sent to the friend if he/she chooses to register to the USADV.org site of his/her own accord. In addition, the friend may contact the USADV Organization at any time in order to request the removal of their information from the database.

All new members of the USA.org site will receive a welcome email from the USADV Organization. This email is sent in order to verify and confirm the user’s username and password. In addition, established members will occasionally receive information on special deals, announcements, services, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, the USADV Organization provides the option to not receive these types of communications.
