> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the usahockey.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021208172947id_/http%3A//www.usahockey.com/usa_hockey/main/home/usah_privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# USA Hockey

**Welcome** to usahockey.com!  This Web site (this “Site”) is owned and operated by USA Hockey, Inc. (“USAH,” “we” or “us”).  USAH is the national governing body for the sport of amateur hockey in the United States. 

**This Web Site Privacy Statement.**   We are committed to respecting the personal privacy of the individuals who use this Site.  This Web Site Privacy Statement  (this “Privacy Statement”) describes our current policies and practices with regard to the personal information we collect through this Site.  The term “personal information” means individually identifiable information about an individual collected through this Site, such as, the name, age, telephone number, e-mail address or mailing address of that individual. 

**Children Under 13.**   We recognize the need to provide additional privacy protections for children who visit this Site. To read about our privacy statement regarding protections for children who are under 13, [click here](https://web.archive.org/servlets/followLink?asit_id=A6896B5693071DD4E034080020D8D313).

**Terms of Use.**   This Privacy Statement is part of the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/servlets/followLink?asit_id=A688CF495BF81DDEE034080020D8D313) for this Site.  Please be sure to read the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/servlets/followLink?asit_id=A688CF495BF81DDEE034080020D8D313).  By using this Site, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use.  If you do not agree to the Terms of Use, you must not use this Site.

**Your Consent.   By using this Site, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Privacy Statement.   If you do not consent to the terms of this Privacy Statement, you must not use this Site.**

**Changes to this Privacy Statement.**   This Privacy Statement describes our current policies and practices regarding personal information collected through this Site.  We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Statement at any time without prior notice.  We will do so by posting an updated or modified version of this Privacy Statement on this Site.  Your use of this Site following any such change constitutes your agreement that personal information collected from or about you through this Site after the revised Privacy Statement is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised Privacy Statement.  For this reason, we encourage you to review this Privacy Statement regularly.

 You may access the current version of this Privacy Statement by clicking on the button marked “Privacy Statement.”

This Privacy Statement was last revised on July 24, 2002.

**What Personal Information Is Collected Through This Site.**   We collect the personal information you supply when you use this Site, for example, the information you provide when you request an e-mail newsletter, ask a question, enter a contest or sweepstakes or complete a survey.  This information may include your name, your address, your e-mail address and any other personal or preference information you share with us. 

**How We Use Personal Information.**   We use your personal information to provide the information, offerings and services you request.  For example, we use your e-mail address to respond to your comments and questions or to send e-mail newsletters.  We may use your personal information to personalize this Site to meet your specific needs. 

We also use personal information collected through this Site to improve the content and functionality of this Site, to better understand our visitors and members, to improve our offerings and services, and to market our events, offerings and services to our visitors and members.  In addition, we use personal information to contact you with offers and information about events, offerings and services from other organizations that we believe will be of interest to you.  If you would prefer that we not contact you for such purposes, you may indicate this preference by sending an email to [unsubscribe@usahockey.org](mailto:unsubscribe@usahockey.org) or by writing us at  USA Hockey, Inc., 1775 Bob Johnson Drive, Colorado Springs, CO, 80906, Attn.: Online Services Department.  We will use reasonable efforts to honor such requests.  You must understand, however, that even if you “opt-out,” you may still receive communications from us, for example, if we receive your contact information from another source or if we initiated the communication before we received your “opt-out” request. 

**Disclosure of Personal Information.**   We share personal information collected through this Site with our affiliated organizations (such as other hockey associations, leagues or teams) and other organizations that are part of our affiliates, who may use this information in ways similar to how we use this information.  We also share personal information collected through this Site with selected third party business partners, who use the information to provide special opportunities and offers to you. 

If you would prefer that we not share your personal information with our affiliated organizations or business partners, you may indicate this preference by sending an email to [unsubscribe@usahockey.org](mailto:unsubscribe@usahockey.org) or by writing us at  USA Hockey, Inc., 1775 Bob Johnson Drive, Colorado Springs, CO  80906, Attn.: Online Services.  We will use reasonable efforts to honor such requests.  You must understand, however, that even if you “opt-out,” you may still receive communications from our affiliated organizations or business partners, for example, if they received your contact information from another source or if they initiated the communication before we received your “opt-out” request.

 We share personal information collected through this Site with third party vendors who act for us or on our behalf, for example, to help us fill your orders, run promotions or provide other support services.  Our affiliates and our business partners may also share personal information with vendors who provide support services to them.  These vendors need information about you in order to perform their functions.  These vendors are not authorized to use the information we share with them (or that our affiliates and business partners share with them) for any purpose other than to provide services to us, our affiliates or our business partners.   

In addition, there may be some other, limited circumstances in which we may share or transfer personal information in our databases to a third party, for example, to comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, to protect the security of our systems or service, or in the event of a merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event. 

**Other Information Collected Through This Site.**   We use technology that tells us how visitors use this Site, for example, which pages they view, which links they use and which search terms they input.  This information is called “click-stream data.”  Click-stream data helps us determine what is important to you and what is not.  It helps us decide what content and features to add and what to discard.  It also helps us determine whether our Site is easy to use or whether we need to redesign certain pages and links.  Click-stream data does not identify you personally. 

We also use technology to collect the following information and other information of a similar nature:  the name of your Internet service provider; your IP address; your operating system (Windows, Macintosh, Unix, and so on); and your browser type (Netscape, Internet Explorer, and so on).  We use this information to compile statistics about the technology used by our visitors.  These statistics help us improve our Site and make it more compatible with the technology used by our visitors. 

**Cookies.**   This Site uses certain software technology known as “cookies.”  Cookies are small text files that a web site places on a visitor’s computer browser to store certain information about the visitor, such as a visitor’s preferences.  Some web browsers provide you with the ability to turn off or refuse cookies.  However, if you turn off cookies or refuse cookies, some of the features of this Site may not function properly. 

**Links To Local Hockey Organization Web Pages Hosted On This Site.** This Site contains web pages that are controlled (at least in part) by local hockey organizations (e.g., local hockey associations, leagues or teams) that are affiliated with, but not controlled by, USAH.  Although USAH provides the tools and space for these local hockey organizations to post content on their web pages, subject to certain guidelines, these local organizations (and not USAH) control the content they post on or information they collect through their web pages.  USAH expressly disclaims any responsibility for the data practices of these local organizations or their web pages.  You should contact these organizations directly about any content posted on their web pages or to learn how they collect and use information collected through their web pages.

**Links to Other Web Sites.**   This privacy policy applies only to this Site. This Site contains links to other web sites, including those of advertisers and sponsors.  These other web sites have their own policies regarding privacy. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal information about yourself.  In addition, you may have linked to this site through another site. For example, in certain cases you may have linked to this site through banner advertising on another site.  In such cases, the site you linked from may collect information from people who click on the banner or link. You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information.

**Questions About This Privacy Statement.**   If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or concerns about the way we process your personal information, please contact us at USA Hockey, Inc., 1775 Bob Johnson Drive, Colorado Springs, CO  80906, Attn.: Online Services. or (800) 566-3288 or fax at (719) 538-1160 or [comments@usahockey.org](mailto:comments@usahockey.org).
