> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the usanetwork.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060627073027id_/http%3A//www.usanetwork.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# USA Network | Privacy

**_NBC UNIVERSAL WEB SITE PRIVACY POLICY_**

NBC Universal respects the privacy concerns of the visitors to its sites on the Internet. This privacy statement governs all NBC Universal sites, and was created to explain what information we gather from your visit to any of the NBC Universal sites and how such information may be used. This privacy policy does not govern sites that are operated by MSN, IBS or any third party, which include MSNBC.com, NBC's owned or operated station sites, CNBC.com and ShopNBC.com. While this privacy statement is meant to educate you on how NBC Universal uses information obtained from its sites, it is not a substitute for each NBC Universal web site's own policy or any third party site's policy that is linked to from any of our sites. It is your responsibility to carefully review the specific privacy policies posted on these sites as each may have different privacy policies and practices.

 **NBC Universal's Use of Information:** NBC Universal uses both personal and aggregated data we collect from our sites for multiple purposes. The information may be used to improve the content of the sites, to customize the content and layout of the sites for each individual user and to notify users about updates to the sites or promotional offers or opportunities that we believe will be of interest to you.

 **Personal Data:** Personal data is collected when users provide personal contact information to NBC Universal and also when registering for services on cellphones or other wireless devices. For example, in registering for electronic newsletters or other membership services, in answering surveys, purchasing items from NBC Universal sites, and registering for contests and other promotional opportunities provided by NBC Universal and its partners or registering to receive text message or other wireless services, NBC Universal may ask you to provide personally identifiable information such as name, address, birth-date or email address. We also ask users to provide personal data such as e-mail addresses when posting messages to our message boards and chat areas. Aggregated Data: Aggregated information, or non-personal information, such as browser type, operating system, IP address, pages accessed, is collected through various methods. For example, NBC Universal sites may use cookies or collect IP addresses in order to enhance your online experience.

 **Use of Cookies:** Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual's computer hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies make using our sites easier by, among other things, saving your passwords and preferences for you. As an example, we use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart when you visit our online store, and help identify you when you return to the Store. These cookies are restricted for use only on our sites, and do not transfer any personal information to any other party. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies; however, you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. (Note: you will need to consult the help area of your browser application for instructions.) If you choose to disable your cookies setting or refuse to accept a cookie, some parts of NBC Universal's web sites will not function properly or may be considerably slower. For example, without cookies, you will not be able to set personalized preferences or you may have difficulty completing shopping transactions, entering contests, or playing games.

 **Use of IP Addresses:** An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet provider whenever you're surfing the Web. When you request pages from NBC Universal sites, our servers log your IP address. NBC Universal collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information to our advertisers, and to audit the use of our Site. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that your session will be logged, but you are anonymous to us. We may use your IP addresses in cooperation with your Internet provider to identify you if we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Terms of Use or to protect our service, sites, customers, or others.

 **Sharing Personal Data:** NBC Universal may share personal and aggregated information with pre-screened third parties for marketing or promotional or fulfillment purposes. For example, we will share your personal information, on a confidential basis, with third parties who perform a particular service on our behalf, such as sending e-mails, processing orders or credit card payments, or fulfilling orders for products and/or services. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the Choice/Opt-out section below. The contact information is also used to get in touch with you when necessary regarding your order. Financial information that is collected is used to process your request for products and services, and will not be shared with third parties who are not involved with the transaction. When credit card information is transmitted we use industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption.

NBC Universal may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference (either intentionally or unintentionally) with NBC Universal's rights or property, other NBC Universal web site users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. NBC Universal may also share information with consultants and affiliates for internal business purposes and may divulge personal information if such information is subpoenaed. From time to time, NBC Universal may purchase a business or transfer or sell one of our businesses, along with the accompanying site. Should such an event occur, customer information may of course be one of the transferred assets, and such customer information will be dealt with in accordance with applicable law.

 **Sharing Aggregate Data:** NBC Universal may also share aggregate data with third party companies to provide services or targeted advertising on our sites. For example, NBC Universal may use third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our sites. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information about your visits to our sites and to other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services of interest to you. For this purpose, NBC Universal and our third party advertising company may note some of the pages you visit on our sites through the use of pixel tags (also called clear gifs).

 **Security:** Security for all personally identifiable information is extremely important to us. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, NBC Universal cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or that you find on our online products or services. You use such information at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make best efforts consistent with reasonable commercial practices to ensure its security on our systems.

 **For Parents Concerning Privacy:** NBC Universal encourages parents and guardians to spend time with their children online, and to be fully familiar with the sites visited by their children. At various places on NBC Universal web sites, NBC Universal will ask whether users are under the age of 18, or 13, and then ask for parental consent. While NBC Universal requests this information or permission, NBC Universal relies on users to be truthful in responding to these questions.

 **Coppa Compliance and Individuals Under 13:** NBC Universal complies with COPPA and requires that users under the age of 13 years should not submit to or post on any NBC Universal sites without the consent of their parent or legal guardian. Personal contact information knowingly obtained from a child under 13 will not be disclosed to a third party without the prior written consent of that child's parent or legal guardian. Depending on the type of information requested and the nature of the activity for which a child is registering, NBC Universal may require that a parent or legal guardian email or fax their permission to NBC Universal. In the event a user under the age of 13 participates in a contest or promotional opportunity offered by a NBC Universal site and wins, then NBC Universal will obtain verifiable consent from the user's parent or legal guardian.

 **Message Boards and Chat:** Guests of NBC Universal sites are solely responsible for the content of messages they post on public forums, such as chat rooms and bulletin boards. Users should be aware that when they voluntarily disclose personal information (e.g. user name, e-mail address, phone number) on the bulletin board or in the chat room that this information can be collected and used by others. Use caution when posting. Users under the age of 18 should be especially careful not to provide any personally identifying information while using chat rooms or message boards. Users of chat rooms and message boards must follow acceptable standards of behavior when posting messages online.

 **Links to Other sites:** NBC Universal is not responsible for the content or practices of third party web sites that may be linked to our sites. Our sites may also be linked to web sites operated by other companies. Visitors to these web sites should refer to each web site's respective privacy policies and practices.

 **Choice/Opt-Out:** During your visit to any NBC Universal site, each site may provide you the opportunity to opt-in to receive communications on various products or services or upcoming events. You always have the option of removing your name from any e-mail list to not receive future communications. In order to ensure immediate removal from any list, it is best to follow the specific instructions outlined within the communications you receive from us or those outlined on a site's particular registration pages since NBC Universal operates numerous sites tailored to specific interests. However, if you are unable to complete the process indicated in the communications, then you can discontinue your subscription to any of the e-mailings listed on the page entitled "Sign Up For Our Newsletters" (which can be accessed via the navigation at the bottom of this page) by clicking on the following link:

[ **UNSUBSCRIBE**](http://www.nbcuni.com/Newsletter/unsubscribe/)

By clicking on the "Unsubscribe" link above, you may opt-out of receiving future communications by checking any box or boxes on the page and then hitting submit.

 **Questions:**  
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or any matter pertaining to the use of your personal information on this site, other than how to opt-out from mailings, please send an e-mail to [webmaster@usanetwork.com](mailto:webmaster@usanetwork.com).

 **Your Acceptance of These Terms:** By using NBC Universal's sites, you signify your acceptance of the NBC Universal's Privacy Policy and the privacy policy of any of the particular NBC Universal site you visit. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our sites. NBC Universal reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this policy at any time, so visitors are encouraged to review this policy from time to time. Your continued use of the NBC Universal sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.

Effective Date: May 11, 2004. 
