> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the usaprocyclingchallenge.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920055819id_/http%3A//www.usaprocyclingchallenge.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | USA Pro Challenge

“USA Pro Cycling Challenge” recognizes its obligation to adhere to the highest standards of integrity for visitors to its website located at [www.usaprocyclingchallenge.com](http://www.usaprocyclingchallenge.com/) (the “USA Pro Cycling Challenge Website”). We have developed certain privacy practices in order to maintain these standards and to comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations, including the Children’s Online Privacy Practices Act (“COPPA”). If you have any questions or comments about this site, or the Privacy Policy, you should contact the [**Webmaster**](mailto:info@usaprocyclingchallenge.com) or call 303-592-3800.

USA Pro Cycling Challenge does not require visitors to submit personal information to visit the USA Pro Cycling Challenge Website; however, we do require visitors to submit personal information to register for specific online promotions or to participate in certain online programs, surveys, auctions or other transactions or activities. On a particular USA Pro Cycling Challenge registration page, we may request the visitor’s date of birth, gender, email address, telephone number, and/or other contact and demographic information related to the particular promotion, program, auction, survey or transaction. During the registration process, USA Pro Cycling Challenge will calculate the visitor’s age via DBD entry field. USA Pro Cycling Challenge will not knowingly collect personal information from children 13 years of age or younger on the USA Pro Cycling Challenge Website. When you disclose personal information on USA Pro Cycling Challenge Website, you are representing to USA Pro Cycling Challenge that you are 14 years of age or older. If a person 13 years of age or younger has provided personal information to USA Pro Cycling Challenge, a parent or guardian should [**contact us**](mailto:info@usaprocyclingchallenge.com) so that USA Pro Cycling Challenge can remove such personal information from the USA Pro Cycling Challenge active database. USA Pro Cycling Challenge reserves the right to limit participation in particular programs or promotions to visitors 18 years of age or older.

The personal information that you provide will be available to USA Pro Cycling Challenge, our affiliates, agents, representatives, and trusted service providers and contractors, as appropriate, to be used for the purposes indicated or inferred at the time you voluntarily provide such personal information. USA Pro Cycling Challenge might also use your personal information, alone or in combination with the information submitted by other users, to improve the USA Pro Cycling Challenge Website’s navigation or infrastructure and in internal marketing analyses or reviews. Companies that have access to your personal information are required to protect such personal information and to use such personal information only to carry out the activities or services they are performing for you or for USA Pro Cycling Challenge. Additionally, unless you notify us to the contrary, USA Pro Cycling Challenge might use your personal information in the future to provide you with special offers from USA Pro Cycling Challenge or its affiliates. USA Pro Cycling Challenge does not sell, rent, individually post or otherwise disclose any personal information about visitors to unrelated third parties for marketing purposes. If you do not wish to allow USA Pro Cycling Challenge to use your personal information in the future to provide you with special offers from USA Pro Cycling Challenge or its affiliates, please contact USA Pro Cycling Challenge in the manner identified below. By submitting personal information, you grant to USA Pro Cycling Challenge a license to use such personal information for the purposes described in this section. If you choose to opt-out from allowing USA Pro Cycling Challenge to use your personal information in the future to provide you with special offers from USA Pro Cycling Challenge or its affiliates, simply click the “Opt-out” box at the time you provide personal information or contact USA Pro Cycling Challenge directly at [info@usaprocyclingchallenge.com](mailto:info@usaprocyclingchallenge.com). Upon receipt and processing of an “opt-out” request, USA Pro Cycling Challenge will, within a commercially reasonable amount of time, remove your information from any listings used to provide you with special offers from USA Pro Cycling Challenge or its affiliates in the future.

USA Pro Cycling Challenge may also collect non-personal information from our online visitors, such as the visitor’s type of browser, page hits, number of visits, web pages viewed, operating system and domain names, and may use cookies to obtain other non-personal information. Cookies are pieces of data sent from a web server to a web browser that enables a web server to identify users that visit a site hosted by that server. USA Pro Cycling Challenge Website may use cookies in order to identify you to our site so that USA Pro Cycling Challenge Website can provide more customized information and services to you. In general, if you choose, you can disable the use of cookies by reviewing your browser’s performance and options. The non-personal information we collect enables us to track the total number of visitors to each of our sites in an aggregate form, and is used by USA Pro Cycling Challenge to improve and update our sites, products and services. Aggregate (non-personal) information may be shared with third parties. By using theUSA Pro Cycling Challenge Website, you grant USA Pro Cycling Challenge a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, royalty-free, sublicensable (through multiple users) license to use, reproduce, store, modify, publicly perform, publicly display, distribute and transmit such non-personal information for any purpose, and waive any moral rights and publicity rights in such non-personal information. USA Pro Cycling Challenge does not tie this non-personal information to your personal information.

If visitors send us any comments, suggestions, information, ideas, concepts, knowledge or techniques, USA Pro Cycling Challenge is free to use the information worldwide, in perpetuity, without acknowledgement or compensation, for any purpose, including developing, manufacturing or marketing products and/or modifying or improving our web site(s).

This Privacy Policy may be modified by USA Pro Cycling Challenge at any time by updating this posting. You are responsible for reviewing this Privacy Policy each time you use or access the USA Pro Cycling Challenge Website.
