> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 4bigbox.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181225015052id_/http%3A//4bigbox.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 4bigbox - Free Online Storage, Secure File Hosting

This 4bigbox Web page Comfort Plan ("Privacy Policy") protects our therapy of your personal data and other details that we gather when you: (a) accessibility or use your website situated at www.4bigbox.org (the "Website"); (b) become a Participant (as identified in the 4bigbox Web page Conditions and Circumstances ("Terms and Conditions")); and/or (c) use the Solutions (as identified in the Conditions and Conditions). 

Personally Identifiable Information Collected   
In order to attempt to obtain access to the Services and/or become a Member, end-users may be required to provide personally identifiable information ("PII") on the applicable registration form that may include, but not be limited to, all or some of the following: (a) your e-mail address; (b) your Facebook® account ID; (c) your credit card information or PayPal® information (depending on your preferred means of payment); and/or (d) any other information requested on the applicable registration form. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, items (b) and (c) in the preceding sentence shall be referred to as "Sensitive Information."   
To the extent that 4bigbox collects your credit card-specific information, if ever, we will use the information to process and complete any transaction that you request. By submitting your credit card information to us, you authorize 4bigbox to periodically verify that your credit card account continues to be a valid and active one by charging, and thereafter immediately crediting, a small sum to the card. Such verification may be conducted through a third-party and, in that case, 4bigbox would share your specific credit card information with this third-party for verification purposes. Apart from said uses, we will not share your credit card information with any third-parties without your prior informed consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, 4bigbox reserves the right to share with third-parties the fact that we have credit card information on file for specific users, but we will not share your specific credit card information with third-parties without your prior informed consent.   
For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Facebook" shall mean Facebook Inc. Please be advised that 4bigbox is not in any way affiliated with Facebook, and the Website and Services are neither endorsed, nor sponsored, by Facebook. Facebook® is a registered trademark of Facebook Inc.   
For purposes of Privacy Policy, "PayPal" shall mean PayPal, Inc. Please be advised that 4bigbox is not in any way affiliated with PayPal, and the Website and Services are neither endorsed, nor sponsored, by PayPal. PayPal ® is a registered trademark of PayPal, Inc. 

Use of PII   
The PII that you publish via the Web page continues to be your residence, but by posting such details to us you allow us the right, topic to appropriate condition and government law, to use the PII (other than Delicate Information) for promotion requirements. Without restricting the generality of this, we source the right to reveal, offer, lease, rental and/or otherwise spread any and all PII (other than Delicate Information), on an total and non-aggregate base, with/to any third-party for any and all uses authorized by this Comfort Plan and appropriate law. These third events may involve, but shall not be restricted to: (a) services of immediate promotion solutions and programs, such as search and referrals, information improvement, withdrawal and validation; (b) e-mail marketers; (c) telemarketers (where and to the level authorized by appropriate law); (d) SMS text-based promoters (where and to the level authorized by appropriate law); and (e) immediate promoters.   
We may also use your PII for any Services-related objective, and/or promotion and study objective, on our own part and on part of our associates and subsidiaries. We may reveal PII to third-party providers and separate installers that help us make and/or work special offers and reviews. You recognize that we may get in touch with you at any time with up-dates and/or any other details that we may regard appropriate for you to obtain in relationship with your ongoing use of the Web page. We also use details from your PII to deliver you details about the Services, our other attractions and to keep you advised of our other goods and solutions that may be of attention to you and to get in touch with you about your charging consideration position. Please keep in mind, though, that we do not management, and are not accountable for, the methods of our third-party promoters. If you wish to quit getting upcoming devices from us and/or third celebration promoters, or if you wish to avoid the exchange and/or buy of your PII to third events (subject to limitations included in appropriate condition and government law), please see the Treatment of Your Information/Opting Out area below.   
By posting your Facebook® consideration ID at the Web page, you accept allow us accessibility your Facebook® information for the single and unique objective of providing Participant Articles URLs (as identified in the Circumstances and Conditions) to your Facebook® information.   
By posting your PII at the Web page, you accept obtain e-mail promotion from us and our third-party promoters. Moreover, where you publish an unknown variety at the Web page, if ever, you recognize that such act is really a buy, an questions and/or an program for requirements of the Changed Telephone selling Revenue Guideline, 16 CFR §310 et seq. (the "ATSR"). With regards to the ATSR, and despite that your variety may be detailed on the Federal Business Commission’s Do-Not-Call Record, we maintain the right to get in touch with you via outbound telemarketing depending on the relation to the ATSR.   
In inclusion, where you publish a cellular variety at the Web page, if ever, you accept obtain cellular promotion such as, but not restricted to, SMS text-message centered promotion, from us and our third celebration promoters and promoters (where, and to the level that, such promotion is authorized by appropriate law). As such, despite that your cellular variety may be detailed on condition and/or government Do-Not-Call registries, we maintain the right to get in touch with you via SMS text-message centered promotion according to appropriate condition and government law. Further, you recognize that we source the right to reveal, offer, lease, rental and/or otherwise spread your cellular phone and other cellular information with/to any third-party for any and all non-marketing uses authorized by this Comfort Plan and appropriate law.   
Notwithstanding this, 4bigbox supplies the right to launch present or previous Individual Information: (i) in the occurrence that we believe that the Web page and/or Services is/are being or has/have been used in abuse of the Circumstances and Circumstances or to make illegal acts; (ii) if the details is subpoenaed; offered, however, that, where authorized by appropriate law, we shall offer you with e-mail observe, and chance to obstacle the subpoena, just before disclosure of any Individual Information pursuant to a subpoena; or (iii) if 4bigbox is marketed, joined or acquired; offered, however, that if 4bigbox is engaged in a merging, buy, or buy of all or a part of its resources, you will be advised via e-mail and/or a popular observe on the Web page of any modify in possession or uses of your PII, as well as any alternatives you may have regarding your PII. 

Non-Personally Identifiable Information Collected   
Cookies: Once that a person provides an e-mail deal with in relationship with his/her activities at the Website, we determine an recognition variety to that e-mail deal with and set up a dessert ("Cookie") to the appropriate visitor's PC. A Cookie is a piece of information saved on your disk drive containing non-personally familiar details about you. To find out more about treats, please check out www.cookiecentral.com. To turn off and decline certain Biscuits, do as instructed associated with your Technique. Even in the case where a person denies a Cookie, he or she may still use the Website; offered, however, that certain features of the Solutions and/or Website may be reduced or made inoperable if the use of Biscuits is incapable.   
Whenever that person comes back to the Website using the same PC, the dessert allows the Website to recognize the person and to remember the customer's e-mail deal with. If, whenever they want, a person provides other details in relationship with his/her activities on the Website (such as name, deal with, birthday, sex, etc.), we may store that details, along with the visitor's e-mail deal with, in our person data source. We may use the details saved in our database: (a) to effectuate the objective or purchase for which the details was initially offered by a user; (b) to pre-populate details areas in the occurrence that the topic person desires to purchase items and/or services or indication up for and/or join to services, special provides or other provides in the future; (c) to make sure that a person will not be regularly revealed to the same ads, provides and/or special provides while viewing the Website; and/or (d) to, in relationship with frequent interaction with a person, include provides, special provides or ads that were traditionally, or are likely to be, of interest to that person. We also use treats to anonymously monitor and focus on the passions of our customers to further boost the experience on the Website.   
IP Address: Everytime that you check out the Website, our web hosting server instantly identifies your IP deal with and the web web page from which you came. Your IP deal with is used to help recognize you and to collect wide group details about you. We also use your IP deal with to help identify problems with our hosts, to manage the Website and to better offer you in using the items, services and other features associated with the Website.   
Action Tags: An measures tag or a web-beacon (also known as a clear gif or a pixel tag) is a method used to monitor reactions or activities by guests who view certain ads or other details on the Website. Action labels are 1x1 pixel pictures included in a site web page that are used to transparently collect details. We may use measures labels to depend frequent that guests press on a particular advertising ad or check out the webpages of the Website and to provide details about what products/services are considered or bought. We source the right to maintain dessert and measures tag information consistently. Never will we reveal cookie-related, action-tag-related and/or produced details and/or information with third events. 

Third Party Websites   
This Web page may contain backlinks to third-party held and/or managed sites. 4bigbox is not accountable for the comfort methods or the articles of such sites. In some situations, you may be able to buy through one of these third-party sites. In these circumstances, you may be necessary to offer certain information, such as a bank greeting cards number, to sign-up or finish a buy at such website. These third-party sites have individual comfort and information selection methods and 4bigbox has no liability or obligation with regards to them. 

Security   
We try to protect and secured our users’ details. The comfort of your PII is very important to us. The hosts that we shop PII in are kept in a secured physical atmosphere. When our registration/application process demands customers to get into Delicate Information, and when we shop and broadcast such Delicate Information, that details is encoded and secured with SSL encoded sheild software. While we use SSL encoded sheild to secured Delicate Information on the internet, we also do everything in our power to secured all person details off-line and on the internet. Unfortunately, no data indication over the Internet can be assured to be 100% secured. As a result, while we make the effort to secured your PII, we cannot make sure or cause the protection of any details that you broadcast to us, and you do so at your own risk.   
All of our users’ details is limited in our workplaces. Only workers who need the details to execute a specific job are provided access to PII. Our workers are devoted to guaranteeing the protection and comfort of all person details. Employees not attaching to our company plans are topic to disciplinary action. In conformity with appropriate state and government regulations, we shall inform you and any appropriate regulating companies in the occurrence that we learn of an details protection violation with regard to your PII. You will be informed via e-mail in the occurrence of such a violation. Please be recommended that observe may be late in order to deal with the needs of police officers, figure out the opportunity of system harm, and to practice helpful actions. 

Minors   
No information should be submitted to, or published at, the Web page by visitors under 18 (18) decades of age. Persons under 18 (18) decades of age are not permitted to access the Web page and we do not intentionally collect PII from such individuals. We encourage parents and parents to spend some online with their kids and to participate and monitor the entertaining activities of their kids. 

Changes to this Privacy Policy   
4bigbox supplies the right to modify or upgrade this Comfort Plan whenever they want by publishing a observe on the Web page that we are modifying our Comfort Plan. If the style in which we use PII changes, 4bigbox will inform customers by: (a) submitting the customized policy to our customers via e-mail; and/or (b) by any other affordable indicates appropriate under appropriate condition and government law. You will have a option as to whether or not we use your PII in this different style. At any moment that you do not recognize with the changes, you must opt out using the "Opt-Out/Unsubscribe" area above. Failing to opt out after observe of any such changes comprises an beneficial recognition and popularity by you of the customized Comfort Plan. 

What should I put in my privacy policy?   
Your privacy policy should include the following information: Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the advertising opt-out page. (Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.) 

Ad-Serving   
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.   
* Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.  
* Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads based on your visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.  
* You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

Contact   
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Website or your dealings with the Website, please [Contact](https://web.archive.org/web/20181225015052id_/http%3A//contact). 
