> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fluent-forever.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191216170047id_/https%3A//fluent-forever.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Fluent Forever

  1. **GENERAL.** Fluent Forever has prepared this Privacy Policy to disclose how we collect, use, and share users’ personal data.This Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) details the personal data Fluent Forever Inc. (“Fluent Forever”, “we”, “us” or “our”) receives about you, how we process it and your rights and obligations in relation to your personal data. Fluent Forever Inc., a company registered at 16192 Coastal Highway, Lewes, DE 19958, United States of America, is the data controller for the purposes of the General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) and any relevant local legislation (“Data Protection Laws”).By using or accessing the Product, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Capitalized terms not defined here have the meanings set forth in the Terms of Service, located at <https://fluent-forever.com/terms-of-service/>. We may update our Privacy Policy to reflect changes to our information practices and will post these changes here.
  2. **INFORMATION WE COLLECT.** When you use Fluent Forever you provide us with information you submit via the Product, and we collect information regarding your use of the Product as you interact with the Product. _Information You Provide_ Through the registration process, you will provide us with your name and e-mail address. You will also provide us with your payment transaction information [if you choose to pay for Fluent Forever services.] _Activity Data_ We will generate data about your use of our Product including your engagement on the Product (“Activity Data”). We also collect technical data about how you interact with our Product; for more information, see Persistent Identifier. _Third Party Data_ We also collect information about you from third parties. For more information, see Information obtained by Third Parties.
  3. **PERSISTENT IDENTIFIER.** When you enter the Website, we collect your browser type and your IP address (a unique address that identifies your computer on the Internet). When you use our mobile Application, we collect your device type, your device ID, and your IP address.In addition, we store certain information from your browser using “cookies.” A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. We use session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, you should note that cookies may be necessary to provide you certain features available on the Website (e.g., customized delivery of information).
  4. **INFORMATION OBTAINED BY THIRD PARTIES.** To support and enhance the Product, we work with a variety of third party [advertising networks, marketing analytics service providers and website analysis firms] (collectively, “Third Party Advertising Service Providers”). These Third Party Advertising Service Providers collect and use non-personally identifiable information, such as your mobile device ID, about your visits to and use of the Website and mobile Application, as well as other websites in order to serve you with advertisements and content tailored to meet your preferences and likely interests or better understand ad effectiveness. Aggregate demographic and interest data will also be used for market research purposes.In addition, your mobile devices may offer settings that enable you to make choices about the collection, use, or transfer of mobile app information for online behavioral advertising (for example, Apple iOS’ Advertising ID and Google Android’s Advertising ID). Please note that opting out does not prevent the display of all advertisements to you.
  5. **USE OF INFORMATION OBTAINED BY FLUENT FOREVER.** Fluent Forever may occasionally send you service related and product change announcements through the general operation of the Product. We process your data to help provide you with the Product and offer personalized features, to understand and improve our Product and to keep our Product safe and secure.Fluent Forever may use or share anonymous data collected through the Product, including Activity Data. As a business, it is critical that we perform our contract with you with the best service possible, and it is in our legitimate interests to perform these processing functions and to enable service e-mails by default to keep your data secure and provide our Product. You may opt out of any non-essential service e-mails at any time. We may also use your contact information to send you notifications regarding new services, offers and promotions offered by Fluent Forever if you affirmatively consent to receive such communications.
  6. **SHARING YOUR PERSONAL DATA WITH THIRD PARTIES.** Fluent Forever shares your personal data only when it is necessary to offer the Product, legally required, or permitted by you.We will provide personal data to [hosting providers, search engine providers, analytics providers, and support providers].These data processors help us bring you the Product. For example, we may share your information in order to detect where or how you encountered a bug when using our mobile application. In connection with these operations, our service providers will have access to personal data for a limited time. When we utilize service providers for processing any personal data, we implement contractual protections limiting the use of that personal data to the provision of services to Fluent Forever. We will be required to access and disclose personal data in response to lawful requests, such as subpoenas or court orders, or in compliance with applicable laws. Additionally, we will access and share account or other personal data when we believe it is necessary to comply with law, to protect our interests or property, to prevent fraud or other illegal activity perpetrated through the Product or using the Fluent Forever name, or to prevent imminent harm. This will include accessing and sharing personal data with other companies, lawyers, agents or government agencies. If the ownership of all or substantially all of the Fluent Forever business, or individual business units or assets owned by Fluent Forever that are related to the Product, were to change, your personal data will be transferred to the new owner. In any such transfer of information, your personal data would remain subject to this section. Fluent Forever will share aggregate or anonymizeanonymous data collected through the Product, including Activity Data, for purposes such as understanding or improving the service. Fluent Forever will not share your personal photographs with other users of the Product or in connection with third-party advertising without your prior consent.
  7. **DATA SUBJECT RIGHTS AND DATA RETENTION.** You can manage your account settings at [app.fluent-forever.com] to update, amend, and correct your information.You also have the following rights in relation to the personal data we hold about you, unless provided otherwise by local law: 
    * To request access to, or erasure of, the personal data we hold about you.
    * To request us to restrict the processing of the personal data we hold about you.
    * To object to us processing personal data relating to you.
    * Where you have given us consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time.
    * To export the personal data you have provided to Fluent Forever in a format that can be transferred electronically to a third party.
    * To delete your account with Fluent Forever by following the instructions available through the Product.
Fluent Forever will retain your data until your account is deleted, after which point we will retain anonymous data collected through the Product, including Activity Data, which may be used by Fluent Forever and shared with third parties in any manner. Please note that some of these rights are not absolute. In some cases, we may refuse a request to exercise particular rights if complying with it meant that we are no longer able to meet our contractual obligation to provide you with particular products and services. We will keep you informed as to the actions that we can take when you make your request.
  8. **THIRD PARTY WEBSITES AND LINKS.** Please note that you may have cookies placed on your device by third party websites that refer you to our Product. Although we do not share your personal data with these third party websites unless it is reasonably necessary to offer the Product, they may be able to link certain non-personally identifiable information we transfer to them with personal data they previously collected from you. Please review the privacy policies of each website you visit to better understand their privacy practices. In addition, Fluent Forever would like to inform you that anytime you click on links (including advertising banners), which take you to third party websites, you will be subject to the third parties’ privacy policies.Our Product contains links to other sites operated by third parties. Fluent Forever does not control such other sites and is not responsible for their content, their privacy policies, or their use of personal data, including any personal or financial information collected by our third party payment processor to process payments for in-app purchases. Fluent Forever’s inclusion of such links does not imply any endorsement of the content on such sites or of their owners or operators except as disclosed on the Products. Any information submitted by you directly to these third parties is subject to that third party’s privacy policy.
  9. **CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.** California Civil Code Section 1798.83 entitles residents of the State of California to request from a business, with whom that resident has an established business relationship, certain information regarding the types of personal data the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information during the immediately preceding calendar year. If you would like to request a copy of this information disclosure from Fluent Forever, please contact us at [help@fluent-forever.com].
  10. **CHILDREN UNDER AGE OF DIGITAL CONSENT.** At all times Fluent Forever does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age in connection with the Product. If we discover that we have unknowingly collected personal information from a child under 13 years of age, we will delete it. If you believe we have collected personal information from a child, please contact us at [help@fluent-forever.com]. Fluent Forever complies with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, 15 U.S.C. 6501–6505 (“COPPA”).
  11. **LINKS.** The Product may contain links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage users to be aware when they leave the Product to read the privacy statements of other websites that collect personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by Fluent Forever via the Product.
  12. **INFORMATION SECURITY.** Fluent Forever has implemented administrative and technical safeguards it believes are appropriate to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of your personal data. However, given sufficient resources, a determined attacker could defeat those safeguards and may, as a result, gain access to the data we seek to protect.
  13. **DO NOT TRACK.** The Product is not designed to respond to “do not track” signals sent by some browsers.
  14. **CONTACT.** Fluent Forever’s headquarters are located at [FLUENT FOREVER INC % GABRIEL WYNER 16192 COASTAL HWY LEWES, DE 19958].For all data privacy inquiries and any questions or concerns you have about this Privacy Policy, please contact [Matthew] at [matthew@fluent-forever.com]. For all support inquiries, please go to [help@fluent-forever.com].


