> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the guerrilla-games.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140409004127id_/http%3A//www.guerrilla-games.com/templates/guerrilla/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Guerrilla Games - Privacy Policy

Guerrilla-Games.com (the "Website") is operated by Guerrilla Games of Herengracht 601, 1017 CE Amsterdam, The Netherlands ("Guerrilla"). This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains what types of personal information we collect when you use this Website, how your information is used and safeguarded, and how you can contact us if you have any queries or concerns. 

### 1\. What kind of information do we collect?

We collect information submitted via the Careers section of the Website, or e-mailed to us as part of a job application or job search process ("Application Information"). This information may include the applicant’s name, address, telephone number and email address, as well as resume or CV, cover letter, portfolio, and any other information relevant to the job application or job search process. 

In addition, we register visitor activity on the Website through the use of Google Analytics Cookies (see "[What Are Cookies And How Do We Use Them](https://web.archive.org/web/20140409004127id_/http%3A//www.guerrilla-games.com/templates/guerrilla/privacy.html#privacy4)", below).

### 2\. What do we do with the information we collect?

The Application Information we collect is used in a number of ways:

  * To assess your skills, qualifications and interests against our career opportunities;
  * To verify your information and conduct reference checks;
  * To communicate with you and inform you of career opportunities;
  * To create and submit reports as required by law or regulation; and
  * To improve our recruitment process.



The Application Information is retained in accordance with local law. We may also retain Application Information to consider you for other jobs for which you may be qualified. If you accept employment with Guerrilla, the information collected will become part of your employment record and will be used for employment purposes. 

### 3\. Who else has access to your information?

Guerrilla employees, affiliated companies or entities acting on behalf of Guerrilla may have access to your Application Information for the purposes listed above. We take appropriate technical, organizational, and legal steps to protect your Application Information. Affiliate companies or entities acting on behalf of Guerrilla with whom we share your Application Information will be bound by terms of confidentiality and this Policy. 

In exceptional circumstances, we may disclose your personal information if required by law or to protect or defend ourselves or others against illegal or harmful activities. If our business is sold or restructured, your details may be transferred as part of the business. 

### 4\. What are Cookies and how do we use them?

Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. Due to their core role of enhancing usability or site processes, disabling Cookies may prevent you from using certain websites. If you wish to learn how to enable, disable or delete Cookies, please consult the instructions or help functionality of your web browser. 

This Website uses Cookies by Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). They help us analyze how you use the Website. The information generated by the Cookies about your use of the Website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity for us and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. 

For more information on the Cookies set by Google Analytics, including information on how to opt out, please visit <http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacypolicy.html>. For more information on Cookies in general, please visit <http://www.allaboutcookies.org/>. 

### 5\. How is your information protected?

We take commercially reasonable steps to protect your personal information. This includes setting up processes and procedures to minimize unauthorized access to or disclosure of your information. However, we do not guarantee that we will eliminate all risk of misuse of your personal information by intruders. 

### 6\. How can you contact us?

You are legally entitled to know what personal information an organization holds about you and how that information is processed. If you would like to know what information we currently hold about you, please contact us at [info@guerrilla-games.com](mailto:info@guerrilla-games.com) or write to Guerrilla Games, Herengracht 601, 1017 CE Amsterdam, The Netherlands. Please note we may ask you to provide proof of identity and charge a small administration fee. 

### 7\. Changes to this Policy

We may change this Policy from time to time. We will list any changes to the Policy at the bottom of this page. This initial version of our Privacy Policy was created on July 2, 2012. 
