> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rsupport.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180206140957id_/http%3A//www.rsupport.com/en-us/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Remote Support Solutions for PC, Mac, and Mobile - RSUPPORT

**INFORMATION COLLECTION**  
Rsupport takes the issue of privacy extremely seriously. Not only is privacy and trust a central issues to theInternet, but it is also the base of our business. We have implemented a series of measures to ensure that the identity of visitors to our site is kept anonymous. Rsupport is always looking for ways to improve our website experience and maintain the integrity of the site. To this end, IP addresses are logged and analyzed. This is standard practice among organizations of good principals. We log where you went on the site and for how long. We also log what type of operating system you are using. Absolutely none of this information is personally identifiable. Like financial institutions, Rsupport uses the industry standard technology ? “cookies”. They are utilized to collect data about how users use our site. Cookies are a small string of computer text code, often subject to a number of misconceptions, mostly based on the erroneous notion that they are computer programs. In fact, cookies are simple pieces of data unable to perform any operation by themselves. In particular, they are neither spyware nor viruses, despite the detection of cookies from certain sites by some anti-spyware products. All browsers have option for the user to decide whether or not to restrict or allow cookies from any site. Rsupport uses cookies to enhance the visitor’s experience. They can be used to securely store a user’s ID, password, personalized home page, and tell designers which part of the site is the most popular.

**HOW WE USE INFORMATION COLLECTED**  
There are sections in the Rsupport website that may request voluntary information about you, such as your e-mail address. This is often for the purposes of future correspondence, trial software, contest opportunities, new product registration or online surveys. The personal information that you supply to Rsupport will be used for the future development of better products and services or to inform you about new products, service and offers of interest. At no point will your information be sold or distributed without your knowledge.

**COOKIES AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES**  
A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Other technologies are used for similar purposes as a cookie on other platforms where cookies are not available or applicable, such as the Advertising ID available on Android mobile devices. Learn more about how Google uses cookies and how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our partners’ sites or apps. We use various technologies to collect and store information when you visit a [RSUPPROT] service, and this may include using cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device.

**DISCONTINUING E-MAIL CORRESPONDENCE**  
Most Rsupport website visitors come with the intent of learning more about our company and products. After users provide their e-mail addresses, most are pleased to receive e-mail offers and newsletters about our company. On the other hand, Rsupport recognizes the need for choice and privacy. At any point after receiving an e-mail, you can scroll to the bottom of the screen to request that we discontinue sending you offers and newsletters. Please allow for 5 business days to process your request. Although children under 18 can view our website, Rsupport in no way requests or processes information from minors. No information should be posted or submitted by anyone under 18 without the consent of their parent or guardian. Rsupport’s privacy statement is subject to change at any time and without notice.
