> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the noggin.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111208201043id_/http%3A//www.nickjr.com/about/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Nickelodeon Parents & Preschool Privacy Policy

_Online Contests and Sweepstakes_ The Network may offer opportunities to enter contests and sweepstakes from time to time. In some instances, these contests and sweepstakes will be open to all registered users, and no additional personal information will be collected. In other instances, we may ask for information such as your full name, e-mail address, birth date, and in some instances, telephone numbers for certain types of contests and sweepstakes. We use this information for the purpose of conducting the contests and sweepstakes and do not (except as set forth herein) disclose such information to third parties, except with a fulfillment house which we use to help select winners and fulfill prizes and, in some cases, with third-party sponsors. From time to time, we may offer contests and sweepstakes sponsored by third party businesses and may share entrant information with such third party businesses. In these types of contests and sweepstakes, we will disclose to potential entrants that such information will be so supplied and the identity of the third party to whom such information will be supplied at the time entrant information is collected, and will provide potential entrants with the opportunity to opt out of such third party sponsored contests and sweepstakes. However, any information supplied to a third party may be retained by such third party and will be out of our control. We may maintain personal information collected online from contests and sweepstakes winners and may share that information with third parties for fulfillment purposes, as described above, as well as internally. 

Entrants of contests and sweepstakes on the Network may have the opportunity to opt-in (by indicating so on the entry form) to become subscribers of Network newsletters and to receive other e-mail special announcements and promotions. (For more information, please see "Electronic Newsletter and Special Announcements Subscription" below.) The personal information collected from those entrants who have chosen to opt-in to any newsletter or other subscription shall be maintained by the Network and may be shared with third parties for fulfillment purposes, as described above, as well as internally. Entrant's decision not to opt-in to any subscription offers will not affect eligibility for contests and sweepstakes and will not impact chances of winning. 

_Electronic Newsletter and Special Announcements Subscription_

The Network provides parents the opportunity to receive e-mails containing certain newsletters, along with other special announcements pertaining to ParentsConnect, NickJr.com and/or Nickelodeon, as well as MTV Networks generally. These emails and newsletters will be made available to users during the registration process, but users may also register for specific newsletters or email bulletins without registering. These e-mails will provide subscribers with Nickelodeon information updates, announcements, and promotions. If you opt in to receive any such newsletters or announcements, your e-mail address may be transferred, disclosed, or shared with third parties who may be engaged by us specifically to handle the preparation and delivery of the e-mails and perform other related technical and processing functions. At anytime after the signup process, users can choose to discontinue their subscriptions to all newsletters and special announcements altogether by electing to unsubscribe, through the unsubscribe option found at the bottom of each e-mail sent to users, or via your account settings page, which will also be linked at the bottom of newsletters, and is located[ here](http://www.parentsconnect.com/me/profile/newslettersubscriptions). 

_Electronic Postcards & Games_

The Network may provide users with the opportunity to send electronic postcards to family or friends. Also, the Network may feature information about products we believe are of interest and enable users to send email messages to family and/or friends to share their interests. In these instances, we may collect email addresses of the senders and recipients of such postcards and messages. We also may collect email addresses where users send e-mail to us (e.g., through a contact link or when requesting information about our products, services or offerings). The Network uses this information only for the purpose of sending the postcards and such information is deleted from our system. 

_User Generated Content_ The Network may offer opportunities to send video, images and other user generated content from time to time, sometimes in connection with a contest or sweepstkes, and sometimes as part of every day Network activity. In some instances, we may ask for additional information as part of the upload process, such as your full name, e-mail address, birth date, the names and ages of your children, descriptions and other information concerning the content uploaded to us. We use this information for the purpose of conducting the UGV/UGC activities, and do not (except as set forth herein). From time to time, we may offer UGV/UGC activities sponsored by third party businesses, and may (with your permission) share your content and personal information with such third party businesses. In these types of activities, we will disclose to users that such information will be so supplied and the identity of the third party to whom such information will be supplied at the time the UGV/UGC is uploaded to us, and will provide users with the opportunity to opt out of such third party sponsored activities. However, any information supplied to a third party may be retained by such third party and will be out of our control. 

_"Nick Jr. Arcade" and Nick Jr Boost_

**Ordering from the Site and Opening an Account:**

When customers make purchases through NickJr.com (e.g. games from "Nick Jr. Arcade" or subscriptions to NickJr Boost) other than using the Nick Arcade Game Card or other prepaid cards (which do not require our customers to enter any personally identifiable information), customers are required to provide us with their full name, billing and/or shipping addresses, e-mail address, and credit card number/expiration date. We also provide our customers the opportunity to send to family and friends gifts items purchased by the customer and will send, on behalf of customers who request it, e-mails to family or friends notifying them that someone has sent them a gift. To do this, we ask customers to provide us with their family or friend's first name and e-mail address. We use this information only to send the gift recipient the item(s) the customer has requested their family or friend receive. During the checkout process, customers are provided the opportunity to receive newsletters, sales and promotions from Nickelodeon. To be removed from the contact list at any time, customers can elect to unsubscribe in the next e-mail they receive from Nickelodeon. If customers do not complete the order process (e.g., fail to enter a valid credit card number/expiration date or fail to complete a purchase transaction) the information customers submitted during the order process will not be captured by our systems. Once customers have successfully entered a valid credit card number/expiration date and completed the order process, an account will be created and maintained for customers. We use this information to process the customer's order and to send order confirmations via e-mail. We do not sell, transfer or share the information with third parties except, the information is transferred, disclosed and shared with our third party agent who uses the information solely to handle and manage fulfillment and customer service. Our third party agent is not permitted to use the information for other purposes and the third-party agent has agreed to maintain the confidentiality of such information. We may, from time to time, combine the information from accounts with information received from the Nick Jr. Shop, in which case the account information will be used as described below. 

**Customer Service:**

Nick Jr. Boost customers may e-mail us their questions about the game and our site. Other than an e-mail address, we do not request that users submit any personal information online for customer-service inquiries. We may however ask for additional non-personal information to better help us respond to customer service questions. We use the e-mail address to communicate directly with customers about technology-related questions, and provide them with answers that they may find helpful. We do not sell, transfer or share the e-mail address with third parties, with the exception that the information is transferred, disclosed and shared with our third party agent who uses the information solely to handle and manage customer service, but cannot use it for other purposes and has agreed to maintain the confidentiality of such information. Once we or our third party agent have had a chance to provide e-mail responses to customer service e-mail questions, the e-mail address is deleted from our system. 

_"Nick Jr. Kids" Area_

The "Nick Jr. Kids" area on NickJr.com (the "Kids area") is an area of our site where parents can enjoy quality online entertainment with their preschool-aged children. This area includes Games, Stories, Music, Art, Shows and other activities, the design, content and language of which are targeted to preschoolers. The Kids area is fully compliant with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ("COPPA"). 

It is our policy in the Nick Jr. Kids area to require only the minimal collection of information from our visitors. Consistent with this policy, the Kids area of NickJr.com limits the collection of information from children to what is known as non-personally identifiable information (e.g. first name, Computer Information). Some games and activities within the NickJr. Kids area may feature an option for parents to register for the site, which would allow for saved game settings, and other special content. Any such registration opportunities in the Kids area will be optional, and in full compliance with COPPA. We do not condition participation of a parent and/or their child in any games or other online activities contained in the Kids area on the disclosure of more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. 

**Sharing and Disclosure of Information**

We may, from time to time, share non-individual, aggregate information (e.g. non-personally identifiable information) about our users internally within MTV Networks, and externally with third parties, such as advertisers and business partners. We also use personal information collected on our site internally within MTV Networks, however, it is our policy to not disclose personally identifiable information externally with third parties, except in the following instances: 

_Third Party Businesses:_

From time to time, we may partner with outside third parties to provide you with additional content, products, or services that we believe may be of interest. For example, we may partner with a greeting card company, software manufacturer, or telephone provider to offer you electronic cards, games, or telephone messaging. These partners operate websites that are separate and independent from the websites that comprise the Network. If you choose to "opt-in" (click on a box to receive a third party's information), to register with one of our partners, or you choose not to "opt-out" (uncheck a checked box that will provide a partner with your information), that means you grant the Network permission to give your registration and other information, including e-mail address, to that third party. If you do not wish to receive information from outside third parties, you can unsubscribe by following the instructions at the bottom of any email you may receive. 

_Agents:_

The personal information provided to us may be transferred, disclosed or shared with third parties who may be engaged by us specifically to handle and deliver certain activities (e.g., message boards, sweepstakes and contests, e-cards, payment processing, newsletters, advisory board, etc.) and perform other technical and processing functions (e.g., sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from registration lists, programming, providing user services to our users or otherwise operating any one website that comprise the Network). They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes and have agreed to maintain the confidentiality of such information. Some of these agents, such a payment processors, may request additional information during the course of offering their services. We encourage users to review the privacy policies and information collection practices of those agents. 

_Business Transfers:_

In the event that assets relating to one or more sites of the Network are transferred or sold to another entity, personally identifiable information may be transferred to the acquiring entity. 

_Online Contests and Sweepstakes:_

As discussed in the Contests and Sweepstakes section above. In addition to the fulfillment houses to whom we may supply personal information collected from contests and sweepstakes entrants for the purpose of helping us select winners and fulfill prizes, we may supply third-party sponsors with personal information collected from contests and sweepstakes entrants in connection with certain online contests and sweepstakes. In each such case, we will disclose to potential entrants that such information will be supplied to a third party, and the identity of such third party, at the time entrant information is collected. 

_Special Cases:_

You acknowledge, consent, and agree that to the extent legally permissible in a jurisdiction we may access, preserve, and/or disclose the information we collect pursuant to Section II or other information and/or content to a law enforcement agency or another third party if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation, or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process; (b) enforce the Terms of Use; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (d) respond to your requests for customer service; or (e) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the owners of the Network, any user of any of the websites that comprise the Network, and the public. We also may disclose user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability; to protect or defend our rights or property; or protect the safety, rights, or property of our visitors or others. 
