> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the philanthropy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061224053311id_/http%3A//philanthropy.com/about/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The Chronicle of Philanthropy: Privacy statement

### Privacy Statement

_The Chronicle_ is committed to protecting the privacy of its subscribers and other users of its on-line services. We follow these policies:

**E-mail addresses**

We ask subscribers who register for our on-line services to provide us with their e-mail addresses so we can send them news briefings and account information. We also ask for e-mail addresses from people who want to receive our free news and job-announcement e-mail updates.

Those addresses are used only to send news updates and account information to those subscribers. **_The Chronicle_ never sells, rents, or lends e-mail addresses of users to anyone.**

Registered subscribers can change the e-mail messages that they receive, or stop receiving them altogether, at any time by visiting our [e-mail settings page.](https://web.archive.org/pcgi-bin/circulation/users/mailinglistreset1.cgi)

Instructions for stopping the free e-mail news and job updates appear at the end of each e-mail message.

E-mail addresses that we collect as part of our "e-mail this article" and "e-mail this ad" services are used only to provide that service. We do not share them with anyone or use them for any other purpose.

**User names and passwords**

Each subscriber who registers to use this service has a user name and password. Subscribers may choose their own [user names](https://web.archive.org/pcgi-bin/circulation/users/namechange1.cgi) and [passwords](https://web.archive.org/pcgi-bin/circulation/users/pwreset1.cgi) or use names and passwords generated by _The Chronicle._

Passwords are the private property of the subscriber. For reasons of security and privacy, we do not give out passwords to anyone. If you forget your password, you can [reset it](https://web.archive.org/services/pwreset.htm) from your computer. If you forget your user name, you can [send yourself an e-mail reminder.](https://web.archive.org/services/acctnotify.htm)

**Advertising**

_The Chronicle_ has a contract with an outside company, DoubleClick Inc., to use its technology to deliver ads on our site. This allows us to deliver ads to users according to such factors as domain name and editorial content.

_The Chronicle_ is not a member of the DoubleClick Network. Our agreement with DoubleClick specifies that information about our users may only be used to deliver ads on our site and may not be aggregated with other information collected by DoubleClick. **We do not provide any personal information, such as names, postal addresses, phone numbers, or e-mail addresses, to DoubleClick.** The only information DoubleClick receives is what is automatically passed by a Web browser, such as Internet Protocol number, domain name, and browser type.

**Cookies**

"Cookies" are bits of data sent from a Web server to a user's machine to be retrieved later for identification purposes. **This Web site does not use cookies.** However, you may encounter cookies when leaving our site to visit an advertiser's site or another site to which we have linked.

**Postal mailing lists**

_The Chronicle_ sometimes rents its postal mailing list (but never e-mail addresses) to organizations that wish to offer products and services to its subscribers. Such mailings may be "targeted" based on demographic information or zip codes.

If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please send an e-mail message to [subscriptions@philanthropy.com.](mailto:subscriptions@philanthropy.com) Please include your on-line account number or your name and address at they appear on your mailing label. That will help us to expedite your request.

**Financial information**

_The Chronicle_ collects financial information (usually credit-card numbers) only to bill for subscriptions or other products or services.

**Links to other sites**

This site contains links to other sites. _The Chronicle_ is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those sites.

**Public forums**

This site makes forums available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in those areas becomes public.

**Modifying or canceling services**

Subscribers can modify information in our data base by visiting our subscriber-services page at [http://philanthropy.com/services](https://web.archive.org/services/)

You can also send an e-mail message to [help@philanthropy.com](mailto:help@philanthropy.com)

**Contacting The Chronicle**

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of _The Chronicle_ or its on-line service, or any other aspects of this Web site, please contact:

Stacy Palmer  
Editor, New Media  
The Chronicle of Philanthropy  
1255 23rd St., N.W.  
Washington, D.C. 20037  
[stacy.palmer@philanthropy.com](mailto:stacy.palmer@philanthropy.com)

Or see our complete information on [contacting _The Chronicle._](https://web.archive.org/about/email.htm)

* * *

[Copyright](https://web.archive.org/about/copyright.htm) © 2006 [The Chronicle of Philanthropy](https://web.archive.org/)
