> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the philly.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160627171948id_/http%3A//www.philly.com/philly/about/terms_of_use) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy & Terms of Use - philly.com

Go to Terms of Use 

Go to Commenting Policy 

**Philadelphia Media Network, PBC Privacy Policy**.   
Effective 5/4/2016

**Philadelphia Media Network, PBC**  
Philadelphia Media Network, PBC is a Public Benefit Company organized under the laws of Delaware, It is headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Through its affiliated companies, PMN publishes news and information through The Philadelphia Inquirer and the Philadelphia Daily News, and through philly.com. PMN is also engaged in other activities related to its publications. 

**Scope of Policy**.  
This privacy policy describes and governs the collection, gathering, storage and use by Philadelphia Media Network, PBC and its affiliates of information regarding the users of its web site, philly.com, and the use of all mobile applications and electronic devices, including but not limited to tablets and smart phones, used to access philly.com and its applications (collectively, “philly.com” or the “Site”). By using our web site through any device, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. 

Certain features and services offered on philly.com have additional terms, conditions and privacy policies, which govern the use of those features and services. Through philly.com and various applications, users of philly.com can access certain third party web sites. The owners and operators of those web sites have their own privacy policies which govern the gathering, collection, storage and use of users of those sites, and you should check the privacy policies of those sites for more information about them. PMN is not responsible for the terms of use or privacy policies of third-party sites or third party service providers.

**Information that We Automatically Collect.  **  
If you visit philly.com without registering as a user, we will gather, collect and store certain information about your use of our site automatically to allow us to analyze the use of the Site. The information that we automatically gather, collect and store, includes information about the personal computer, tablet, smart phone or other electronic device you use to access the Site, and may include internet protocol addresses, the type of browser you use, browser language(s), unique device identifiers, geolocation information and other information about your mobile phone or other mobile device(s), the location from which you accessed the Site or used any of our apps. That information may also include data about your use of the Site, including, for example, the pages that you have viewed on our Site, the time(s) that you have accessed the Site, the amount time you have spent on the pages you have visited on our Site, the date(s) and time(s) that you have accessed the Site, the number of times you have “clicked” each time you use the Site, how often you visit the Site, search data and search results and other information.  In order to automatically collect information of our users’ use of the Site and our apps, we use certain third parties and their technologies. Those technologies include cookies. In some cases cookies allow us to collect information about the use of our Site by users who have not registered with the Site. None of that information is personally identifiable information.

**Information We Collect When You Register with and/or sign into our Site.**  
When you register with philly.com, we collect the following information from you: your name, email address, postal address, phone number, mobile phone number, gender and birth year. Certain features of our Site (for example, subscription offers for print and digital editions), also request payment information. Registering on philly.com allows you enhanced participation in the services offered on philly.com, including commenting on certain articles on our site, connecting with the Site through social networking sites, entering contests and sweepstakes we offer, signing up to receive news updates, text messages and promotions from PMN and our advertisers, and downloading and/or using our mobile applications.   

If you sign into our Site using a social networking system (“SNS”), PMN may collect and store your user ID associated with the SNS account(s) that you have used to sign into your account with us and/or to use services or features available through philly.com. By signing in to your account with us, or connecting with our services, you are authorizing PMN to gather, collect, store and use all information available to PMN though the applicable SNS in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to all information that you have made public through the applicable SNS account(s), information that the SNS shares with us, or information that is disclosed as being shared during the sign-in process.

If you choose to comment on our Site, we would ask that you do so carefully, especially with respect to the posting of information that may allow readers of your comments to collect, store or use personal information about you.  Please keep in mind that certain comments on our Site are posted through a third party service. As with all other third party services available through our Site, when you use that Service, you are agreeing to the terms and privacy policy of that third party service provider. Please refer to our Commenting Policy for more information.

**Location Information.**  
When we collect information about your location, we sometimes use that information to provide you with information and advertising customized for that location. In order to do that, we share certain location information about you with certain third-party technology providers and advertisers, or their service providers, who may have access to your IP address, zip code or other general location information. If you access the Site through a mobile device with GPS or similar functionality, and do not want to share this location information, you can disable the GPS or other location-tracking function on the mobile device, if your device has that capability.   

**Access to Information We Have Collected About You**.  
If you wish to access the personal  information we have collected about you, or to update that information, please go to:  **<https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb>**

**How We Use the Information We Collect** **.  **  
We use the information that we collect for a wide range of purposes, including to provide you with Customer Service, to send you alerts regarding news and/or information that is of interest to you through e-mail, text messages, and/or SMS, to notify you about special offers, to attribute comments that you post on our Site or through SMS to you, to respond to other inquires made by you, to administer contest, sweepstakes or games of skill that you have entered on our Site, and for any other purpose for which you have provided information to us. We also use the information that we collect to produce reports and data about our user base and Site usage, to perform analytics and research aimed at improving our Site, to allow us to tailor your experience on the Site to your past usage and preferences, to display advertising suited to those preferences when you use the Site, to enforce our Terms of Service and to administer the operation of the Site.  

When we send you e-mails that include promotional material, special offers or advertising on behalf of our advertisers and/or sponsors, we will include an opt-out that allows you to direct PMN to stop sending you those e-mails in the future. 

**Information Shared with Third Parties**.   
We may provide the information we collect, gather store and use to any entity that is affiliated with PMN, for the purpose of allowing those entities to fulfill services offered or provided on our Site, and to communicate with you regarding the Site and as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, any entity that is controlled by PMN, or under common control with the entity that controls PMN, is considered an affiliate of PMN. We also may allow unaffiliated third parties to use information about you when you have authorized us to do so, or to provide services or products that you have requested, or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy.

If you sign up to participate in a contest or sweepstakes, or to attend an event that we sponsor or host, we may share the information you provide to us to our sweepstakes or contest advertisers, operators, administrators or sponsors and the use of that information will be also governed by those advertisers’, operators’, or sponsors’ privacy policies or practices. We may also use that information, and/or allow third parties to use that information to provide you with special offers, and /or information about other contest, sweepstakes, promotions and/or events. We may also share information about you with our advertisers, for the purpose of allowing our advertisers to promote their goods and/or services to you, either through our Site or directly to you. 

In the event that PMN is sold, merged, or re-organized, we reserve the right to share information about you with the buyer, successor, merged entity or other person or entity similarly situated.

**Specific Information Regarding Our Use of Cookies** **.**  
PMN uses persistent and session cookies and other similar tracking tools to collect and store your username and password, improve the service you receive while on the Site by tailoring your experience to your usage history or preferences, and manage the advertising you see when you visit the Site, and/or analyze usage of the Site. The cookies we use may provide us with data linked to or extracted from information you have provided to us, with the information linking that information to you removed. From time to time, we may share that de-identified data with certain service providers, and other third parties in a form that can only be read and used by certain technologies. Once information regarding our users and their use of our Site has been de-identified, it is no longer subject to this Privacy Policy, and PMN reserves the right to share that information with third parties, at its discretion. 

PMN and its service providers may also use other technologies, such as Flash technologies, Web beacons or pixel tags, and other similar technologies, to deliver or communicate with cookies and track your use of our Site and the services available through our Site, and to serve our users with advertising when you are on other websites or the Internet when those cookies can be accessed. We also may include certain tracking tools in e-mail or text messages or newsletters to determine whether the message has been opened and to provide us with other information that measures that success of our communications with you. Our use of technology is constantly changing, and our use of technology to gather information about the use of our Site by our users will continue to advance, which may lead to additional gathering, collection, storage and use of our user’s use and experience on the Site. 

You may choose to not allow cookies to be used when you use our Site. You should be able to do that by changing your browser settings to not allow or to decline the use of cookies (other than Flash cookies), in the “Help” section of your browser’s toolbar. If you elect to decline cookies, certain features available on the Site will not be available to you. In order to manage Flash cookies, please visit the [**Adobe website**](http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html) and make changes at the [ **Global Privacy Settings Panel**](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager02.html).

**How We Use Data Analytics and Certain Other Third Party Technologies**.  
We may also use certain other third party technologies to collect information about your use of other websites. Those technologies may provide us with your IP address and identify any web site that you visited immediately before using the Site. Those third party providers collect and use that information and provide it to us. We use that information to help us understand and analyze your use of the Site, and to better tailor advertising you see when you use the Site, to your preferences. 

We may use third-party web analytics services on our Services to obtain information about how philly.com users use the Site. That information may be collected, gathered, stored and used by PMN and those third party providers for the purposes of analyzing your use of the Site. The information gathered, collected, stored and used through those analytics technologies may include the identity of any third-party website(s) that you used prior to arriving at philly.com, your interaction with ad impressions, and your IP address. We also use information provided by or through third party analytics technologies to tailor our serving of advertising to the interests of our users, to allow our advertisers to target their marketing efforts. The information gathered through analytics is also used to develop reports regarding usage of the Site.

We also allow certain third parties to use that data to serve advertising that reflects information that you have provided to us and other information. That information is collected by the use of cookies by PMN or by third parties that it has contracted with for data analytics and/or advertising those services.  The cookies that are used may be placed on your PC, tablet, smart phone or other device. We use the same information to provide you with information to you while you are using the Site. The placement of cookies and other tracking technologies by third parties that are not affiliates of PMN are outside the scope of this Privacy Policy. To prevent the use of information regarding your use of the Site to be used for those purposes, please go to ****[**http://www.aboutads.info/choices/**](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/) ****. Most search engines, mobile application providers and other technology providers also have mechanisms for controlling and/or opting out of the placement of cookies on the device you use to access our site. If you want to opt-out of the placement of cookies on your device by third parties that place cookies on your device when you use the Site, we also suggest that you consult the privacy policies, guides and instructions available through those third parties. 

**Steps We Take to Protect Certain Information**.   
PMN has put in place reasonable measures to protect the Site from being accessed by unauthorized third parties, and to preserve the information collected, gathered, stored on the Site, and used in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Despite those efforts, we cannot guarantee that an unauthorized third party will not access that information, resulting in the disclosure of such information in a manner that is not authorized by this Privacy Policy. 

**Disclosure of Your Information Through Legal Process**.  
In the event that any information about you is requested by any governmental authority or through any legal process, we may share information about you in order to properly respond to those requests. We may also disclose information about you that we have collected, gathered, stored and used when in order to protect PMN’s rights, the rights of its employees, and of the general public, and to properly investigate, prevent, and/or act to prevent or act in response to suspected fraud, threats, illegal activities, and/or violations of this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use.  To do so, we may share information about you with law enforcement, government agencies, courts, and/or other public and/or private organizations. 

**Links to Third Party Sites**.  
The Site contains numerous links to third party sites. Some of those links appear in advertisements. Others are available through other features available through the Site, including but not limited to e-commerce features. When you utilize a link on the Site to access the site of any third party, please be aware that the terms of use and privacy policy of the applicable third party governs while you are using the third party’s web site. We encourage you to check the URL of the page you are using to become aware of whether the page you are using is part of the Site, and to check the terms of use and privacy policies of third parties before you use a third party site. PMN is not responsible for, nor can it control, the terms of use or privacy policies of any third party other than third parties that are affiliates of PMN. 

**Other Information About This Privacy Policy**  
The Site is hosted in the United States and is governed by the laws of the United States of America and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania applicable to contracts performed wholly therein.

The Site is not intended for use by individuals under the age of 13. Accordingly, PMN prohibits individuals under age 13 from using the Site. By using the Site, you represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years of age. 

There are no third party beneficiaries of this Privacy Policy, and this Privacy does not create any right that may be enforced by any third parties. .

We reserve the right to modify and change this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check our Privacy Policy when you use the Site. Your use of the Site following any changes means that you have accepted those changes.

If you have questions or comments regarding this policy, please contact us through our feedback form: [**http://www.philly.com/philly/about/feedback/**](http://www.philly.com/philly/about/feedback/)

* * *

**Commenting Policy**

Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the “Report Abuse” option. 

Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions.

Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted.
