> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zonalinfo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141213142201id_/http%3A//www.zonalinfo.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

We take your privacy seriously. Please take a moment to read this privacy policy, which discloses the privacy practices of the Zonal info websites. Specifically, the policy outlines the types of information that may be gathered when you register for or use the Services, and the ways in which that information may be used. In this Privacy Policy, references to “you” mean any person submitting any data to us or the Site. If you have any comments or suggestions, we would be pleased to receive them at shrikant@zonalinfo.com   
**Information that you give:**  
To enable you to enjoy certain features of our Services, we collect certain types of information, including personally identifiable information. For example, we collect information when you: Register. When you register to use Services, we ask you to provide certain information, which may include your email address, home address, birth year, gender and zip code, as well as a password for your account. Service Usage: Information about your navigation using our Services, for example the URLs of websites, which you visit and from which you request downloads. Log information: Information such as your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, date and time of request.  User IDs: Your usernames, passwords, email addresses and other security-related information used by you in relation to our Services.  Stored Information: Data either created by you or by a third party and which you wish to store on our servers such as image files, documents etc. We only collect your Personal Information to conduct our business and to enable us to deliver and improve our Services. We do not for any reason whatsoever sell your Personal Information to any third party or otherwise trade on it.   
**Cookies**   
A "cookie" is a small piece of information stored by a web server on a web browser so it can be later read back from that browser. Cookies are useful for enabling the browser to remember information specific to a given user. We place both permanent and temporary cookies in your computer's hard drive. The cookies do not contain any of your personally identifiable information.   
**Other Privacy Considerations**  
We may transfer your information to a third party if we or any of our affiliates are involved in a transfer or all or part of our business. 
