> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zoniic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-05-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170518143629id_/http%3A//www.zoniic.com/index.php%3Froute%3Dinformation/information%26information_id%3D3) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

We at ZONNIC.com completely value and respect your privacy. While you log in and shop on our website we will prompt you to give some information in regard to name, contact details, E-mail ID, etc. We may also record other records such as the details of ads clicked, IP address, location of the server and related information.

  The information we collect from you is as stated before used to serve you better and to monitor the changes that can be made by us in our service to make the experience better for you in the future. First of all, the information is used to process the orders that you make on our website. From the time of placement of order to the time it is delivered there are several instances wherein your personal information is required to ensure delivery of product at your doorstep on time. It involves various administrative and operational functions that need to be performed. Other than this, the information is used by our statistical team to analyzed your activity on our website so that we can take steps to further improve your experience on successive visits. Information is also stored to administer your personal account on our website. Such information is used to give you exclusive offers from time to time so that you have a reason to make repeated purchases from makemycombo.com

  While we definitely offer to save your credit card details with us in case you want to avoid the hassle of filling in the details every time you make a purchase but the same are not saved in our private servers but are saved in secure authorised payment gateways where no one from our team has access to the sensitive information. The real time transaction is also directed through the same gateways to ensure complete security.
