> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ultimatedesi.net privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111007104700id_/http%3A//www.ultimatedesi.net/static/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy policy - UltimateDesi.Net - Desi Porn Tube

## Privacy Policy

**What Information UltimateDesi.Net** **Collects:**

**Personal Information:**  
In certain situations such as when signing up for an account at UltimateDesi.Net , you will be asked to provide certain information which is considered personal. This may include name, e-mail, birth date or mailing address. You will need to provide this information in order to use certain features or take part in certain activities at UltimateDesi.Net such as uploading videos, posting content, accessing forums, entering contests, subscribing to mailing lists or receiving promotions.

**Non-Personal Information:**   
Whenever you access or use the UltimateDesi.Net site, your web browser creates a record on our web servers about your time spent at the site. This information may include what pages you visited, how much time you spent at a page, your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser language, what pages you visited, number of clicks as well as other information which is considered non-personal. While at UltimateDesi.Net , you may also be sent cookies. Cookies are text files that are sent to your computer in order to identify your browser. UltimateDesi.Net may use persistent cookies which remain even after you have closed your browser. You may remove persistent cookies from your web browser. You may also create browser settings to refuse or disable all cookies but this may interfere with some of the features at UltimateDesi.Net.

**How UltimateDesi.Net** **May Use Your Information:**   
All Personal information that is submitted voluntarily to public areas such as in discussion boards, forums, chat rooms, user profiles or messages is considered public. This information may be displayed to and used by all other UltimateDesi.Net users. When you post user content or any message through UltimateDesi.Net, your account name may be used in correlation with that content but your email address will NOT be used. Any content that is submitted to UltimateDesi.Net may be used or redistributed through other channels including internet and other media. We encourage you to use discretion when posting information in the public areas.   
The personal information which UltimateDesi.Net requires in order to create a user account will not be made public. This includes your name, email address, address or any other personal information which is not provided voluntarily in public areas. Your personal information will not be used for commercial or marketing messaging unless you have given your consent or in relation to certain features or programs. In these events, you will have the opportunity to opt out of the messaging. UltimateDesi.Net may use your e-mail address in order to send messages about the UltimateDesi.Net site news.   
Non-personal information is used in order to make improvements to the UltimateDesi.Net site design and quality. In some cases, we may use your personal information to improve the site but this personal information will not be made public or distributed to third-party sites. Personal and   
non-personal information may be used to create new features, promotions, services or for tracking visitors to the site.   
Cookies and log file information are used to a) remember your information for the next time you visit the site; b) customize the site and its content to your browser; c) keep track of marketing and the effectiveness of campaigns; d) keep track of aggregate metrics; e) keep track of all your submissions, entries, statuses in contests and other promotions.

**When UltimateDesi.Net** **May Disclose Information**   
All non-personal information may be disclosed at any time to any third party without notice or consent from the user. Personal information may be disclosed to subsidiaries, affiliates or other companies or persons when it is necessary to process a request for UltimateDesi.Net. In the event that your personal information is shared with a third party, that third party must adhere to the terms and conditions as stated in the UltimateDesi.Net Privacy Policy. All efforts will be made to make sure that your private information stays private and confidential through secure measures.   
Your personal information will not be shared with third parties for use in their marketing or commercial purposes unless you have given consent prior or as part of a certain program or feature. In this case, you will have the option to opt-in or opt-out of the program/feature.  
Under certain extreme circumstances, such as a court order or subpoena, UltimateDesi.Net may be required to release your personal or non-personal information. UltimateDesi.Net may also release any of your information in the event of an actual, impending or possible lawsuit.   
UltimateDesi.Net may also release personal or non-personal information if, in good faith, UltimateDesi.Net believes that it is necessary in order to uphold the Terms of Use, protect against any liability, aid law enforcement agencies, protect the rights of UltimateDesi.Net or its users, or to protect the integrity of the web site. 
