> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ultimatefighter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110620065419id_/http%3A//www.ultimatefighter.com/footer/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Spike

**Last Modified: March 3, 2011**

 **Go to[Terms of Use Agreement](https://web.archive.org/footer/terms)**

This is the privacy policy (" _Privacy Policy_ ") for TheUltimateFighter.com(" _Site_ ," " _we_ ," " _us_ ," or " _our_ "), an Internet website offered in cooperationwith the TUF television series or programming service (" _TUF Channel_ ").The Site and content from the TUF channel (together, "TUF") are providedby Spike Digital Entertainment, Inc. ("SDE"), a subsidiary of ViacomInternational Inc. (together, SDE and Viacom International Inc., the" _Parent Companies_ ") and Ultimate Fighting Productions, LLC ("UFP").

This Privacy Policy is intended to explain our privacy practices andcovers the following areas:

  1.  **When This Privacy Policy Applies.**
  2.  **U.S. Governing Law; Safe Harbor.**
  3.  **Collection and Use of Personal Information and Other Information (Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities).**
  4.  **Opting-out of Certain Uses of your Personal Information and Other Information (Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities).**
  5.  **Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities.**
  6.  **Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information and Other Information.**
  7.  **Reviewing, Updating or Deleting Certain Information.**
  8.  **Protection of Information.**
  9.  **Your California Privacy Rights.**
  10.  **Changes to this Privacy Policy and Notice.**
  11.  **Miscellaneous.**



## 1\. When This Privacy Policy Applies.

This Privacy Policy applies whether you are accessing the Site via apersonal computer, a mobile device or any other technology or devicesnow known or hereafter developed or discovered (each, a " _Device_ ") andwhether you are accessing the Site as a registered user (if offeredby the Site) or other user of the Site. This Privacy Policy governsonly the Personal Information and Other Information (as those termsare defined below) collected by the Site and does not cover any suchinformation collected in any other manner (such as by the TUF Channelnot through the Site) or by any other website offered by the ParentCompanies and/or any subsidiaries and affiliates of the Parent Companies(collectively, " _Affiliates_ ") or TUF or the UFP ("Site Participants") orcollected by any other company, unless specifically stated. We mayfrom time to time, combine Information (as that term is defined below)with other information we collect from other sources, such as informationreceived from our Parent Companies, Affiliates, marketing companies orAdvertisers and, if we do so, our use of the resulting combined Informationwill be subject to this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy will remain in full force and effect, even if youruse of or participation in the Site or any particular service, feature,function or promotional activity offered through the Site terminates,expires, ceases, is suspended or deactivated for any reason. If youdo not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not participate inthe Site or any features, activities or services offered through theSite.

## 2\. U.S. Governing Law; Safe Harbor.

The Site is designed and targeted to U.S. audiences and is governed byand operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S. We make no representationthat this Site is operated in accordance with the laws or regulationsof, or governed by, other nations. By participating in our Site activities,you certify that you meet the age and other eligibility requirementsfor this Site as set forth in our [Terms of Use Agreement.](https://web.archive.org/footer/terms) If you aredo not meet the age and other eligibility requirements, please discontinueusing the Site immediately as your continued use of the Site indicatesthat you are agreeing to the collection, use, disclosure, managementand storage of your Information as described in this Privacy Policy.

If you are located in the European Economic Area (" _EEA_ ") and Switzerland,for detailed information on our privacy policy and practices with respectto personal information transferred from the EEA and Switzerland, pleasesee our Safe Harbor Privacy Policy located at <http://www.viacom.com/privacypolicy/Documents/VIACOM-610657-v1-Safe_Harbor_Policy.pdf>.

If you are located outside of the U.S., the EEA and Switzerland, youuse this Site at your own risk and initiative and you, not us, are responsiblefor compliance with any applicable local and national laws. [Pleasebeaware that any Personal Information and Other Information you provideto us or we obtain as a result of your use of this Site will be collectedin the U.S. and/or transferred to the U.S. and subject to U.S. law.By using this Site, participating in any Site activities and/or providingus with your Personal Information and Other Information, you (i) consentto the transfer and/or processing of any Information to and in the U.S.,(ii) acknowledge that U.S. law may provide a lower standard of protectionfor personal data than the laws of your location and (iii) understandthat we will collect, transfer, store, process and/or deal with yourInformation in accordance with this Privacy Policy and U.S. law.]

If this Site is part of the Flux platform, by using this Site, participatingin any Site activities, and/or providing us with your Personal Informationand Other Information, you (i) consent to the transfer and/or processingof any Information you provide to the Site and to Flux, (ii) acknowledgethat U.S. law may provide a lower standard of protection for personaldata than the laws of your location and (iii) understand that this Siteand Flux will collect, transfer, store, process and/or deal with yourInformation in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the [Flux PrivacyPolicy](https://web.archive.org/footer/terms) and U.S. law. Consequently, to the full extent permitted by law,you hereby waive any claims relating to the processing of your PersonalInformation or Other Information in accordance with this Privacy Policythat may arise under the laws and regulations that apply to you in orof any other country or jurisdiction.

## 3\. Collection and Use of Personal Information and Other Information(Other than Wireless Marketing Services and Associated PromotionalOpportunities).

When we use the term " _Personal Information_ " we mean information thatwould allow someone to identify you or contact you, such as your fullname, postal address, e-mail address or telephone number. When we usethe term " _Other Information_ ", we mean any information other than PersonalInformation that may be collected about you (Personal Information andOther Information, together, the " _Information_ ").

  1. Information We Collect that You Provide Us.
    1. User Registration.To the extent we offeruser registration on the Site, to register as a memberof the Site, you are required to select a user nameand password (together, your " _User ID_ ") and may be requiredto also provide other Information, such as your emailaddress and date of birth. Additional Information maybe requested during the registration process (but notrequired).
    2. In Connection with Certain Features and Functions.We may also provide youwith access to certain features or functions that wemay offer on the Site, such as the option to subscribeto a selection of free email newsletters and other periodicinformation, chat rooms, message boards, electronicmail services, messaging services, auctions, shopping,registration and member profile pages. To sign up foror participate in these features or functions, you maybe required to provide us with certain Information aboutyou in order for us to personalize and/or allow you touse such features and functions. For example, to signup to receive email newsletters, you may be requiredto provide your email address, date of birth and zipcode separate from any user registration. Further,for example, to the extent we offer such services, ifyou order any of our various Products (as defined inthe [Terms of Use Agreement](https://web.archive.org/footer/terms)), in addition to your nameand contact information, we will also collect and maymaintain your billing address, shipping address, Productselections, your credit card or other payment instrumentinformation, your order number and information aboutyour computer's internet address and website which mayhave referred or directed you to the Site (e.g., thereferring URL). Your credit card or debit card numberis collected via a secure transmission.
    3. In Connection with Promotions such as Contests and Sweepstakes.There may be a separateregistration process to enter Promotions such as contestsand sweepstakes which may require the submission ofall or some of the following: your first and last name,street address, city, state and zip code, email address,telephone number and date of birth. Additional Informationmay be requested depending on the specific Promotion,but submission of such Information may be optional.The Promotions entry page and/or Rules will providethe specific requirements. You may also have the opportunityto opt-in to receive special Promotions or offers fromour third party advertisers, sponsors or promotionalpartners (" _Advertisers_ ") as a result of your use ofthe Site in connection with many of these types of Promotions.
  2. Information Collected Through Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies."Cookies" (which may be html files,Flash files or other technology) are text files that help storeuser preferences and activity. "Web beacons" (also known as imagetags, gif or web bugs) are small pieces of code used to collectadvertising data, such as counting page views, promotion viewsor advertising responses. The Site and/or third parties mayuse "cookies", "web beacons" and other similar tracking technologies(collectively, " _Tracking Technologies_ ") to collect Other Informationautomatically as you browse the Site and the web.

We use Tracking Technologies to help tailor our content, allowusers to move between associated sites without logging intoeach site, understand Site and internet usage, improve or customizethe content, offerings or advertisements on this Site, personalizeyour experience on this Site (for example, to recognize youby name when you return to the Site), save your password inpassword-protected areas, save your online game or video playersettings, enable you to use shopping carts on the Site, helpus offer you products, programs or services that may be of interestto you, deliver relevant advertising, maintain and administerthe Site and for other purposes described in the "Use of Information","Other Information Collected by Us" section below.These Tracking Technologies collect "click stream" data and additionalOther Information regarding your visits to the Site, such asyour visits to the Sites webpages, use of our features, andpurchasing history or preferences and may also collect yourIP address or some other identifier unique to the Device youuse to access the Site ("Identifier"). Your Identifier is automaticallyassigned to the Device you use to access the Site. Your PersonalInformation is not collected as part of this process.

By visiting the Site, whether as a registered user or otherwise,you acknowledge, understand and hereby agree that you aregiving us your consent to track your activities and youruse of the Site through these Tracking Technologies.

This Site may additionally use a variety of third party advertisingnetworks, data exchanges, traffic measurement service providers,marketing analytics service providers and other third parties(collectively, " _Third Party Advertising Service Providers_ ") to,for example, serve advertisements on the Site, facilitate targetingof advertisements and/or measure and analyze advertising effectivenessand/or traffic on the Site (" _Targeting Services_ "). These ThirdParty Advertising Service Providers may enable us to displayadvertisements based on your visits to the Site and other websitesyou have visited. Targeting Services enable us to, among otherthings, help deliver advertisements or other content to youfor products and services that you might be interested in, toprevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many timesand to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certainadvertisements to you.

Although these Third Party Advertising Service Providers donot have access to Tracking Technologies set by the Site, theThird Party Advertising Service Providers, as well as Advertisers,may themselves set and access their own Tracking Technologieson your Device if you choose to have Tracking Technologies enabledin your browser (or for Flash cookies, if you have not removedthem) and/or they may otherwise have access to Other Informationabout you.

  3. Use of Information.

As set forth in this Privacy Policy, we may share Informationwith TUF, UFP, our Parent Companies and Affiliates.

    1.  _Personal Information._ We, and/or our Parent Companies and Affiliates usethe Personal Information we collect from you in a varietyof ways, including:
      * Sending marketing and promotional e-mails or, subject to the Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities Section below, text messages offering the purchase of goods and/or services that may be of interest to users, whether those goods and/or services are provided by the Site, the Parent Companies, Affiliates, UFP or third parties (for example, we may send you an email about a product sold by a third party) and UFP;
      * Processing your registration with the Site, such as verifying that your e-mail address is active and valid;
      * Contacting you regarding the administration of your account, any services, features or functions you have enrolled in or registered to use, any Promotions you have participated in or have entered, any goods and/or services or Products you have ordered or any other transactions you have undertaken with the Site;
      * Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Site;
      * Responding to your questions or other requests;
      * Contacting you regarding your use of the Site, for informational purpoes related to the Site or, in our discretion, regarding changes to the Sites policies;
      * Improving the Site or our services and for internal business purposes;
      * Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site;
      * Saving your User ID or other Personal Information, so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site;
      * Otherwise to maintain and administer the Site and
      * For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Personal Information.
    2. Other Information Collected by Us.We, and/or our Parent Companies and Affiliates and UFP,use the Other Information we collect from you in a varietyof ways, including:
      * Keeping count of your return visits to the Site, UFP site, or our Parent Companies, Affiliates, Advertisers' or partners' sites;
      * Accumulating and reporting aggregate, statistical information in connection with the Site and user activity;
      * Determining which features, webpages, products and services users like best to, among other things, help us operate the Site, enhance and improve our services and the Site and display advertising and marketing information;
      * Preparing statistics reports;
      * Allowing you to participate in the public areas and/or other features of the Site;
      * Improving the Site or our services and for internal business purposes;
      * Tailoring your experience on the Site and/or otherwise customizing what you see when you visit the Site;
      * Saving certain Other Information for use on your return visits to the Site;
      * Otherwise to maintain and administer the Site
      * For the uses described for Personal Information above and
      * For other purposes disclosed at the time you provide the Other Information.
    3.  _Other Information Collected by Third Party Advertising ServiceProviders and Advertisers._ The use of Tracking Technologies by Third Party AdvertisingService Providers and Advertisers is within their controland not ours. Even if we have a relationship with theThird Party Advertising Service Provider or Advertiser,we do not control their websites or their policies andpractices regarding your Information and you should beaware that different rules might apply to the collection,use or disclosure of your Information by third partiesin connection with their advertisements or promotionsand other sites you encounter on the Internet. This PrivacyPolicy does not cover any use of Information that a ThirdParty Advertising Service Provider or Advertiser may directlycollect from you. Use of Third Party Advertising ServiceProviders and Advertisers Tracking Technologies is governedby the Third Party Advertising Service Providers or Advertisers,as applicable, own specific privacy policies and not thisPrivacy Policy. However, please see Opting-Out of CertainUses of Your Personal Information and Other Information(Other than Wireless Marketing Services and AssociatedPromotional Opportunities) Section for more informationon how to opt-out of the collection and/or use of Informationcollected by certain Third Party Advertising ServiceProviders.



## 4\. Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Your Personal Information and OtherInformation (Other than Wireless Marketing Services and AssociatedPromotional Opportunities).

  1. Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal Information.
    1. In Connection with Marketing and Promotional E-mail and Offers.

You may "opt-out" of receiving marketing and promotionale-mails from UFP and/or us at any time by using the Site'spreference management page associated with your User ID accountto opt-out of receiving such emails or messages from the Site,the Parent Companies, Affiliates and/or third parties by goingto the Site's home page and clicking the "Your Account" linkto un-register your account. You may also use the opt-out mechanismthat is contained in each such email. Please note that whenyou opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mailsfrom us, you are not opting out of receiving newslettersfrom us that you have requested. Further, when you usethe opt-out mechanism that is contained in an email, youare not opting out of receiving marketing and promotionale-mails from other MTVN brands. Please see _Section 4.a.ii_ below for your newsletter options.

    2. In Connection with Wireless Marketing Services.

See Termination of Wireless Services by Users under theWireless Marketing Services and Associated PromotionalOpportunities Section for more information on how youmay unsubscribe from receiving text messages.

    3. Certain Continuing Rights Regardless of Opt-Outs.

However, even if you exercise your opt-out rights above, we,or our Parent Companies or Affiliates, may continue to contactyou for the other purposes described in the Use of InformationSection above, such as for maintenance and administrative purposes.

  2. Opting-Out of Use of Certain Other Information Collected by TrackingTechnologies.
    1. Tracking Technologies Set By Third Party Advertising ServiceProviders and Advertisers.With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by Third PartyAdvertising Service Providers and Advertisers, you have anumber of options:
      * With respect to the serving of ads by DoubleClick to you, please visit <http://www.doubleclick.com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy> for your options (other than for Flash cookies) and for further information on renewing your opt-outs or opting-out again if you subsequently delete the Tracking Technologies. See below for more information on removing Flash cookies.
      * To opt-out of most Tracking Technologies (other than Flash cookies) set by certain Third Party Advertising Service Providers used by the Site in addition to DoubleClick, please visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp> for your options and for further information on renewing your opt-outs or opting-out again if you subsequently delete the Tracking Technologies. See below for more information on removing Flash cookies.

See below for more information on removing Flash cookies.

      * You can choose to delete most Tracking Technologies (other than Flash cookies) through the Internet Options sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browsers support feature. (See the help section of your browser for more information and see below for more information on removing Flash cookies.)
      * You can choose to reject, disable or turn most Tracking Technologies off (other than Flash cookies). Additional information on rejecting, disabling or turning most Tracking Technologies off may be available through your browsers support feature. (See the help section of your browser for more information and see below for more information on removing Flash cookies.)

Opting-out of, deleting, rejecting, disabling or turning off Third PartyAdvertising Service Providers Tracking Technologies does not mean thatyou will no longer receive online ads. Opting-out of, deleting, rejecting,disabling or turning off Third Party Advertising Service Providers TrackingTechnologies only means that such ads will no longer be tailored to yourspecific viewing habits or interests, but you will continue to see ads on this Site.

    2. Tracking Technologies Set By the Site.With respect to the Tracking Technologies set by the Site, you have anumber of options:
      * You can choose to delete most Tracking Technologies (other than Flash cookies) through the Internet Options sub-option of the Tools menu option of your browser or otherwise as directed by your browsers support feature. (See the help section of your browser for more information and see below for more information on removing Flash cookies.)
      * You can choose to disable or turn most Tracking Technologies off (other than Flash cookies). Additional information on disabling or turning most Tracking Technologies off may be available through your browsers support feature. (See the help section of your browser for more information and see below for more information on removing Flash cookies.)
      * You can choose to have the Device you use to access the Site warn you each time a cookie or most other Tracking Technologies is being set (other than Flash cookies), or you can choose to turn off such warnings. This is done through your browser on the Device you use to access the Site. Additional information on warnings and removal of warnings may be available through your browsers support feature.

This Site adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online BehavioralAdvertising. [Click here](http://srp.mtvn.com/sitefaq.html) for moreinformation about this Site and online behavioral advertising.

Some Device manufacturers may preset their browsers to block TrackingTechnologies from websites other than those you visit directly and, ifso, certain services or advertisements may not work for such Devices.Further, if you delete, reject, disable or turn off Tracking Technologies,you may not have access to certain features of the Site and some of ourother services may not function properly.

    3. Flash Cookies.Please note that deleting, rejecting, disabling or turning off TrackingTechnologies set by Third Party Advertising Service Providers andAdvertisers and set by this Site through the above options will notremove Flash cookies. For more information about Flash cookies andhow to remove them from your computer, please visit <http://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/articles/lso/> or<http://epic.org/privacy/cookies/flash.html>.



## 5\. Wireless Marketing Services and Associated Promotional Opportunities.

TUF may provide users and viewers with the opportunity to register for specialPromotions, services, news, programming and information delivered via textmessaging and other wireless devices such as mobile phones and, in the eventwe do so, users are required to provide their consent to receive such informationfrom TUF, either by registering on the Site or via their wireless device.Such services and promotional opportunities are provided by the Parent Companiesand/or Affiliates for TUF. The Information requested as part of the onlineregistration process may include a users telephone number or a wireless emailaddress, but only if specifically requested, and the carriers name. AdditionalInformation may be requested for specific Promotions, such as a users preferencesregarding goods or services, choices of music or artists, or other similarsurvey information. Depending on the Promotion, we may also collect an Internetemail address or other Information and, depending on the Information collected,the user may also be required to confirm his or her agreement to this PrivacyPolicy and the [Terms of Use Agreement](https://web.archive.org/footer/terms).

We caution that most wireless transmissions are not secured and there is a greaterrisk of an unknown third partys interception of messages or a users PersonalInformation when using a wireless communications device.

Users that register for TUFs wireless marketing services acknowledge, understandand agree that they will be charged by the users wireless carrier for all messagessent to the user from TUF. Standard messaging rates will apply, unless noted otherwise. **Under no circumstances will the Site, TUF, its Parent Companies or Affiliatesor UFP be responsiblefor any wireless email or text messaging charges incurredby a user or by a person that has access to a users wireless device,telephone number, or email address.**

  1. Registration.To the extent we provide wireless marketing services, there are tworegistration methods provided for TUFs wireless marketing services.Standard rate Promotions will be subject to either the single opt-inor the double-opt-in (Site/SMS) method, at the discretion of TUF dependingon the type of Promotion. Premium rate services will require the doubleopt-in (Site/SMS or SMS/SMS) method.
    1. Single Opt-in Method:In response to print, radio, television, Internet, or otherpromotional messages, users will be directed to send a specificword or code via a text message to a designated telephone numberto register for the service promoted. The users voluntarysubmission of the designated word or code to TUF will meanthat the user has freely and affirmatively granted permissionto TUF to send text messages to him or her. TUF will thank theuser for his or her registration by sending a Thank you message.The user may terminate the service at any time by using theunsubscribe command in any text message from TUF or by sendinga text message to TUF that says STOP, END, CANCEL, REMOVE,UNSUBSCRIBE or QUIT. 
    2. Double Opt-in (Site/SMS) Method:In response to print, radio, television, Internet, or otherpromotional messages, users will be directed to this Site tostart the registration process. The user must affirmativelyconsent to TUFs sending of wireless messages to his or herdesignated wireless device by submitting a telephone number(or wireless email address, only if requested by TUF) and byclicking the consent statement on the Sites registration page.The user must also agree to the Sites Privacy Policy and [Termsof Use Agreement](https://web.archive.org/footer/terms) before the online registration process iscompleted. TUF will then send a Confirmation message to theusers designated wireless device and will request that theuser confirm that he or she has agreed to receive messagesfrom TUF to that particular telephone number (or wirelessdomain name when appropriate). The user must respond tothe Confirmation message with a text message that statesYES or Y that will indicate the users acceptance of TUFswireless marketing service. Until the user responds to theConfirmation message, the user is not registered for thespecific wireless marketing service subject to the Promotion.A user may respond to the Confirmation message at any time _provided that_ TUF may choose to terminate offering wirelessmarketing service at any time and the users response to theConfirmation is only valid if the response is received whileTUF continues to offer the specific wireless marketing service.
    3. Double Opt-in (SMS/SMS) Method:In response to print, radio, television, Internet, or otherpromotional messages, users will be directed to send a specificword or code via a text message to a designated telephone numberto register for the service promoted. TUF will then send aConfirmation message to the users designated wireless deviceand will request that the user confirm that he or she has agreedto receive messages from TUF to that particular telephone number(or wireless domain name when appropriate). The user must respondto the Confirmation message with a text message that states YESor Y that will indicate the users acceptance of TUFs wirelessmarketing service. Until the user responds to the Confirmationmessage, the user is not registered for the specific wireless marketingservice subject to the Promotion. A user may respond to theConfirmation message at any time provided that TUF may choose toterminate offering wireless marketing service at any time and theusers response to the Confirmation is only valid if the responseis received while TUF continues to offer the specific wirelessmarketing service.
  2. Termination of Wireless Services by User.Regardless of which one of the above opt-in methods was used to register,users may revoke their consent to receive messages from TUF by thefollowing procedure:

A user may cancel one or more services via his or her wireless deviceat any time by using the unsubscribe mechanism provided by TUF at thetime the message is sent, or by sending a text message that says STOP,END, CANCEL, REMOVE, UNSUBSCRIBE or QUIT. TUF will terminatethe users registration for the most recent wireless service sent tothe user. Any of these words followed by the word ALL in the userstermination request will cancel all of the users registered wirelessservices with TUF. If the user unsubscribes from one or all of TUFservice(s) via his or her wireless device, the service(s) will beterminated immediately and will cancel the users previous opt-in.

  3. Termination of Wireless Services by TUF.A user understands, acknowledges and agrees that TUF may, in itssole discretion and without liability to any user, terminate itsoffer of any specific wireless marketing service or all wirelessmarketing services at any time without advance notice. TUF mayprovide notice of terminations or changes in services on this Site.
  4. Use of Information.TUF will not use a wireless telephone number, wireless or conventionalInternet email address, or other Information submitted for its wirelessmarketing services for any other purpose but to provide the servicerequested, unless we provide advance notice of any other use. We willnot share any Personal Information with Advertisers or other third partymarketers unless you opt-in to such disclosure. We will share PersonalInformation with the operational service providers that assist us indelivering these wireless services to you and with the Parent Companiesand Affiliates.



## 6\. Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information and Other Information.

  1. Sharing and Disclosure of Personal Information.

Generally, we do not sell, rent, lease or disclose your Personal Informationto third parties, except if you consent to such disclosure or as describedin this Privacy Policy

    1. Disclosure to Parent Companies and Affiliates.We may disclose Personal Information to UFP, Parent Companiesand Affiliates for marketing and/or administrative purposes.You can choose to opt-out of certain such uses as described inthe Opting-Out of Certain Uses of Personal InformationSection above.
    2. Disclosure of Certain Information in Postings Intended to Be Disclosed.Certain Personal Information associated with a Posting may beintended for disclosure ( _Posting Information_ ), such as username.We will disclose Posting Information in connection with the displayof, and other services relating to, such Posting.
    3. Disclosure In Connection with Co-Branded Services and Features.The Site may also offer co-branded services and features, suchas events and Promotions that we put together with another company,UFP, or our Parent Companies or Affiliates (" _Co-Branded Partner_ ")and that may be hosted on the Site and/or our Co-Branded Partnerswebsite. We may share your Personal Information with our Co-BrandedPartner and your voluntary use of or participation in a co-brandedservice or feature means that you opt-in and give your affirmativeconsent to both the Site and our Co-Branded Partner to collect theInformation provided in connection with the specific co-brandedfeature or service and to use such Information for the fulfillmentof the feature or service and for marketing or administrative purposes.The Co-Branded Partner will be identified on the co-branded featureor service, along with the Co-Branded partners privacy policy.If you wish to opt-out of a Co-Branded Partner's future use ofyour Personal Information for marketing purposes, you will needto contact the Co-Branded Partner directly and the use of suchinformation by Co-Branded Partner is subject to Co-BrandedPartners privacy policy.
    4. Disclosure to Operational Service Providers.We also have the right to disclose your Personal Informationand Other Information to third parties for the purpose ofadministering and maintaining the Sites services, features,functions and operations. We will refer to these third partiesas _operational service providers_. We use operational serviceproviders to efficiently provide the full range of content,activities, services, features and functions we bring you andwe disclose your Information to operational service providersfor the purpose of providing services to us.
    5. Disclosure to Certain Other Third Parties.In addition to the above, we will make your Personal Informationand Other Information available to certain third parties in thefollowing limited circumstances:
      * When we are compelled to do so by a governmental agency, court or other entity (e.g., to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process) or if requested by a governmental agency or other authority as part of an investigation;
      * If we believe your actions violate any law, rule, regulation and/or the [Terms of Use Agreement](https://web.archive.org/footer/terms), including, without limitation, this Privacy Policy, Rules or Additional Terms;
      * In connection with Promotions, as necessary to administer the Promotion or as required by applicable laws, rules or regulations (for example, to provide winners lists or make required filings as appropriate);
      * If you opt-in or otherwise agree to have your Personal Information shared with or otherwise disclosed to a third party for marketing purposes, in which case the third partys use of your Information is subject to the third partys own privacy policy;
      * If, in our sole discretion, we believe such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate: to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries; to protect our business and assets or the rights, property or safety of the Site, the TUF Channel, the Parent Companies, the Affiliates, or any of its or their operational service providers, licensors, suppliers, Advertisers, customers, users, or any other party; to limit our legal liability; to defend our interests; to enforce this Privacy Policy or the [Terms of Use Agreement](https://web.archive.org/footer/terms) and/or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations or requests by law enforcement agencies or governmental authorities and/or 
      * In the event of a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, sale, transfer of control, joint venture or other business combination involving us, or our Parent Companies or Affiliates.
  2. Sharing and Disclosure of Other Information.We may share or otherwise disclose Other Information with thirdparties, but we do not disclose Personal Information to them exceptas described in this Privacy Policy.



## 7\. Reviewing, Updating or Deleting Certain Information

Generally, you may review, update or delete certain Information collected bythe Site by, if you are a registered user of the Site and logged into theSite, by clicking Profile or your display name at the top of the Site andthen selecting Edit Profile. However, Personal Information that is necessaryto check eligibility, such as date of birth or age, cannot be deleted, but maybe modified with sufficient verification of the correct information. We willallow you to change the password portion of your User ID, as well as certainother Information you have given us in order to keep your information current,but once you select a user name you will not be able to change that user nameprovided to us during registration and which is associated with your User ID.

You may also exercise certain privacy settings options by, if you are a registereduser of the Site and logged into the Site, clicking Profile or your display nameat the top of the Site, selecting Edit Profile or Manage Account and selectingthe Privacy tab.

Certain Information collected for certain entries into Promotions are subjectto corporate and regulatory recordkeeping requirements and will not be deletedupon the users request, unless the entrant is a child under the age of 13 years old.

If the burden or expense of providing access to your Information is disproportionateto the risks to your privacy or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated,we may decide not to provide access to such Information. In such cases, we willprovide to you an explanation of why access cannot be provided and contactinformation for further inquiries.

 **Children or Ineligible Teenagers.** If we, UFP, or our ParentCompanies or Affiliates, inadvertently send an email or text message to a personthat does not meet the age and other eligibility requirements of the Site, suchas a child (a person under the age of 13) or others who do not meet the greaterage requirements of certain features of this Site ( _Ineligible Teenagers_ ), thechild (or Ineligible Teenager) or the childs (or Ineligible Teenagers) parentor legal guardian (the _Parent_ ) always has the right to unsubscribe (opt-out)from receiving future emails or text messages via the unsubscribe mechanismcontained in the email or message. The same unsubscribe process is availableto a parent or legal guardian of a minor (a person under the age of 18, orthe age of majority in your state).

In addition, Parents of children or Ineligible Teenagers who wish to terminatetheir childs or Ineligible Teenagers membership [must use their childs orIneligible Teenagers User ID to gain direct access to the account, and followthe procedures in the Deactivation/Termination of Your Registration or UseSection of the [Terms of Use Agreement](https://web.archive.org/footer/terms) to terminate their childs or IneligibleTeenagers membership; alternatively, Parents may send an emailto the Sites Privacy Administrator and provide us with your childs or IneligibleTeenagers User ID and request to terminate your childs or Ineligible Teenagersaccount and registration. We will not allow direct access to a users accountand Personal Information by any person without the users User ID. If a Parentdoes not have his or her childs or Ineligible Teenagers User ID, the Parentwill be required to send an email to the Privacy Administrator that includesthe Parents name, address, telephone and email address, in addition to thechilds or Ineligible Teenagers name and email address as registered on theSite, plus the childs or Ineligible Teenagers date of birth. The Parent mustalso provide verifiable identification that they are the parent or legal guardianof the child or Ineligible Teenager. TUF will send a confirming email to theParent via the email address provided to verify that the Parent wishes toterminate his or her childs or Ineligible Teenagers account and registration.The Parent must then confirm by sending a reply email to the designated returnaddress. TUF will then terminate the childs or Ineligible Teenagers accountbut will notify the child or Ineligible Teenager of the termination requestvia email and will identify the name, address and email address of the personaking the request.

## 8\. Protection of Information.

While no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure from intrusion,we maintain commercially reasonable physical, electronic and proceduralsafeguards to protect your Information. However, regardless of our effortsand the Device you use to access the Site, it is possible that third partiesmay unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications overan unsecured transmission. We conduct financial transactions via securedtransmissions but may not always secure other parts of the Site. We alsolimit access to the Site by our own employees to those individuals who areauthorized for the proper handling of such information and any employee foundviolating our standards of security and confidentiality will be subject toour disciplinary processes. We request that our operational service providersfollow similar standards of security and confidentiality.

 **Phishing.** Phishing attacks attempt to steal consumers personalidentity data and financial account credentials. Phishers use spoofede-mails to lead consumers to counterfeit websites designed to trick recipientsinto divulging Information such as credit card numbers, account usernames,passwords and social security numbers. **WE DO NOT SEND EMAILS ASKING YOU TO PROVIDE OR CONFIRM CREDIT CARD NUMBERS, SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBERS OR YOUR USERNAME OR PASSWORD!** If you receive such email communication, please forward it immediately tothe Sites Privacy Administrator at [TUF-feedback@TUF.com](mailto:TUF-feedback@TUF.com),and then immediately delete the fraudulent email from your computer.

## 9\. Your California Privacy Rights

If you are a resident of the State of California, we provide you with informationon how to exercise your disclosure choice options such as your right to opt-out(which we may sometimes refer to as _unsubscribe_ ) or opt-in for use of yourPersonal Information by third parties (such as Advertisers) for marketing purposes.Therefore, pursuant to the California Civil Code, we are not required to maintainor disclose a list of the third parties that received your Personal Informationfor marketing purposes during the preceding year.

If you are a California resident and wish to request information about how to exerciseyour third party disclosure choices, please send a request by email to the PrivacyAdministrator at [TUF-feedback@TUF.com](mailto:TUF-feedback@TUF.com) or bypostal mail to Privacy Administrator New SPIKE Digital Entertainment LLC, 2600Colorado Avenue, Santa Monica, California 90404.

 **All requests must be labeled "Your California Privacy Rights" on the email subjectline or envelope or post card.** For all requests, please clearly state that therequest is related to Your California Privacy Rights, include your name, streetaddress, city, state, zip code and e-mail address (your street address is optionalif you wish to receive a response to your request via email) and indicate yourpreference on how our response to your request should be sent (email or postal mail). **We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile.** We are not responsiblefor notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.

## 10\. Changes to this Privacy Policy and Notice.

We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by posting anupdated Privacy Policy without advance notice to you. Such revisions shallbe effective immediately upon posting. Notice of material changes will beposted on the Sites homepage and/or will be provided by e-mailing you ornotifying you upon login about these changes; the form of such notice is atour discretion. However, we encourage you to check this Privacy Policy and[Terms of Use Agreement](https://web.archive.org/footer/terms) often for updates.

## 11\. Miscellaneous.

  1. Accuracy and Confidentiality.It is your responsibility to give us current, complete, truthfuland accurate information, including Personal Information, and to keepsuch information up to date. **We cannot and will not be responsiblefor any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give usaccurate, truthful or complete information or Personal Informationor you fail to update such information or Personal Information.** We will reject and delete any entry that we believe in good faithto be false, fraudulent or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.

You are solely responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of yourUser ID, if applicable, and for any charges, costs, expenses, damages,liabilities and losses we incur or may suffer as a result of your failureto do so. You, and not us, are solely responsible and liable for theactivity, behavior, use and conduct on the Site under your User ID(whether used by you or any others who use your User ID), unless anduntil you notify us that your User ID may have been compromised,misappropriated or improperly taken or used by another party.We reserve the right to deny access, use and registration privileges toany user, including without limitation, a registered user, of any services,features or functions of the Site if we believe there is a question aboutthe identity of the person trying to access the users account or anyservices, features or functions.

Further, if you use any of the Communities features and functions madeavailable on or through the Site, please remember that any Informationdisclosed in these venues is automatically made public and please usecaution when disclosing any Personal Information in the Communities,as you do not know who will access and use your Personal Informationor for what purposes. TUF is in no way responsible for the accuracy,use, or misuse of any information, including Personal Information,that you disclose or receive through these venues and you shouldassume that any disclosure you do make in these venues will beavailable publicly, even without your knowledge or authorization.

  2. Questions.If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or if you do not understandany information about how we collect, maintain, use or share your PersonalInformation or Other Information, you may contact us directly by sending anemail to [TUF-feedback@TUF.com](mailto:TUF-feedback@TUF.com) or pleasecontact our Privacy Administrator at New SPIKE Digital Entertainment LLC, 2600Colorado Avenue, Santa Monica, California 90404., c/o Privacy Administrator.
  3. Sole Statement:This document is the sole statement of the Sites Privacy Policy andno summary, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statementor policy, in any form, including, but not limited to, machine-generated,is valid.
  4. Other:Please review our [Terms of Use Agreement](https://web.archive.org/footer/terms) which governs your use of the Site.Any terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaninggiven in the [Terms of Use Agreement](https://web.archive.org/footer/terms).



This Privacy Policy was last modified on the date indicated above and is effective immediately.Copyright © 2011 New Spike Digital Entertainment LLC, a subsidiary of ViacomInternational Inc. - All Rights Reserved.

 
