> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ultimate-tabs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150607144027id_/http%3A//www.ultimate-tabs.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Ultimate-Tabs

**1\. General:**  The Ultimate-Tabs website resides on servers operated and maintained by or on behalf of Petaxxon USA ("Ultimate-tabs", "we" or "us").

Ultimate-Tabs is committed to protecting your privacy and we take our responsibilities regarding the security of information you provide to us very seriously. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you, as a visitor of [www.ultimate-tabs.com](http://www.ultimate-tabs.com/), what kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit the website, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, the choices you have regarding our use of that information and how you can correct that information. If you have any concerns, questions or comments about this privacy policy or the Ultimate-Tabs website you can contact us by following the instructions set out in paragraph 12 of this privacy policy.

**2\. Ultimate-tabs Use of Information:** In order to make use of certain services provided through The Ultimate-Tabs website such as the forums, blogs, email newsletters, competitions and polls, you will need to sign up to the Newsletter. When you do so, you will provide us with information about yourself and you will be able to select how we use your information for marketing purposes. Our newsletters may contain promotions or advertisements relating to goods or services provided by us or our group companies and associated third parties from time to time. If at any time you wish to unsubscribe from an email newsletter you may do so by informing us via email (contact@ultimate-tabs.com). We will only use your information in accordance with your instructions and as set out in this privacy policy.

If you wish to take part in any poll or survey run through The Ultimate-Tabs website, we will also use your information for the purposes specified in the poll or survey. We may also disclose non-personal, aggregated information we collect through the poll or survey to third parties.

If you wish to take part in any promotion or competition run through The Ultimate-Tabs website, we will also use your information for the purposes specified in the promotion or competition, to make sure you are eligible to enter the promotion or competition, to contact you if you have won a prize and for publicity purposes.

**3\. Disclosure to third parties:** We will only pass your information on to associated third parties for the purpose of enabling them to send you information which may be of interest to you if you have indicated you are happy for us to do so in your marketing preferences. Don’t worry – we only ever pass on your contact details to third parties with your permission.

If any third party is organising and/or managing any promotion, competition, survey or poll run through the Ultimate-Tabs Website on our behalf, we may disclose your information to that third party to enable them to do so but they will be prohibited from using your information for any other purpose, unless you have given them specific consent.

Please note that if you upload or post any information to a public part of The Ultimate-Tabs website, we may use it in accordance with our terms and conditions of use and it may be viewed and used by others.

**4\. Maintenance and storage of information:** Your information is collected and stored on servers which are owned and maintained by or on behalf of Petaxxon USA and its group companies. We may keep your information for a reasonable period for the purposes set out in this privacy policy.

**5\. Forums, chat rooms, blogs, message boards:** Please be aware that when you post public information to any forums, chat rooms, blogs, or message boards on or through The Ultimate-Tabs website, that information can be accessed by the public and used to send you unsolicited communications. Ultimate-Tabs Ltd accepts no responsibility for this.

**6\. Third party sites:** The Ultimate-Tabs website contains links to third party websites. We may, on occasion, disclose non-personal aggregated information to the owners or providers of those third party websites. We link to a wide variety of other websites and we display advertisements from third parties on The Ultimate-Tabs website. We are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of these websites or for third party advertisers, nor for the way in which information about their users is treated. In particular, unless expressly stated, we are not agents for those sites or advertisers nor are we authorised to make representations on their behalf.

**8\. Cookies:** The Ultimate-Tabs website automatically gathers certain information such as IP addresses and the number and frequency of visitors to The Ultimate-Tabs website and individual web pages. This is collected using cookies and is used by us, for security and monitoring purposes, to manage The Ultimate-Tabs website, to track usage, to improve The Ultimate-Tabs website and to ensure The Ultimate-Tabs website is as appealing to visitors as possible. Cookies are pieces of information that are stored by the browser on the hard drive of your computer. The Ultimate-Tabs website also uses cookies to enable us and any person who advertises on The Ultimate-Tabs website to provide features such as remembering certain information about you and your preferences so that we and they can deliver targeted advertisements which will be of most interest to you. Cookies can be deleted from your hard drive or you can configure your web browser so that it rejects cookies. To learn more about cookies and how to reject them, visit [www.aboutcookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/). Rejection of cookies will not prevent you from using most of the features on The Ultimate-Tabs website. If you experience any problems having deleted cookies, you should contact the supplier of your web browser.

We also include web beacons (also known as clear GIFs or web bugs) in our emails to track the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. This means that if you open an email from us we can see which of the pages of our Ultimate-Tabs website you have visited. Our web beacons do not store additional information on your computer but, by communicating with our cookies on your computer, they can tell us when you have opened our email. If you object to web beacons, we recommend that you follow the instructions for deleting existing cookies and disabling future cookies above. We will still know how many of our emails are opened and we will automatically receive your IP address, a unique identifier of your computer or other access device; but we will not identify you as an individual.

**9\. Security:** In accordance with our requirements under the Data Protection Act 1998, we will adopt appropriate security procedures to help prevent unauthorised access to your information. Neither Ultimate-Tabs Ltd nor any of its group companies shall be liable for any attempt to hack or crack or otherwise gain access to any part of this Download Store including any of your information.

**10\. Usage of information:** We may use your information as set out in this privacy policy and in any other manner you expressly consent to us doing so, we may also use your information for any purpose if we are required to do so by any law or other regulatory or government authority, to enforce the terms of use or to enforce our rights, or to protect the safety of others. In particular, we may collect and use personal information for the purposes of investigating and, if necessary, removing any content about which we receive complaint.

**11\. Policy changes:** By using The Ultimate-Tabs website you agree to the terms of this privacy policy and our terms of use. We may amend this privacy policy and the terms of use from time to time. If we do so, we will post an updated version on the FM Store. You will be bound by the new terms upon your continued use of The Ultimate-Tabs website.

**12\. Contact details:** You are entitled to ask for a copy of the information we hold about you and to have any inaccuracies in your information corrected. If you have any general questions about The Ultimate-Tabs website, you can contact us [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20150607144027id_/http%3A//www.ultimate-tabs.com/contact.htm).   
 
