> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ultra.me privacy policy that was archived on 2017-03-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170313141648id_/https%3A//ultramobile.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Ultra Mobile

The following sets forth the Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") of UVNV, Inc. and its Affiliates (collectively, "Ultra Mobile," "we" or "us"), and is incorporated into and made a part of [Ultra Mobile's Plans Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/mobile-plans-terms-and-conditions), [Ultra Mobile's Terms of Use ](https://web.archive.org/site-terms-of-use)and [Ultra Mobile's Terms of Use for Retailers and Distributors](https://secure.ultraagents.com/terms-of-use.html). For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Affiliates" means any entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with UVNV, Inc., where "control" means the ownership of, or the power to vote, at least ten percent (10%) of the voting stock, shares or interests of such entity. 

* * *

##### 1\. Purpose of Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to Ultra Mobile. Accordingly, Ultra Mobile provides these policies so that you understand how Ultra Mobile collects, uses and, in certain circumstances, discloses the information that you provide and/or that is automatically provided to Ultra Mobile as a result of your visiting and using the ultra.me web site or any other website owned and operated by Ultra Mobile (collectively, the "Web site") or purchasing or using Ultra Mobile products or services. This Privacy Policy also explains the steps Ultra Mobile has taken to secure your personal information. Finally, this Privacy Policy explains your options regarding the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information. By visiting the Web site or purchasing or using any Ultra Mobile product or service, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy. Ultra Mobile is not responsible for the content or privacy practices on any third party web site that may be linked to or from the Web site.

Any questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to:

Attn: Privacy Policy Officer  
UVNV, Inc.  
PO Box 28673  
Santa Ana, CA 92799  
Email: [info@ultra.me](mailto:info@ultra.me)

##### 2\. Collection and Use of Personal Information

Personal information is information that identifies or is associated with a specific individual, such as a name, address, email address, or telephone number. Ultra Mobile collects personal information about its customers. The ways in which we collect personal information about you include, but are not limited to, the following:

• Registration and Ordering. Before using certain parts of the Web site or purchasing Ultra Mobile products or services, you must complete an online registration form or provide certain information to Ultra Mobile's representatives. During registration (whether via the Web site or otherwise), you will be prompted to provide to Ultra Mobile certain personal information, which may include, but is not limited to, your name, billing address(es), phone number, port-in phone number, email address, and credit card number. This personal information is used for billing purposes, fulfilling your orders, and communicating with you about your order and the Web site, and for marketing purposes. If Ultra Mobile encounters a problem when processing your order, it will use your personal information to contact you.

• User Submissions. Certain locations of the Web site may permit you to enter your email address and other contact information to receive further information about Ultra Mobile or for other purposes. Your submissions for these purposes are completely voluntary, so you have a choice whether to participate and disclose information to Ultra Mobile. Should you choose to submit information in response to these requests, Ultra Mobile may collect and use your name, email address, geographic location and other information submitted on the Web site to market Ultra Mobile's (including Affiliates') products and services.

• Automatically Generated and Collected Information. In addition to information that you volunteer as described above, the Web site utilizes technologies to collect information and track your user experience. Ultra Mobile will use this information to improve the Web site and user experience. In addition, the Web site automatically recognizes the Internet URL from which you access the Web site and may also log your Internet protocol ("IP") address (which may indicate the location of your computer on the Internet), Internet service provider, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, marketing, and system troubleshooting purposes. In addition, all wireless communication systems know when your phone is turned on and approximately where the device is physically located.

• Information from Third Parties. We may obtain information about you and combine it with your account information. For example, we may receive information from the retailer from whom you purchased an Ultra Mobile product prior to your commencing service with us.

Generally, Ultra Mobile collects the above information for the following purposes: (i) to improve your experience on the Web site; (ii) to improve the products and services that Ultra Mobile sells to consumers; (iii) to communicate with you regarding the Web site; (iv) to market and sell products and services to you and send you information about special offers; (v) to contact you about products or services you have purchased from Ultra Mobile; (vi) to respond to your inquiries; (vii) to manage and develop our business and operations, administer accounts, and collect and process payments; and (viii) if you authorize text messaging, we will use your mobile number to communicate with you about your account and to send marketing text messages to you. If you decide that you no longer wish to receive emails or text messages from Ultra Mobile that you had authorized, you may opt-out of receiving emails and text messages by managing your account preferences on the Web site or by any other reasonable opt-out method available to you. Please note that Ultra Mobile may have to communicate with you about product or service orders that you choose to place. You cannot opt out of receiving product or service-related emails. 

Ultra Mobile will not sell, rent, trade, license or otherwise disclose your specific personal information or financial information to third parties, except that: (1) Ultra Mobile uses third parties to perform specific functions on its behalf and it must disclose information to help those parties perform their services (for example, Ultra Mobile would disclose your name, address and phone number to a commercial carrier such as Federal Express or UPS in order to deliver a physical product that you order); (2) Ultra Mobile must disclose your name and credit card number and information to financial services and credit card processing companies in order to process your orders; (3) Ultra Mobile may be required to disclose such information in response to a legal process, order or investigation (for example, a subpoena or court order); (4) Ultra Mobile may disclose personal information where disclosure is necessary to protect its legal rights or to protect itself or others (for example, in order to reduce the risk of fraud or illegal activities); (5) Ultra Mobile may share such information amongst the Affiliates for the purpose of marketing products and services to you; (6) Ultra Mobile may provide identity verification services to third parties and your personal information may be included in the data transferred to third parties in connection with those services; and (7) Ultra Mobile may acquire, merge with or be acquired by another company or it might sell some or all of its assets, and, in such a case, your personal information may be included in the transferred business assets. Also, in the event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used and your personal information may be included in the transferred assets. Ultra Mobile may sell, rent, trade, license, use and disclose all non-personal information and aggregate information, so long as such information does not personally identify you or any user, to any third party for any purpose, including, but not limited to, research and analytical purposes. 

Under federal law, you have a right, and Ultra Mobile has a duty, to protect the confidentiality of information regarding your telephone use, the services you purchase from us, the calls you place and the location of your device on our network when you make a telephone call. This information is referred to as, among other things, "Customer Proprietary Network Information." We may share Customer Proprietary Network Information with Affiliates; provided, however, that we will first notify you of your rights under applicable law, describe how we intend to use the Customer Proprietary Network Information, and give you an opportunity to opt out of such use (or opt in, to the extent required by applicable law).

##### 3\. Cookies

"Cookies" are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer by a web site for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communications and interaction with that web site. Cookies may possibly be used for such things as: (1) to customize your visitation and shopping experience; (2) to deliver content consistent with your stated interests; (3) to provide you with custom-tailored content; or (4) to save your password in password-protected areas. The use of cookies is an industry standard — you will find them at most major web sites. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. However, it is possible that some parts of the Web site will not function properly if you do so. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your email address or other personal information unless you choose to provide this information to us. However, once you choose to furnish the Web site with personal information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. We use cookies to understand usage of the Web site and to improve the content and offerings on our Web site. In addition, we may utilize web beacons to recognize you when you visit the Web site. We may also use other technologies, currently available or which may become available in the future, to provide us with other important anonymous information regarding the use of our Web site.  


##### 4\. Security

We take precautions and have implemented certain technical measures intended to protect against unauthorized access to, disclosure of, and unlawful interception of personal information submitted via the Web site, including Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL") for all financial transactions through the Web site. However, your communications containing personal information may be unlawfully intercepted or accessed by third parties and/or the Web site may be subject to network attacks or malfunctions. We cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information transmitted over the Internet. Once we receive your personal information, we take steps that we believe are reasonable to limit access to your personal information to only those employees and service providers whom we determine need access to the personal information to provide the requested products, services, offers or opportunities that may be of interest to you or that you have ordered, or that we otherwise disclose in accordance with Section 2 above. However, even after we receive your personal information, we cannot and do not guarantee that your personal information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed as a result of a breach of our security efforts or as a result of any other event beyond our reasonable control. Accordingly, we cannot and do not guarantee that your personal information or any other information is completely secure and safe from any risk.

##### 5\. Opt Out and Corrections

Upon your request, Ultra Mobile will: (a) correct or update your personal information; (b) stop sending emails to your email address; (c) stop sending text messages to your mobile phone number; (d) stop sending mail (including promotional materials) to your mailing address; and/or (d) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account. You may make these updates / changes yourself by managing your account preferences on the Web site or by any other reasonable account update mechanism available to you. You may also send your requests to: Attn: Customer Service, UVNV, Inc., PO Box 28673, Santa Ana, CA 92799, Email [info@ultra.me](mailto:%20info@ultra.me). Please do not email your credit card number or other sensitive information. Please note that Ultra Mobile may have to communicate with you about product or service orders that you choose to place. Accordingly, you cannot opt out of receiving product or service-related emails or mailings.

##### 6\. Ability to Accept Terms

You affirm that you are at least 18 years of age, and are fully able and competent to enter into and accept the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy.

##### 7\. Revisions

From time to time, we may revise the Privacy Policy. Your use of the Website or any Ultra Mobile product or service following the posting of any revised Privacy Policy shall be deemed acceptance of the revised policy, so we recommend that you check the Privacy Policy periodically. If you disagree with the terms of the Privacy Policy at any time, your sole remedy is to terminate your use of the Website and all Ultra Mobile products and services. Continued use of the Website or any Ultra Mobile product or service constitutes your agreement to any Privacy Policy as in effect.

##### 8\. Severability

If any part of the Privacy Policy is determined to be invalid or unenforceable by any arbitrator, court of competent jurisdiction or applicable law, the parties intend that such provision be amended and construed in a manner designed to effectuate the purposes of the provision to the fullest extent permitted by law.
