> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ticketmaster.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060617185512id_/http%3A//www.ticketmaster.com/h/privacy.html%3Ftm_link%3Dtm_home_i_pp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Ticketmaster - Help

We have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting information you submit. This privacy policy only applies to transactions made, and data gathered, on the Ticketmaster.com or Ticketmaster.ca web site (both sites, including but not limited to the TicketExchange portions of the sites, collectively, the "Site"), and does not apply to any other transactions, information, web site or Internet, telephone or offline point of contact between Ticketmaster and you or other consumers (subject to the paragraph below entitled "Special Provisions Regarding Canadian Call Centres and Customers" which applies to telephone calls made to Ticketmaster Canada Ltd. telephone call centres and contains additional policies applicable to customers that register on the Site using Canadian postal codes). Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may update it from time to time. This privacy policy was last revised on May 30, 2006. Each time you visit the Site or provide us with information, by doing so you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy at that time. You agree that by using the Site you are expressly and affirmatively consenting to our use and disclosure of the information that you provide, and consenting to receive emails, as described below in this privacy policy. 

**Who We Are**  
When we say "we" or "Ticketmaster" in this privacy policy, we mean Ticketmaster, a Delaware corporation, and those Ticketmaster subsidiaries used to provide ticketing services in the United States and Canada that operate primarily under the "Ticketmaster" brand name (i.e., not those ticketing companies operating under other brand names such as TicketWeb or Admission). Accordingly, all information we receive may be shared among the different parts of Ticketmaster in connection with Ticketmaster's operations, and all information that is subject to this privacy policy will be used in accordance with this privacy policy by all parts of Ticketmaster. However, "Ticketmaster" does not include the subsidiaries and businesses of Ticketmaster that are not in the business of providing ticketing services in the United States or Canada (such as Match.com, Citysearch and Evite), does not include subsidiaries and businesses of Ticketmaster that operate primarily under a brand name other than "Ticketmaster" (such as TicketWeb, ReserveAmerica and Admission), and does not include Ticketmaster's other (i.e., non-subsidiary) affiliated companies (such as HSN and LendingTree). Companies that are not part of Ticketmaster (such as Match.com and HSN and companies that are not affiliated with Ticketmaster) are referred to in this privacy policy as "others," "other companies" or "third parties." 

**Information We Collect From You**  
In order to operate the Site and provide you with information on products and services that may be of interest to you, we may collect "contact information" (i.e., information that could be used to contact you such as full name, postal address, phone number and email address as well as your computer's unique IP address (if any)), "financial information" (i.e., passwords, credit and debit card numbers and bank and other financial institution account numbers) and "demographic information" (e.g., zip code, postal code, hometown, gender, purchase history information, posting and sales information and age as well as IP addresses that are not unique to your computer) from you. Please note that nowhere on the Site do we knowingly collect contact information or financial information from children under the age of 13. 

**How We Use Contact Information; Responsibility**

**Order and Payment Processing, Customer Service, Credit Card Issuers and Quality Assurance.** We use contact information to help us efficiently perform transactions, to deliver the services you have requested, to perform quality assurance, sales analyses and other business analyses, and to contact you in connection with events for which you order, post or sell tickets (including event confirmations, changes and cancellations). In some cases we may use service providers to help us perform some of these tasks, including, but not limited to, processing or fulfilling your orders, or performing customer service, business analyses or quality control, and consequently we may share your contact information with these service providers. In such cases, we often require these service providers to enter into agreements with us regarding the confidential handling of your information. We may also provide your contact information to your credit card issuer or to credit card processors for their purposes. When you make a purchase through the Site, or register with the Site, you will provide us with an email address where we, or these service providers, may contact you for the purposes described in this paragraph. 

**Contacting You for Offers and Promotions.** After you provide us with an email address in connection with ordering or trying to sell tickets through the Site or registering with the Site, or in connection with any Special Offers as described below, you may visit the "My Account" section of the Site, where you will be given the opportunity to tell us not to use that email address to send you promotional emails (if you register with Ticketmaster.ca and indicate that you reside in Canada or any country other than the United States, or if you register with Ticketmaster.com and indicate that you reside in Canada, please see "Special Provisions Regarding Canadian Call Centres and Customers" below). "Promotional emails" are emails that are sent solely for promotional purposes. By submitting an email address to us, you agree that Ticketmaster (on behalf of itself or on behalf of others) may send promotional emails to that email address until such time that you so indicate your preference not to receive them. Because many consumers like to receive some, but not all, types of promotional emails, "My Account" provides you with the opportunity to choose which types of promotional emails you do not want to receive. Please note that if you ask not to receive promotional emails from Ticketmaster, you may still receive promotional emails during the next 72 hour period (as it may take some time for your preferences to be updated throughout our computer systems), you may still receive non-promotional emails from Ticketmaster, and you may still receive emails from certain others (including, but not limited to, Event Providers (defined below)); please read the rest of this privacy policy to learn how others may contact you. 

**Providing Event Providers with Contact Information.** Ticketmaster sells tickets on behalf of others; it does not produce or otherwise bring you events. Venues, promoters, artists' representatives and fan clubs, teams, leagues and others ("Event Providers") are involved in, produce and bring you events. When you use Ticketmaster to order or try to sell tickets (or to register while attempting to order or sell Tickets), instead of providing your information directly to Event Providers, you provide your contact information to Ticketmaster who may then pass that information on to the Event Providers on your behalf-in fact, when you bid in an auction or order, or try to sell tickets, or register to bid in an auction or to try to order or sell tickets through Ticketmaster, you consent for us to provide your email address and other information to the Event Providers. Also, when you elect to receive alerts regarding a specific Event Provider, we may share your email address with that Event Provider. Sharing information with Event Providers will allow Event Providers to contact you using the email address or other contact information you provided. If, before we provide your contact information to an Event Provider, you request not to receive promotional emails from Ticketmaster, then we will pass that request on to the Event Provider (unless you register with Ticketmaster.ca and indicate you are a resident of Canada or a country other than the United States or register with Ticketmaster.com and indicate that you are a resident of Canada, as further described in "Special Provisions Regarding Canadian Call Centres and Customers" below). Nonetheless, because Event Providers are not part of Ticketmaster, Event Providers are not subject to this privacy policy and may still use your contact information to communicate with you by sending emails or through other means, and may share your contact information with others. If you want to learn about a particular Event Provider's privacy policies, or you do not want to receive communications from a particular Event Provider, or you have other questions, instructions or concerns to which you would like an Event Provider to respond, then you must contact that Event Provider directly. Also, you may contact an Event Provider directly to learn whether you may purchase tickets to the Event Provider's event anonymously (i.e., without having that Event Provider receive your contact information) by purchasing tickets directly through the Event Provider's box office using cash instead of purchasing through Ticketmaster. Alternatively, you may purchase tickets at a Ticketmaster in-store outlet and not provide any contact information. 

**Providing Merchants with Contact Information.** In addition to selling event tickets on the Site, Ticketmaster may sell other goods or services, allow you to make reservations, or allow you to participate in (or register for) contests, sweepstakes or other offers or programs (such as discount or rewards programs, magazine subscriptions, hotel bookings or cruises) on the Site. Typically, these goods, services, contests, sweepstakes or other offers or programs ("Special Offers") for which you make purchases, orders or reservations, or for which you participate in or register, are provided by third parties ("Merchants"). Consequently, if you elect to engage in a Merchant's Special Offer, Ticketmaster may provide that Merchant with your contact information - in fact, when you elect to engage in a Merchant's Special Offer you consent for us to provide your email address and other information to that Merchant. Because Merchants are not part of Ticketmaster, Merchants are not subject to this privacy policy and may use your contact information to communicate with you by sending emails or through other means, and may share your contact information with others. If you want to learn about a particular Merchant's privacy policies, or you do not want to receive communications from a particular Merchant, or you have other questions, instructions or concerns to which you would like a Merchant to respond, then you must contact that Merchant directly. 

**Divulging Your Contact Information for Legal and Administrative Reasons.** We may disclose specific contact information when we determine that such disclosure will be helpful to comply with law, to cooperate with or seek assistance from law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of Ticketmaster or other visitors to the Site or users of services or products provided by Ticketmaster or to take part with others in joint anti-fraud activities. Also, your contact information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets, or a bankruptcy, of Ticketmaster. 

**Providing Non-Ticketmaster Affiliates with Contact Information.** We may also share your contact information with our Non-Ticketmaster Affiliates (defined below), but each Non-Ticketmaster Affiliate who receives your contact information will comply with the terms of this privacy policy with respect to its use and disclosure of the contact information we share with it, unless the Non-Ticketmaster Affiliate is also receiving it because it is an Event Provider or Merchant as described above (in which case it will not be required to comply with this privacy policy with respect to its use or disclosure of such information). When we say "Non-Ticketmaster Affiliates" we mean Ticketmaster's subsidiaries, parents and affiliates (and businesses owned by Ticketmaster and such companies) that are not part of Ticketmaster (please see the above paragraph entitled "Who We Are" to see how "Ticketmaster" is defined). Examples of Non-Ticketmaster Affiliates include, but are not limited to, Match.com, HSN, LendingTree and TicketWeb. 

**Other Instances where Contact Information may be Shared.** If you are opted out of receiving all promotional emails, then we will not share your contact information with unaffiliated third parties, unless we are otherwise permitted to under this privacy policy (for example, we will still be permitted to share your contact information with Event Providers or Merchants but only to the extent permitted above). If you do not opt out of receiving all promotional emails, then we may share your contact information if we believe it makes business sense. These third parties may communicate directly with you about their products and services. 

**Responsibility.** Ticketmaster will not be responsible or otherwise liable for any use or disclosure of your contact information by a third party to whom Ticketmaster is allowed to disclose your contact information under this privacy policy. 

**Disclosure of Contact Information if you are a State-Licensed Seller Reselling Through TicketExchange. If you try to resell a ticket through TicketExchange** and you register as a licensed reseller (i.e., instead of as an individual seller), in certain circumstances we may disclose your contact information via a public posting on the TicketExchange web site. 

**How We Use Financial Information; Responsibility**  
We use your financial information to check your qualifications, to help us efficiently perform sales and other transactions on the Site, to deliver the goods and services you have requested, to enroll you in the discount, rebate and other programs in which you elect to participate and to perform quality assurance. In some cases we may use, and consequently we may provide to service providers, your financial information to help us perform some of these tasks. In such cases, we will require these service providers to enter into agreements with us regarding the confidential handling of your information. We may also provide your financial information to your credit card issuer, financial institutions or credit card processors to process transactions and for their other purposes. We may provide your financial information to Event Providers, primarily for facilitating "will call" ticket pick up, dispute resolution and customer service at the event venue on the date of the event, and may provide your financial information to those Merchants who are providing you with the goods, services or reservations you purchase or order, or who are administering the offers or programs you enter through this Site (or you enter through another site after clicking on a link on this Site promoting such an offer or program). 

We may disclose specific financial information when we determine that such disclosure may be helpful to comply with law, to cooperate with or seek assistance from law enforcement to protect the interests or safety of Ticketmaster or other visitors to the Site or users of services or products provided by Ticketmaster or to take part with others in joint antifraud activities. Also, your financial information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets, or a bankruptcy, of Ticketmaster. 

Ticketmaster will not be responsible or otherwise liable for any use or disclosure of your financial information by a third party to whom Ticketmaster is allowed to disclose your financial information under this privacy policy. 

**How We Use Demographic Information**  
We may use your demographic information to perform business analyses or to tailor the Site and communications to your interests. We may share anonymous, aggregated (grouped) demographic information with advertisers and other third parties so that they can tailor their advertisements and communications to the appropriate audience. Any time that we are allowed under this privacy policy to share your contact information or financial information, we may also share your demographic information along with it. 

**Information Other Web Sites Collect From You**  
On the Site, we place links to other web sites operated by other parties. Some of these other web sites contain our brand names and trademarks and other intellectual property that we own; others do not. When you click on these links and visit these other web sites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we do not control these other web sites or these other web sites' business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to these other web sites. Consequently, the operators of these other web sites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the Site. We encourage you to review their privacy policies and remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions. 

**Your IP Address**  
Like most e-commerce websites, each time you visit the Site, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. In order to administer and optimize the Site for you and to diagnose problems with our Site, we use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you. 

**Cookies**  
Like most websites, the Site uses cookies to help it keep track of your purchases and other activity on the Site and enhance your experience on the Site. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to facilitate the retrieval of information so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site. On the Site, others may place or read cookies on your browser as well. If you wish to disable these cookies, the "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how. However, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas or features of the Site. 

**Our Security Precautions; Geographic Location of Information**  
The Site has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We use secure socket layer (SSL) technology to help protect the security of commerce transactions. We encrypt your contact information and financial information as it travels over the Internet and we store your financial information on our servers in encrypted form. Your information may be transferred to and maintained in whole or in part on computer networks which may be located outside of the state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction in which you reside, and may be stored on equipment or in facilities leased or licensed from third parties. 

**Public Areas**  
The Site may provide you with the opportunity to post information for display in areas of the site that are accessible to viewing by the general public ("public areas"), including, but not limited to, bulletin boards, chat rooms and user-submitted concert or other event reviews. This privacy policy does not apply to any information that you submit for use in public areas. We ask that you do not submit any contact information or financial information for display in public areas, as other people who use the Site will see it. If you submit such information for display in public areas, Ticketmaster cannot prevent it from being used in a manner that violates the law, your personal privacy or your safety. By submitting such information for display in public areas, you assume the risks and sole liability arising as a result of such information being displayed. 

**How You Can Access and Update Your Email Preferences, Contact Information and other My Account Information; Deleting Information**  
You may click on the Site's My Account link and follow the instructions to modify information you have previously provided to us or to indicate (in greater detail) which types of promotional emails you want (or do not want) to receive from us. Emails that we send you may also have links to the Site's My Account section. If you would like to delete a My Account account that contains your information, please contact customer service. Please note that deleting your account on My Account will not delete all of your contact information or other information contained on our systems, as much or all of this information will be retained to preserve records of our commercial relationship with you. Further, certain information may have already been provided to third parties as described above. 

Please note that changing information through your My Account profile, or otherwise opting-out of receipt of email communications from Ticketmaster and third parties (other than Event Providers or others for whom you cannot use the Site to cause an opt-out to be effective as stated above) will only change the data reflected in My Account for purposes of transacting future business on the Site and for managing future communications from Ticketmaster. If Ticketmaster has already provided your information to a third party before you have changed it on My Account, then it is possible that the third party will not receive an update of the information reflecting the change. 

**How to Contact Us Regarding Privacy; Notice**  
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy or would like to contact us regarding the information you have submitted to us, you can contact us at the following addresses: 

To contact us from the United States or anywhere other than Canada: 

  * By email: [legal@ticketmaster.com](mailto:legal@ticketmaster.com)  

  * By Mail:  
Privacy Officer  
c/o Legal Department   
Ticketmaster, L.L.C.  
8800 Sunset Blvd.  
West Hollywood, CA 90069 



To contact us from Canada: 

  * By email: [legal@ticketmaster.ca](mailto:legal@ticketmaster.ca)
  * By Mail:  
Privacy Officer  
c/o Legal Department   
Ticketmaster Canada Ltd.  
Suite 3900  
1 Blue Jays Way  
Toronto, Ontario M5V 1J3 



If you wish to exercise a legal right that you may have under California law to learn whether we have disclosed your personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes, please send a letter to the Privacy Officer at the California address listed above requesting to know the type of such information we shared and the kinds of companies with whom we have shared it for such purposes, and we will tell you. If, to the extent required by law or otherwise, we notify you that the security of the information you submit has been compromised, then you agree that we may give you such notice by email instead of by regular mail. 

**Special Provisions Regarding Canadian Call Centres and Customers**  
This privacy policy also applies to transactions made, and data gathered, by Ticketmaster Canada Ltd. telephone call centres in connection with selling tickets to Canada-based events (and associated goods and services) ("Canadian Call Centres"). All information you provide to our Canadian Call Centres may be used and disclosed in the same way that the information you provide to the Site may be used and disclosed by us under this privacy policy or by any third party to whom Ticketmaster is not prohibited (under this privacy policy) from disclosing your information (including, but not limited to, being used in connection with contacting you). Also, if you provide an email address when placing an order through a Canadian Call Centre, then you agree that we may use that email address in order to send you promotional emails and may provide it to Event Providers. 

If you register with Ticketmaster.ca and indicate that you reside in Canada or a country other than the United States, or you register with Ticketmaster.com and indicate that you reside in Canada, then we will provide you with a check box for you to opt in to receive promotional emails from Ticketmaster. Event Providers may still communicate with you, however, regardless of whether or not you opt-in to receive further promotional emails, and it is possible that in most cases we may not share with them whether or not you have elected to receive promotional emails from us. 
