> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ticketmaster.co.nz privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080620081222id_/http%3A//www.ticketmaster.co.nz/h/privacy.html%3Ftm_link%3Dtm_home_i_pp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Ticketmaster - Help

This Privacy Policy applies to the services offered by Ticketmaster NZ Limited as agent for Venues and Presenters through its entire distribution network. Ticketmaster is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. The following Privacy Policy explains our practices in relation to information you provide to us. Ticketmaster's privacy policy is based on the Information Privacy Principles in the Privacy Act 1993 and on company policies to protect personal information. Further information on your rights can be found on The New Zealand Privacy Commissioner's website at www.privacy.org.nz. 

**1\. Collection of Your Information:** Ticketmaster collects personal information about you when you complete transactions from a Ticketmaster distribution point. Ticketmaster distribution points include, but are not limited to, the Ticketmaster web site, Call Centre, Ticket Centre/Outlet Network, Groups Department, mail, facsimile and box offices.

**2\. Use and Disclosure of Your Information:** The personal information collected by Ticketmaster is used to ensure that the tickets or goods you purchase are delivered to you and that you are advised of any possible changes/cancellations that may occur. Ticketmaster collect personal financial information, such as credit card details, to confirm your identity and bill you for products and services. We will not share your personal information with third parties without your prior consent. When you make a purchase from a Ticketmaster distribution point your consent is required to provide your personal information to those third parties necessary to process your transactions with us, such as credit card companies and the companies that handle shipping on our behalf. Ticketmaster may also pass your contact details on to Venues and Presenters to keep you informed of future events via direct marketing. You will be asked at the time of booking if you would like to receive this information. You may also change this choice in the future by contacting us with this request although it may also be necessary to contact any other organisations (Venues & Presenters) which have obtained your information to indicate your choice at this stage. Ticketmaster will not use or disclose your personal information in any way, other than that disclosed in this policy.

**3\. Changing and accessing the Information we have about you:** Ticketmaster uses its best endeavours to ensure that the information it obtains is accurate, complete and up to date. You may access or change information that Ticketmaster has collected about you by placing your request in writing and sending your request to us. Ticketmaster can be contact at:

email : [privacy@ticketmaster.co.nz](mailto:privacy@ticketmaster.co.nz) or via mail: **Ticketmaster NZ Limited** Ticketmaster NZ PO BOX 106443 Auckland 

**4\. Data Security:** Ticketmaster will endeavour to take all reasonable steps to keep secure any information that we hold about you. Ticketmaster has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our secure server software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address. Please note also that Ticketmaster may use the overseas facilities of Ticketmaster Corporation to process or back up its information. As a result, we transfer and store your personal information to our overseas facilities. Ticketmaster Corporation abides by this Ticketmaster privacy policy and the Information Privacy Principles.

**Ticketmaster web site** \- www.ticketmaster.co.nz

**5\. Content which you post to chat rooms and message boards:** The Ticketmaster web site provides users at various times with services such as chat rooms, forums, message boards, and news groups. Please remember that any information you disclose in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. Your IP address: We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather demographic information about you.

**6\. Our use of specific technologies:** Our web site uses cookies to keep track of what you have purchased. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to your computer's hard disk for record keeping purposes. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our web site, and for other purposes relating to your transactions on the web site. Cookies also help us estimate our number of users and determine overall traffic patterns through our web site. If you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to refuse cookies. However, this may mean you will not be able to order tickets or take full advantage of Ticketmaster's services. We may also use other technologies such as web bugs to help us collect information about your usage of our website. Any information we collect is subject to this privacy policy.

**7\. Ticketmaster and links to other web sites:** Ticketmaster provides links to web sites outside of the Ticketmaster service. These linked sites are not under the control of Ticketmaster, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of companies linked to our web site. Before disclosing your personal information on any other web site, we advise you to examine the privacy policies of those web sites.

**Future changes**

Ticketmaster aims to be a leading provider of online entertainment services. As a result, our business undergoes constant change and development as we introduce new services and features to our web site. From time to time, because of this, our policies will be reviewed and may be revised. Ticketmaster reserves the right to change its privacy policy at any time and notify you by posting an updated version of the policy on its web site. Your continued use of the web site indicates that you accept the policy in place at that time. Please note that in the event of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy or similar corporate reorganisation we may transfer personal information to another corporate entity. In the event that this occurs, your personal information will in every other respect remain under the same privacy policy.
