> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ticketleap.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110528222232id_/http%3A//www.ticketleap.com/info/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TicketLeap Privacy Policy - The leading social ticketing platform.

Last Updated: April 29, 2011

  * What Information We Collect and How We Do It
  * Collection of Information You Provide Voluntarily
  * Automatic Collection of Information
  * How We Use Your Information
  * How We Share Your Information
  * Your Postings
  * Visiting Our Site from Outside the United States
  * Our Security Precautions
  * Access to Your Personally Identifiable Information
  * Your California Privacy Rights
  * Children's Privacy
  * Third-Party Links
  * Contact Information



Welcome to the TicketLeap.com website, which is owned and operated by TicketLeap, Inc. ("TicketLeap," "We," "Us," or "Our"). We have created this Privacy Policy for the benefit of the users ("You" or "Your") of Our TicketLeap.com website (the "Site"), to demonstrate our serious commitment to protecting Your privacy. Our users include potential patrons of events listed on the Site as well as "Event Affiliates," by which We mean the event venue and the promoter or organizer of an event, as well as their authorized third-party service providers. The following information summarizes how TicketLeap collects, uses and discloses information on and through the Site, as well as any other information You provide to us over the Internet or through our mobile applications. This Privacy Policy also applies to any offline contact that You have with Us or Our office, such as over the telephone, but does NOT apply to information collected from our employees and contractors. Finally, this Privacy Policy applies to information about third-party individuals collected by Us from Our Site users. 

Please review this Privacy Policy periodically as We may update it from time to time. When We make changes, we will revise the "Last Updated" date at the top of the Privacy Policy and post the changed policy on the Site. If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy or in how TicketLeap will use Your personally identifiable information, We will usually notify You by prominently posting a notice of such changes here or on Our home page, or by sending you an e-mail. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Your provision of any information on or through the Site following any such change will constitute Your consent to the collection, disclosure and use of such information in accordance with the changed policy. Accordingly, we encourage You to review this Privacy Policy whenever You visit the Site in order to familiarize Yourself with the most recent version. 

#### What Information We Collect and How We Do It

Information can generally be collected in two ways: (1) information that is knowingly and voluntarily input into Our system directly by You in response to particular prompts or fields, or that is otherwise knowingly and voluntarily provided by You (such as in an e-mail); and (2) information that is collected automatically when You use the Site. 

Some information can be "personally identifiable." We use the term "personally identifiable" information to mean any type of information which could be utilized to identify or be readily associated with You. Examples of personally identifiable information we collect include, but are not limited to, Your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, or any combination thereof. We also collect a sub-category of personally identifiable information that we call financial information. Financial information includes passwords, credit/debit card numbers, bank and other account numbers, and bank routing information. In order to operate Our Site and provide You with information on events and services that may be of interest to You, We collect personally identifiable information (including financial information) as well as demographic  information (e.g. zip code, hometown, gender, purchase history, and age) from You. Please note that, in some instances as described below, We treat financial information differently from how We treat other types of personally identifiable information.

#### Collection of Information You Provide Voluntarily

Whenever You are prompted by the Site or mobile applications to complete forms, provide payment information, and make choices, for example, and You choose to do so, You are voluntarily providing information to Us. This information may or may not be personally identifiable, depending upon what You are asked to provide. You may also choose to voluntarily submit information to Us when you communicate with Us by e-mail or telephone. For Your own security and protection, You should not send personally identifiable information through unencrypted e-mail, particularly information that You deem to be sensitive or confidential (such as financial information).

When You choose to access or connect to the Site through Facebook or another social networking website, certain information ("Social Web Information") may be collected by Us. Social Web Information includes, but is not limited to, Your Facebook (or other social networking site) connect credentials, information that You authorize the site to share with Us though permissions like http://developers.facebook.com/images/devsite/auth-dialog-example.png, and e-mail account information. Social Web Information may also include personally identifiable information about other individuals that Our users authorize and provide to Us. For example, to help You connect to friends and contacts You may want to use Our service with (as well as to improve our service and fight fraud), We may allow You to import data, such as your e-mail contacts, from a variety of social networking sites and e-mail service providers. However, TicketLeap does not evade or circumvent personal privacy settings on Facebook or any other site. 

TicketLeap may also receive names and contact information (such as e-mail addresses) relating to other individuals when an Event Affiliate uploads a list to the Site. When You choose to provide Us with Social Web Information consisting of personally identifiable information about other individuals, or (if You are an Event Affiliate) if You upload a list containing contact information, We and Our service providers may communicate with these individuals in order to offer them products or services that may be of interest to them, and may also use this information for other purposes for which personally identifiable information may be used as described in this Privacy Policy. 

#### Automatic Collection of Information

Certain information is collected automatically from You when You interact with the Site. This can be done through the use of software or other automated processes that Our Site uses. However, TicketLeap does NOT use such automated processes to collect personally identifiable information such as Your name, contact information or financial information from You, and we do not permit third parties (e.g. advertising networks) to use automated processes to collect personally identifiable information on the Site.

Our Site, like many websites on the Internet, uses "cookies." A cookie is a small text file automatically placed on Your computer's web browser that is used to recognize users who have previously visited the Site. In general, these cookies are either persistent and may reside on Your computer for several months or longer after You last accessed the Site (unless You delete or otherwise dispose of them), or they may be more temporary in nature. Our Site generally uses persistent cookies but may also use temporary cookies called "session cookies," which are stored for a single user session on the Site and are deleted as soon as the user's browser is shut down. 

We use cookies for purposes that include, but are not limited to, keeping track of Your purchases and other activities on the Site, delivering content specific to Your interests, saving Your password, and if You choose, saving other personal and financial information so You do not have to re-enter it each time You visit the Site. We do this to enhance Your experience on Our Site and to make it as easy to use as possible.

Third-party advertisers and advertising networks on the Site may also place their own cookies on Your browser and collect information directly from You in this manner, although they do not have access to cookies set by the Site. These third party cookies are set to, among other things, help deliver advertisements to You that You might be interested in (both on our Site and other websites that you may visit in the future), to prevent you from seeing the same advertisements too many times and to conduct research regarding the usefulness of certain advertisements to You. The use of these cookies and other automated technologies by such third parties to collect information are governed by each third party's specific privacy policy, not this one. While We may use a variety of companies to serve advertisements on the Site, You may wish to visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp>, which provides information regarding the "opt-out" procedures of certain third party ad servers We may use.

If you do not wish to accept cookies, you can usually set your browser to decline them, and if You wish to delete or disable cookies previously placed on your computer, the "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell You how to do so. Please note, however, that if You choose to set Your browser to decline, delete or disable cookies, You may not be able to access certain areas of Our Site.

Like most websites, each time You visit the Site, We automatically collect Your "internet protocol" ("IP") address (and the website address that directed You to Us, when applicable). An IP address is a unique series of numbers that identifies each computer connected to the Internet. An IP address can be used to provide information such as the date and time of a user's visit, the availability of certain requested files, the popularity of various website functions, and the amount of information transmitted to each user from a site. Presently, We use Your IP address to help identify You, to gather demographic information, to note the frequency of Your visits to this Site and to determine the frequency with which certain pages and functions of the Site are accessed. This allows Us to improve the Site's functionality and to diagnose problems. 

In addition to cookies, We or Our service providers may use web beacons, pixels and similar technologies on our Site and in e-mail messages or newsletters. These tiny electronic images can be used to assist Us in determining how many users have visited certain pages or opened messages or newsletters. However, We do NOT use these images to collect personally identifiable information. 

Finally, We may also use automated processes to collect statistical information about the behavior of visitors to the Site on an aggregated, anonymous basis, i.e., that does not identify You as the subject or source of the information.

#### How We Use Your Information

TicketLeap uses Your information (whether personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable) solely for the purposes stated in this Privacy Policy. We require Our employees and service providers who may access Your personally identifiable information to respect Your privacy as set out in this Privacy Policy. 

#### TicketLeap uses Your information to:

  * process Your transactions and deliver the products and services that You have requested (for example, We use Your financial information to bill You for products and services and to enable You to participate in discount, rebate, and similar programs in which You choose to participate); 
  * provide customer support;
  * solicit feedback;
  * send You offers that You have opted in to receive;
  * perform research and analysis about Your use of, or interest in, Our products, services or content, or products, services or content offered by others;
  * communicate with You about products or services that may be of interest to You either from Us or third parties (e.g. discounts, special events and exclusive deals); 
  * develop and display content and advertising (such as targeted ads) tailored to Your interests on Our Site and other webistes:
  * verify Your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with promotions, contests and sweepstakes; 
  * enforce [**Our Terms of Service**](https://web.archive.org/info/terms/); 
  * protect TicketLeap, Our Event Affiliates, our Site, Our customers and/or other users, and other third parties from fraud, hacking or other harm;
  * cooperate with legal, criminal or regulatory investigations or proceedings; 
  * provide You with newsletters, RSS feeds, or other communications or services which You have signed up for or otherwise agreed to receive; 
  * send account-or transaction-related communications such as welcome letters and transaction confirmations. We may also send You surveys and marketing communications to inform You of new products or services or other information or offers that may be of interest, and/or updates about TicketLeap or the Site. These surveys, marketing communications, or updates may come from TicketLeap or Our service providers. If You do not wish to continue to receive surveys, marketing communications or updates, You may indicate this preference by following the "unsubscribe" or "opt-out" instructions included within each e-mail communication. Please keep in mind that, even if You choose not to receive these e-mail communications, You may continue to receive transactional or account communications (e.g., confirmation emails and notices of event changes and cancellations) and other communications which are required or permitted by applicable law. Also, opting-out or changing Your e-mail preferences on the Site will only affect future e-mail communications from Us or on Our behalf and will not affect e-mails from Event Affiliates or other unaffiliated third parties who may have already received Your information. If you wish to stop receiving marketing e-mails from an Event Affiliate or other third party, you will need to contact them directly.



#### How We Share Your Information

We only share your personally identifiable information with third parties as specifically described below. We also will NEVER make Your financial information available to Event Affiliates or third-party marketers except in connection with a particular event or transaction you have specifically requested.

When You purchase a ticket or complete a registration form to any event listed on Our Site, Your name and contact information and financial information may be shared with Event Affiliates, such as the event venue and the promoter or organizer of the event, as well as with their authorized third-party service providers. We do this in order to process Your ticket purchases and enable You to participate in discount, rebate, and similar programs which You have chosen. Depending on Our ticketing service arrangements with particular Event Affiliates, We may also share Your financial information with them for purposes of dispute resolution and customer service at the venue on, before or after the date of the event. This sharing of Your financial information may be necessary in order for You to gain admittance to the event and for identification verification purposes or otherwise to resolve any problems that occur while at the event. Such sharing of financial and other personally identifiable information with Event Affiliates is a necessary part of providing You the ticketing services You have requested from Us when You respond to an event listing made by an Event Affiliate on Our Site. **By purchasing a ticket or completing a registration form on the Site, you hereby consent to such sharing.** As You are a patron of the Event Affiliate's event, and TicketLeap acts solely to facilitate ticketing services for that event, You should be aware that Event Affiliates may use Your information in accordance with their own privacy policies; for example, they may use Your personally identifiable information to contact You or to market products or services to you, and may share Your personally identifiable information with others. TicketLeap has no control over such sharing and use of Your personally identifiable information. Accordingly, please make sure You review each Event Affiliate's privacy policy and contact them directly to instruct them as to Your preferences for their sharing and use of Your personally identifiable information.

Please be aware that for certain events listed on Our Site, the Event Affiliate collects payment for tickets directly and thus TicketLeap does not collect Your financial information. In these circumstances, financial information collected from You by the Event Affiliate or its payment application provider is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and the Event Affiliate and/or its payment application provider have exclusive responsibility for how such financial information is used.

From time to time, where permitted by applicable law, We may share Your personally identifiable information (but not Your financial information) and automatically collected information about You with reputable direct marketers so that they may offer products and services which We hope will be of interest to You. Please see the section below entitled "Access to Your Personally Identifiable Information" for detailed information on Your choices regarding Your personally identifiable information. 

In addition, We may disclose Your personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information to Our agents, contractors and service providers who are engaged to perform functions on Our behalf (such as processing of payments, provision of data storage, hosting of Our website, marketing of Our products and services, conducting audits, and performing web analytics). For example, in order to process transactions and payments on the Site, We will share Your personally identifiable information with providers of credit and debit card processing services and payment applications, and other agents, representatives, contractors, vendors and service providers, so they can provide Us with support services such as authorization of credit and debit card transactions, order and ticket fulfillment, and promotional fulfillment. These third party contractors and service providers shall be permitted to obtain only the personally identifiable information they need to provide the service.

We may also disclose Your personally identifiable information to third parties when We believe, in good faith and in Our sole discretion, that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) enforce or apply [**Our Terms of Service**](https://web.archive.org/info/terms/), including investigation of potential violations thereof, (b) comply with legal or regulatory requirements or cooperate with a law enforcement or regulatory investigation, (c) protect the rights, property or safety of Us, Our users or other third parties, (d) prevent a crime or protect national security, or (e) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues. We may also disclose non-personally identifiable information to Our business partners, merchants, advertisers, investors, potential buyers and other third parties if We deem such disclosure, in Our sole discretion, to have sound business reasons or justifications. 

Certain information relating to usage of the Site and/or Our services may be shared with third parties (such as advertisers, Event Affiliates, marketing partners, service providers and others) on an aggregated, anonymous basis for research, analytical or promotional purposes (for example, so that they can customize their advertisements, promotions, and communications to the appropriate audience). However, such information will not identify You as the subject or source of the information. 

We may also share Your personally identifiable information where You grant Us permission to do so. 

Information about Our customers and users, including personally identifiable information, may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, or sale of TicketLeap and/or its assets, as well as in the unlikely event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, in which case personally identifiable information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company. 

Finally, please also be aware that Event Affiliates and other third parties visiting the Site may see Your information You choose to enter into Your profile or otherwise post on the Site (for more information, please see the section below entitled "Your Postings"). 

#### Your Postings

We may provide areas on Our Site where You can post information about Yourself, communicate with others, post reviews or upload content. Whenever You disclose personally identifiable information publicly (such as on publicly viewable web pages), that information becomes public and can be collected and used by others, including for the sending of unsolicited messages. We can't control who reads Your posting or what others may do with information You voluntarily post, so we encourage You to use Your discretion with respect to posting personally identifiable information. Also, such postings are governed by [**Our Terms of Service**](https://web.archive.org/info/terms/), so be sure to review them before posting.

#### Visiting Our Site from Outside the United States

This Site is operated and hosted in the United States. If You are visiting the Site from outside the United States, please be aware that Your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where Our servers are located and Our central database is operated. The data protection and privacy laws of the United States may not be as comprehensive as those in Your country. By using the Site and the services available on the Site, which are provided exclusively from the United States, You hereby consent to the transfer of Your information to the United States and its collection, storage, sharing and use as described in this Privacy Policy. You further agree that all transactions relating to the Site and Our Services shall be deemed to have occurred in the United States.

#### Our Security Precautions

TicketLeap uses reputable third-party data centers and similar service providers to store much of Your personally identifiable information in order to boost security and protection. We and these service providers attempt to protect Your personally identifiable information by utilizing reasonable security measures to prevent loss, misuse, alteration, unintentional destruction or unauthorized access. We use secure server software (SSL) for Your Site transactions. We encrypt all of Your personally identifiable information as it travels over the Internet. 

We also restrict access to personally identifiable information to TicketLeap employees, contractors, service providers and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve Our Site or services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations.

However, no system can be completely secure. Although We and Our data center providers take very significant steps to secure Your information, there is always a chance that Your information will not remain secure, and You should always take great care in handling and disclosing Your personally identifiable information. If You learn that Our security measures have been compromised or have other concerns, please inform Us immediately at [legal@ticketleap.com](mailto:legal@ticketleap.com).

#### Access to Your Personally Identifiable Information

When you use Our Site, we make good faith efforts to provide You with access to your personally identifiable information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at Your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. For example, if You are an Event Affiliate, You can access or change Your name and contact information and Your billing information on Your dashboard for the Site; otherwise please e-mail us at [legal@ticketleap.com](mailto:legal@ticketleap.com). We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing all such requests, and We may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backups), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case, where We provide information access and correction, We perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Please e-mail us at [legal@ticketleap.com](mailto:legal@ticketleap.com) with any questions, if You need assistance accessing or changing Your personally identifiable information, or if You would like to have Your personally identifiable information deleted. Please be aware that if You delete your personally identifiable information, You may not be able to continue to use the Site or Our services. Please also be aware that, as discussed above, where TicketLeap has shared Your personally identifiable information with Event Affiliates and third-party marketers, You will need to contact these third parties directly to access, change or delete personally identifiable information held by them. 

#### Your California Privacy Rights

A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes ("California Customer") is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California Customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed. California Customers may request this information from TicketLeap by e-mailing Us at [legal@ticketleap.com](mailto:legal@ticketleap.com) or by mailing a request to the attention of Privacy Officer, TicketLeap, Inc., 1700 Sansom Street, Philadelphia, PA 19103. Please note that We are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and We are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address or mailing address. Please also be aware that not all information sharing is covered by the California requirements and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.

#### Children's Privacy

While some of the events listed on Our Site may appeal to children, Our Site is not targeted at children under the age of thirteen (13), and they are not permitted to use the Site. Accordingly, we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen (13). Where tickets for an event of potential interest to children are purchased through the Site, they must be purchased by a parent or other adult guardian. If You believe that TicketLeap has inadvertently collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of thirteen (13), please contact Us at [legal@ticketleap.com](mailto:legal@ticketleap.com) and provide Us with all relevant information so that We can investigate the matter. If we find that you are correct, We will delete the information. In the same vein, if You are a parent or other adult guardian who provided Us with personally identifiable information about Your child who is under the age of thirteen (13), and You wish to have this information deleted, please contact Us at [legal@ticketleap.com](mailto:legal@ticketleap.com).  For privacy and security reasons, We may verify your identity and confirm any desired changes or deletions before granting a request to access or delete personally identifiable information. 

#### Third-Party Links

The Site may contain links to websites owned and operated by third parties. TicketLeap's Privacy Policy applies only to Our Site. We do not exercise privacy control over the sites which may be linked from or to the TicketLeap Site. 

#### Contact Information

If You have any questions or concerns about Our Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of the Site, You can contact Us at [legal@ticketleap.com](mailto:legal@ticketleap.com). You can also send mail to Us at: Privacy Officer, TicketLeap, Inc., 1700 Sansom Street, Philadelphia, PA 19103.
