> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ticketmaster.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2001-03-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20010330191455id_/http%3A//www.ticketmaster.co.uk/privacy/index.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

[Click here](http://www.ticketmaster.co.uk/) to return to the Ticketmaster Homepage.   
  
Ticketmaster.co.uk has created this privacy statement ("Privacy Policy") in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy online. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for Ticketmaster.co.uk web site ("Site").   
  
**Your IP Address.** We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer the Site. Your IP address is used to help identify you, to gather broad demographic information about you, to monitor your use of our services, third party services and interest in third party advertisements.   
  
**Cookies.** We use a cookie to store and sometimes track information about you in an effort to offer a customizable and personalized service. The cookie does not contain any personally identifying information, but serve to remind us of who you are and to access your account information (stored on our servers) in order to deliver to you a better and more personalized service. This cookie is set when you register or "Log In" and is modified when you "Log Out" of our services. The Site uses cookies to keep track of what you have purchased. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit our Site, and for other purposes relating to your transactions on the Site. We need to use cookies to ensure that everything you put in your shopping basket, stays in your basket until you check out. If you are having trouble using online shopping, be sure your web browser is configured to accept cookies. Otherwise online shopping will not work properly. Usually, you should not have any trouble using online shopping with a dial-up connection to an ISP (for example, from home). If you are having trouble using online shopping from work, the problem may be how your web browser is configured or how your corporate firewall or proxy server is configured. Try using a connection that doesn't go through a firewall (for example, a modem connection to an ISP) or contact your MIS department for assistance. Third party advertisers may place cookies on your browser as well if you click on such advertisement.   
  
**Information We Request Directly From You.** The Site's registration forms, order forms, surveys and contests require you to give us contact information (like your name and email address), occasionally, unique identifiers, and demographic information (like your postal code, age, or income level). Our order forms require financial information (like your account or credit card numbers) as well.   
  
**How We Use Contact Information.** You will be given an opportunity to select a level of privacy associated with your purchases and to determine whether and under what conditions information entered on our order forms may be shared with third parties and/or utilized for direct marketing purposes. Depending on your selection, your contact information may be used to contact you when necessary in connection with transactions entered into by you on our Site. Your contact information may be provided to the venues and selected promoters of concerts and events for which you purchase tickets. We also may use customer contact information we collect in order to send you information and offers from our company, our subsidiaries and promotional material from some of our partners. We carefully select the information we send and make sure that it offers real value to you, such as discounts, exclusive offers or special event information. As mentioned above, when purchasing a ticket or other item from us, we will provide you an opportunity to indicate your desire to not receive such information; provided, however, that if you have at any prior time indicated your desire to receive this information, your choice to decline will not apply to those mailings which use your our database containing your earlier choice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not disclose your name or address to any outside organization unless compelled by law. If a third party serves on us a subpoena or other lawful document compelling disclosure of your identity, we will use our best efforts to provide you notice to the latest address in our files provided, however, that we are not responsible if your contact information is not current or if we are otherwise unable to provide notice. Your contact information will be passed on to a successor in interest in the event or bankruptcy, receivership or other transfer of ownership.   
  
**How We Use Financial Information.** Financial information that is collected is used to check your qualifications and bill you for products and services. Unique identifiers are collected from you to verify your identity and for use as account numbers in our record system. We will not share financial or unique identifier information with third parties (not including successors in interest) without your prior consent. When you make a purchase on the Site, your consent is given to provide your financial or contact information to those third parties necessary to process your transactions with us, such as credit card companies and the companies that handle shipping on our behalf.   
  
**How We Use Demographic Information.** We use this information to tailor our Site to the interests of our users. This information is shared with advertisers only on an aggregate basis (no personally identifiable data) so that they can tailor their advertisements to the appropriate audience.   
  
**Other Sites/Third Party Vendors and their Privacy Policies.** This Site may contain links to other third party sites. Ticketmaster.co.ukm is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites or for the privacy policies and practices of other third parties.   
  
**Your Disclosures in Chats and Message Boards, Etc.** This Site may make available to its users chat rooms, forums, message boards, profiles, and/or news groups at various times. Please remember that any information you disclose in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. You should not post information about yourself on the Site in your profile or while otherwise using the Site that can be used to identify you, your home or work address, phone numbers, pagers, email address or other such information. By posting such information on the Site, you assume the risks and sole liability for the results of such posting.   
  
**Our Security Precautions.** This Site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.   
  
**How You Can Learn What Personal Information We Have.** You may send us mail at:[info@ticketmaster.co.uk. ](mailto:info@ticketmaster.co.uk) A nominal fee may apply to this request.   
  
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Site, you can contact us at Ticketmaster Online - Citysearch UK Ltd, C/O Privacy Inquiries, 111A Regents Park Road, Primrose Hill, London NW! 7UR, United Kingdom   
  
[Click here](http://www.ticketmaster.co.uk/) to return to the Ticketmaster Homepage. 
