> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ticketmaster.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021205100710id_/http%3A//www.ticketmaster.ca/h/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ticketmaster canada / help / privacy policy

| 

|   
|   
**Privacy Policies**  
Ticketmaster Canada Ltd. ("we" or "Ticketmaster") has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting your personal information and informing you about how we handle it. This privacy policy only applies to transactions made, and data gathered, on the ticketmaster.ca web site (the "Site"), and to transactions made, and data gathered, by Ticketmaster Canada Ltd. telephone call centers in connection with selling tickets to Canada-based events (and associated goods and services) (our "Telephone Ordering System"). This privacy policy does not apply to any other web site or offline point of contact between Ticketmaster and consumers. Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may update it from time to time. **This privacy policy was last revised on September 12, 2002**. Each time you visit the Site or provide us with information, by doing so you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy at that time. |   
---|---|---  
  
|  | **Your IP Address**  
Like most e-commerce websites, each time you visit the Site, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. In order to administer and optimize the Site for you and to diagnose problems with our Site, we use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you.  |   
  
|  | **Cookies**  
Like most websites, the Site uses cookies to keep track of your purchases and other activity on the Site and enhance your experience on the Site. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password, and if you choose, to save other personal and financial information so you do not have to re-enter it each time you visit the Site. Third parties advertisers on the Site may also place cookies on your browser. If you wish to disable these cookies, the "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how. However, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas on the Site. |   
  
|  | **Information We Collect From You**  
In order to operate the Site, or our Telephone Ordering System, and provide you with information on products and services that may be of interest to you, we may collect personal information (i.e. information that could be used to contact you such as full name, postal address, phone number and email address), financial information (e.g. passwords and credit card numbers) and demographic information (postal code, hometown, gender, purchase history information and age) from you. Please note that nowhere on the Site do we knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. |   
  
|  | **Information Other Web Sites Collect From You**  
On the Site, we place links to other web sites operated by other parties. Some of these other web sites contain our brand names and trademarks and other intellectual property that we own; others do not. When you click on these links and visit these other web sites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we do not control these other web sites or these other web sites' business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to these other web sites. Consequently, the operators of these other web sites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the Site. We encourage you to review their privacy policies and remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions. |   
  
|  | **How We Use Personal Information**  
We use your personal information to help us efficiently perform transactions on the Site and our Telephone Ordering System, to deliver the services you have requested, to contact you when necessary in connection with events for which you purchased tickets on the Site or through our Telephone Ordering System (including event confirmations, changes and cancellations), and to send you information, offers and other promotional materials from Ticketmaster and selected third parties. We carefully select the information we send to you and attempt to send you offers that are of value to you, such as discounts, exclusive offers or special event information. The Site provides you with the option of declining to receive offers from Ticketmaster by "opting-out" of receiving this type of communication. If you are ordering through our Telephone Ordering System, then you can opt out of receiving offers from Ticketmaster by not providing an email address to be used for newsletters, special offers and upcoming event information. Ticketmaster's marketing emails contain a link to the Site so you can "opt-out" as well. 

To process transactions on the Site or via our Telephone Ordering System, we may share your personal information with our agents, representatives, contractors and service providers so they can provide us with support services such as authorization of credit card transactions, order fulfillment and sweepstakes and promotional fulfillment. We require these entities not to use your information for any other purpose. 

By purchasing tickets on the Site or via our Telephone Ordering System, you consent to us sharing your personal information with the venues, promoters, artists, teams, leagues and other third parties associated with the concerts and events for which you purchase tickets ("Event Partners"). Due to our contractual obligations with Event Partners, we are required to provide this information to deliver the services you have requested and we cannot offer you the opportunity to opt-out of our sharing of your personal information with them. Event Partners may use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. You will need to contact those Event Partners who contact you to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them. 

By purchasing, or making reservations for, products or services (such as magazine subscriptions, hotel bookings or cruises), electing to receive communications (such as emails) or electing to participate in contests, sweepstakes, or other programs (such as discount or rewards programs), offered or sponsored by third parties on the Site or via our Telephone Ordering System, you consent to our providing your personal information to those third parties. Those third parties may use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. You will need to contact those third parties to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them. Additionally, you agree that we will have the right to use and disclose all such information submitted by you in the same manner in which we use and disclose all other information submitted by you. 

We may select third parties with whom we will share your personal information so that they can communicate directly with you about their products and services. In order to decline having your personal information that we collected on the Site shared with these selected third parties, you must, in the My Account section of the Site, uncheck both the box for receiving Special Ticket Offers and the box for receiving Ticket Related Merchandise and Services. In order to decline having your personal information that we collected via our Telephone Ordering System shared with these selected third parties, you must not provide to our Telephone Ordering System operator an email address that may be used for newsletters, special offers and upcoming event information. 

Your personal information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets, or a bankruptcy, of Ticketmaster. We may also disclose specific information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with law, to cooperate with law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of Ticketmaster or other visitors to the Site or users of services or products provided by Ticketmaster. We may also disclose your personal information to our subsidiary and parent companies and businesses, and other affiliated legal entities and businesses with whom we are under common corporate control. However, all of these parent, subsidiary and affiliated legal entities and businesses that receive your personal information from us will comply with the terms of this privacy policy with respect to their use and disclosure of such personal information. 

Except as may otherwise be described in this policy, we have no control over the personal information practices of Event Partners and other third parties. As described above, by purchasing tickets on the Site or through our Telephone Ordering System, purchasing other products or services from third parties, electing to receive communications from or to participate in contests, sweepstakes or other programs associated with, or sponsored by, third parties, or otherwise opting to allow us to share your information with third parties as permitted in this policy, you authorize us to share your personal information with Event Partners and these other third parties, and you agree that we are not responsible or liable for any of their actions or omissions. These Event Partners and these other third parties may use your personal information in accordance with our contractual arrangements with them and in accordance with their own privacy policies, over which we have no control. You will need to contact them directly in order to instruct them regarding your preferences for how they use your personal information. 

|   
  
|  | **How We Use Financial Information**  
We use your financial information to check your qualifications, to bill you for products and services and to enable you to participate in discount, rebate and similar programs in which you may elect to participate. By making a purchase, or engaging in any other kind of activity that uses financial information, on the Site or via our Telephone Ordering System, you consent to our providing your financial information to our service providers and to such third parties as we determine is necessary to process your transactions, as well as to your credit card issuer for their purposes. These third parties may include the credit card companies and banking institutions used to process the transaction. Also, depending on the circumstances of our arrangements, we may share your financial information with applicable Event Partners, primarily for facilitating "will call" ticket pick up and dispute resolution and customer service at the event venue on the date of the event. By purchasing, or making reservations for, products or services of third parties (such as magazine subscriptions, hotel bookings or cruises) offered on the Site or through our Telephone Ordering System, or by participating in programs offered on the Site or through our Telephone Ordering System that are administered by third parties and that require you to submit financial information in order to use them, you also consent to our providing your financial information to those third parties. Any of these various third parties are authorized to use your financial information in accordance with our contractual arrangements with such third parties and in accordance with their own privacy policies, over which we have no control.  |   
  
|  | **How We Use Demographic Information**  
We use demographic information to tailor the Site and communications to the interests of our users. We may share your personal and demographic information with our Event Partners. We may share anonymous, aggregated (grouped) demographic information with advertisers and other third parties so that they can tailor their advertisements and communications to the appropriate audience. If you consent to have us share, or we are otherwise allowed to share, your personal information, as described above, then the demographic information that we provide to third parties may be linked to your personal information so that they will be able to know about your demographic information on a non-anonymous basis. |   
  
|  | **Our Security Precautions**  
The Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. We encrypt all of your personal and financial information as it travels over the Internet and we store your financial information on our servers in encrypted form. Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computer networks which may be located outside of the province, state, country or other governmental jurisdiction in which you reside, and the country or jurisdiction in which these computer networks are located may not have privacy laws as protective as the laws in your country or jurisdiction. |   
  
|  | **How You Can Access and Update Your Email Preferences, Personal Information and other My Account Information**  
During the creation of your "My Account" account on the Site, we will give you the opportunity to opt-out of the receipt of certain communications from us and third parties, other than our Event Partners. We also give you the opportunity to opt-out and modify information you provided to us through the Site at any time by clicking on the My Account link, navigating to your "My Account" account and selecting those portions of your account you would like to update. Please note that if you have multiple accounts on the Site or on our Telephone Ordering System, you may need to set preferences for each such account separately, because if you change the preferences on one account it may not automatically change the preferences for your other accounts. 

When you complete a purchase transaction through our Telephone Ordering System and provide an email address to opt-in (as described above), or when you complete a purchase transaction through the Site, we will automatically set certain email preferences for you. We will then send you an email in which you will be reminded of these email preferences and provided with a link to change your preferences. If you have already created a "My Account" account that has been associated with that purchase, then the link will take you to the My Account section of the Site where you can change your preferences. If you have not already created such an associated "My Account" account then the link will permit you to opt-out of email communications from Ticketmaster and third parties (other than Event Partners) except those related to your purchase. After we collect personal information that you submit in connection with purchasing or reserving products or services, electing to receive communications or electing to participate in contests, sweepstakes, or other programs (such as discount or rewards programs), offered or sponsored by third parties on the Site (other than event tickets), we may use such information to send you marketing emails. However, if we do so, we will provide a link that you can click on to opt-out of receiving subsequent marketing emails generated from the same such information. 

Please note that changing or deleting your information through your My Account Profile, or otherwise opting-out of receipt of email communications from Ticketmaster and third parties (other than Event Partners) will only change or delete the data in our My Account database for purposes of transacting future business on the Site and for managing future communications from Ticketmaster and third parties. These changes and deletions will not change or delete: 

A) Information already collected as part of a particular ticket purchase in our transactions database which may be shared with our Event Partners regardless of your email preferences; or 

B) Information that we may have already forwarded to Event Partners, credit card companies or any other third parties, all as provided above in this privacy policy.

|   
  
|  | If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, the practices of the Site or our Telephone Ordering System, or your dealings with the Site or our Telephone Ordering System, you can contact us at [legal@ticketmaster.ca](mailto:legal@ticketmaster.ca). 

You can also send us mail to: Privacy Officer, Ticketmaster.ca, c/o Legal Department, #3900, 1 Blue Jays Way, Toronto, Ontario M5V 1J3.

|   
  

