> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fashionfixation.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-05-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060502200841id_/http%3A//www.fashionfixation.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Fashion Fixation: Jewelry with lots of love

**Safe Shopping Policy** When you shop with Fashionfixation, your payment and personal information is always safe -- guaranteed. Our Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name, and address, so that it cannot be read over the internet. For further information on ways we're working to protect your personal information, please read our privacy policy below. **Privacy Policy**  
This privacy statement has been created in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting customer privacy. 

**Information We Collect**  
If you open an account or purchase on our site, we need your contact information including your name, e-mail address and mailing address. We use your purchase history, contact information and other registration information to send you information and to otherwise enhance your shopping experience. When you visit our website, we also collect some basic information that does not identify individual users. We use this information to determine our users’ demographics and interests, so that we can better understand and serve our users. 

**Our use and disclosure of your information**  
We may send emails to our users announcing special promotions, changes in our services or other information we believe will be of interest to our users. If you prefer not to receive email, you can send us an email with the subject line “no emails” or reply to our email with the subject line “no emails”. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities on our site, we may collect such information. We may use that information and other information that we obtain from your use of our site to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our agreement for Terms of Use. We may share aggregate statistics about our sales, traffic patterns and related site information with other businesses, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information. We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Statement. For example, we may be required to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that may be illegal or may expose us to legal liability. 

**Security**  
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All user credit card information is securely communicated using secure socket layer (SSL) software, which is the industry standard and among the best software available for secure commerce transactions. All user information stored on our server is stored in an encrypted format. Notwithstanding these efforts, we caution you that “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet. We may update this Privacy Statement from time to time. You should check this page periodically for changes. By using our site, you consent to the collection and use of your information by us as described in this Privacy Statement. We welcome your questions and comments about this Privacy Statement. 
