> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fastcupid.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20041207010140id_/http%3A//www.springstreetnetworks.com/tos/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Spring Street Networks

SSN or the applicable Partner will use reasonable efforts to notify all registered users via email (i.e., the email address you supplied SSN and each respective Partner at the time of registration) of any material changes to this Privacy Policy, unless such users have opted-out of receiving all email from SSN or such Partner(s) (see "Personal Information We Collect and Its Use," below, for more details). In the event you’ve opted-out from receiving such email updates, it is your responsibility to periodically review this Privacy Policy for any changes or updates. Additionally, material changes to this Privacy Policy will also be communicated in the appropriate Partner Personals Area. 

**Information Automatically Captured from Visitors**

SSN and the Partners use your IP address (the series of numbers associated with your individual computer) to help maintain the Personals Service and each Partner Personals Area, SSN and the Partners also use your IP address to identify problems with the Personals Service or a given Partner Personals Area. Essentially, your IP address is a numerical address that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data (such as web pages you want to view) can be transmitted to you. Your IP address does not tell us who you are. 

Both SSN and Partners use cookies to identify traffic that comes through advertising and to facilitate a more user-friendly experience. SSN and Partners also use cookies to keep you logged in across the different services SSN and the Partners make available to you (for example, logging into one Partner Personals Area will allow you to access information maintained on other Partner Personals Areas). Cookies are small pieces of information that a website places on your computer's hard drive so SSN and Partners know it's you when you visit. This helps us to create a personalized experience for you when you visit a Partner Personals Area. The use of cookies is a very common practice on the Internet. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply. A cookie cannot read unrelated data off your hard drive. Partner’s advertisers and third parties that provide products or services through a Partner Personals Area may also assign their own cookies to your hard drive, a process SSN and its Partners do not control. 

SSN may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the personals site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp). 

**Personal Information We Collect and Its Use**

During the course of the Personals registration process, you will be asked to provide some general identifying information which will enable SSN and the appropriate Partner to provide you with individualized service. SSN, for itself and the appropriate Partner, gathers from you contact information (like your email address), demographic information (like your gender and age), and other relevant information each believes is necessary to deliver the Personals Services via each Partner Personals Area. 

Registered users (e.g., members) that choose to purchase products or services made available on a Partner Personals Area (for example, the purchase of credits enabling a member to communicate through the Personals Service with other members) will be asked to provide certain information, including certain contact information (such as your name, address, telephone and email), as well as their billing information (such as their credit card number and the date that their card expires). SSN or a Partner may also ask members to provide additional information such as unique identifiers (such as your date of birth), and registration information (that is, login name and password). 

Your billing you supply will be encrypted and sent to a third party intermediary for processing. Such billing information is used only to bill you for those products or services you choose to purchase through a given Partner Personals Area. The process of encryption scrambles your billing information and serves to protect your billing information from being read by unauthorized individuals. You will know you are in secure mode when the tiny padlock icon — located at the bottom of your browser — appears "locked" or the address that appears in your browser begins with “https”. Despite the security encryption technology provides, no security system is impenetrable. Neither SSN nor any Partner guarantees the security of their respective databases, nor can either party guarantee that the information you supply won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to SSN or the Partners over the Internet. 

Your demographic (non-identifying) information is used to personalize your experience while accessing a Partner Personals Area, to allow other members to find you through a search result, and is used to enable you to compose personal profiles. 

If you subscribe to receive a newsletter or other service from any Partner, the terms of use will be governed by that Partner’s privacy policy statement and visitor agreement – not by this Privacy Policy or Terms of Use associated with this Partner Personals Area. If you subscribe to receive a newsletters) associated with the Personals Service from any Partner, such Partner may distribute such newsletter(s) directly to you, use a third party service provider to distribute such newsletter(s), or utilize SSN to deliver such newsletter(s). In the event SSN is utilized to provide such newsletters on behalf of a Partner, the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use will govern SSN’s and such Partner’s use of any such subscription information you provide to such Partners. In the event a Partner directly distributes such newsletter(s) or uses a third party service provider, the terms of such Partner’s privacy policy statement and visitor agreement will govern. Likewise, if you submit personal information on a page provided in conjunction with an SSN partner, other than the Partner associated with this particular Personals area, the information you submit may be jointly maintained by such Partner. 

Once you become a registered member, you will be given the opportunity to create a personal profile. During such process, you will be asked for some personal, but non-identifying, information to complete your personal profile (e.g. your occupation, your favorite book, etc). This information will be viewable by other members and possibly non-members, but it will not enable them to access and view the personally identifiable contact information you supplied SSN or Partner during your registration process; unless you provide a member with your personally identifiable contact information, registered members may contact you only via your Personals nickname you established, using the Personals’ integrated messaging system that assists in maintaining your anonymity. 

You agree that SSN, the applicable Partner, or both may use your information to contact you for customer service, to inform you of important changes or additions to the Personals Service or a Partner Personals Area, and to send you administrative notices or any communications relevant to your use of this Partner Personals Area. However, if you don't want to receive such notices, please email nomailings@springstreetnetworks.com from the email account that you used when you registered with this particular Partner’s Personals Service. 

**Changing Profile and Account Information**

Once you’ve become registered member of a Partner’s Personals Service, you will have the opportunity to review, update or delete the registration information you have provided to SSN and such Partner at any time (except, of course, any information SSN or such Partner does not store). You may do so by clicking on the "my account" link in any page in appropriate Partner’s Personals area and follow the instructions there. 

**Online Behavior**

Registered members communicate with each other through personal profiles, the Instant chat and other services SSN makes available through the Personals Service. While neither SSN nor Partners moderate or monitor members' private exchanges through the Personals Service, each reserves the right, but does not assume the obligation, to do so if either suspects a member of being under the age of 18 at the time they registered, or if a either believes that a member has violated the Terms of Use governing the use of the Personals Service and each Partner Personals Area. 

If you have any further questions about our privacy policy, send an email to [privacy@springstreetnetworks.com](mailto:privacy@springstreetnetworks.com). 
