> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fastseoguru.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171215222036id_/http%3A//www.fastseoguru.com/page/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Printable Coloring Pages For Kids

Automatically logged information (server logs), cookies, Flash shared objects

 **Server logs:**

Like most servers, our servers automatically record the page requests made when users visit our Site. These "server logs" typically include your web request (the requested content), IP address, browser type, browser language and the date and time of your request. We use this information to help diagnose problems, to analyze statistics of our Site, and to allow us to improve the overall user-experience. No personal information (like your name, email or phone number) is being gathered with server logs. We do not transfer these data to third parties as long as it is not required by law.

 **Cookies:**

The Site also uses the third party web analytics service "Google Analytics" (GA), by Google, Inc. GA use "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. No personal information (like your name, email or phone number) is being gathered with cookies.

By using this Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

 **Flash shared objects:**

Most games on this Site are based on Flash technology (Flash Games). Flash Games may collect data in "shared objects" which are textfiles stored on your computer. We have no control over what data Flash Games of third parties may collect. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties Flash Games.

 **Third Party Advertising:**

We use several third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Site. These companies may use cookies to store information about your visits to this and other websites (your browsing activity) in order to provide advertisements on this Site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.

 **Google Adsense:**

Delivered by Google, Inc., may make use of one or more "DoubleClick DART Cookies".

DART cookies store and collect data on your computer about your browsing activity. Google may use this data to show advertisements on this Site based on your browsing activity.

You can choose to opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting: http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/

the Google ad and content privacy policy.

Opt Out From Online Behavioral Advertising By Participating Companies:

http://www.aboutads.info/choices/

 **Contact via email:**

When you contact us via email, by using a contact form, you are providing us with personal information such as your name and email address. Such information is used only for the purpose of assisting you with, and validating your inquiry, request or submission. We respect the privacy concerns of visitors to www.Fastseoguru.com.

We do not sell or disclose your email address or any other personal information about you.

 **Links:**

We may present internal links (i.e. links to our own pages) or external links (i.e. links to other websites) in a format that allows us to track statistics like the number of clicks a link gets. These statistics will only be used to help us improve the site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of websites that are being linked to from our Site or newsletters.

 **Security:**

We protect personal information against such risks as loss or theft, unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use, modification or destruction, through appropriate security measures.
