> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fastsigns.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110525234126id_/http%3A//www.fastsigns.com/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Signs, Decals, Digital Printing, Custom Signs, Sign Solutions @ FASTSIGNS®

Thank you for visiting the FASTSIGNS International, Inc. ("FII", "we", "us", or "our") website located at www.fastsigns.com and related sites (collectively "FASTSIGNS Site(s) or Site(s)").

The FASTSIGNS Sites are operated by FII and exist for the purpose of disseminating information about our company and our FASTSIGNS® services and products, and to provide a mechanism for users to order our FASTSIGNS® services and products online through our FASTSIGNS Centers, which are owned and operated by independent third party franchisees or other parties.

This FASTSIGNS Site is controlled, and all information that you submit through this FASTSIGNS Site is collected, stored, and processed in the United States.

**Privacy Policy Updates**  
Due to the Internet’s rapidly evolving nature, we may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, we will post the updated Privacy Policy on this Site so that you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this Site will be subject to the then-current Privacy Policy.

**What We Collect and How We Use It**  
Generally, you may visit this Site without providing FII or its affiliates with any personally identifiable information. We collect personally identifiable information about you only if you voluntarily provide it to us and you have the option not to provide any personally identifiable information to us. You may voluntarily provide to us personally identifiable information such as your name, address, email, phone number and other contact information, when you contact us, to submit a request to us, fill out contact information, sign up for FASTMAIL (email marketing campaign), subscribe to mailing lists concerning FII or enroll in Make This My FASTSIGNS, submit a Request for Quote, Send a File or choose to participate in a sweepstakes or promotion, we will collect your personally identifiable information that you submit to us in connection with that action to process your request. We may also collect other personally identifiable information that you choose to include in any communications that you send to us. We may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your requests for information and provide you with information about FII. We may use small text files called cookies to improve your overall Site experience. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you. We may transfer your personally identifiable information and other information that you submit on our FASTSIGNS® Sites to our offices, affiliates, FASTSIGNS® Center franchisees, and service providers in the United States and throughout the world. However, we can, and will ask our franchisees and service providers to, use, store and otherwise process your information collected through any FASTSIGNS® Site in accordance with this Policy regardless of where it is transferred. We do not share your personally identifiable information to third parties, without your consent, except to the extent required by law, in accordance with your instructions

Franchisee Applications: We permit users who are interested in franchise opportunities with FASTSIGNS® to submit franchisee applications online through FASTSIGNS® Sites, franchise.fastsigns.com. If you choose to submit a franchisee application through the FASTSIGNS Site, we will ask you to provide detailed and verifiable information, including your name, your spouse’s name, your contact information, your Social Security Number, and information about your work and professional experience, your educational background and personal and/or business finances. In addition, we will ask for permission to conduct a check regarding your credit history, work experience, criminal records, and general character. If you do not consent, we will not be able to process your application. We utilize industry-standard SSL technology to allow for the encryption of all franchisee applications submitted on a FASTSIGNS Site. For additional details about our information security practices please see the section entitled SECURITY. If you are still uncomfortable with submitting a franchisee application via the Internet for any reason, please feel free to print a copy of the franchisee application and submit a completed application via facsimile (click here for our fax number) or by mail (click here for our address).

The FASTSIGNS Site may track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, IP addresses, computer and browser type, version and domain, dates and times of use of each page of our Site, and any third party website from which you were transferred to this Site, and we may analyze data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but this information will be in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. This aggregate information is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. We may use this aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use and to improve FASTSIGNS Sites.

**E-Commerce**  
The FASTSIGNS Site does not provide any electronic commerce (authorization or acceptance of payments) functionality at this time. As such point in time that we enable such electronic commerce this policy will change in accordance with our Privacy Policy Updates procedure.

Third-Party Web Beacons  
We use third-party web beacons from Yahoo! to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our Site. Yahoo! may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Yahoo!, click here.

**Disclosure**  
We may provide aggregate information and the data generated by cookies to web design and marketing firms we contract for website development and advertising purposes. We will disclose your personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or to prevent harm to yourself or others. Additionally, we may disclose your personally identifiable information, in our sole discretion, to law enforcement agencies to assist in any investigation.

**Children's Privacy**  
FII recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. No personally identifiable information is collected by us from children under the age of 13 and this Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. FII does not target its services or this Site to children under 13. FII does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.

**Links to Third Party Sites and FASTSIGNS Centers**  
FASTSIGNS Sites may include links to other FASTSIGNS Sites or websites ("Third Party Sites") on the Internet that are not under the control of or maintained by FII. These links do not constitute an endorsement by us of these Third Party Sites, the content displayed therein or the persons or entities associated therewith. You acknowledge that FII is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and you agree that we are not responsible for the content of Third Party Sites. Your use of these Third Party Sites is subject to the respective terms of use and privacy policies located on the Third Party Sites. We have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties, unless otherwise expressly provided by us. Limits on Our Abilities Your privacy is very important to us. However, due to the existing legal and technical environment, we cannot ensure that your personally identifiable information will not be disclosed to third parties in ways not described in this policy. For example, we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Additionally, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to private entities, law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to address or resolve inquiries or problems (our practices are more fully described in the section entitled "What We Collect and How We Use It" above).

We cannot and do not guarantee that independently owned and operated FASTSIGNS Centers will follow the terms of this privacy policy.

**Security**  
We may employ procedural and technological measures, consistent with industry practice that are reasonably designed to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.

**Controlling or Changing Your Information**  
You may request to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications by sending us a written request to the address listed below or by following the opt-out instructions in the e-mail you receive from us. You may review, change, or request the deletion of your contact information and preferences at any time by:

Emailing us at: webmaster@fastsigns.com , or

Writing us at: FASTSIGNS® International, Inc.  
Attention: Webmaster – Privacy Policy  
2542 Highlander Way  
Carrollton, TX 75006

However, to the extent that corrected or deleted information is also stored in other databases, we cannot always ensure that such corrections or deletions will immediately reach the other databases. Some information may be retained for longer periods as required by law, contracts or auditing requirements.

This Privacy Policy was last updated on May 1, 2009. This Privacy Policy is effective as of May 1, 2009.
