> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fastmed.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-09-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130929052707id_/http%3A//www.fastmed.com/policies/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - FastMed Urgent Care

Thank you for reviewing our Privacy Policy. This website, www.fastmed.com **** (the " **Site** "), is operated from the United States **** of America on behalf of FastMed Urgent Care (" **FastMed** ," " **we** ," " **us** " and " **our** "). Your privacy is important to us. It is our policy to protect your personal information and to use it only in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy governs our use and disclosure of information collected through this Site.

1.                   **ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY.** Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. We want you to understand what data we collect from you when you visit or use our Site,how we use such data, and whether and to whom we share such data with others.  Using our Site is voluntary, and by accessing or using the Site, you: (i) acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy; (ii) agree that your access and use of the Site are subject to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, available at www.fastmed.com/policies; and (iii) consent to our collection and use of your Non-Personal and Personally Identifiable Information as described in this Privacy Policy, as updated or revised from time to time. At all times, we reserve the right to disclose any information, including Personally Identifiable Information, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, to protect FastMed’s rights or property (including without limitation in the event of a transfer of control of the company, or substantially all of its assets), during emergencies when safety is at risk, or for credit fraud protection and risk reduction purposes.

2.                  **INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM YOU.** When you use the Site, several types of data may be collected from you, including: (1) Non-Personal Information; and (2) Personally Identifiable Information.  Certain types of data are specifically NOT collected, including personal information from children.

2.1.            **Non-Personal Information.** We automatically collect certain data regarding use of or access to the Site, such as:

  * The name of the Internet domain you used to access the Internet;
  * The IP address of the web site from which you linked to our Site;
  * The date and time you accessed our Site;
  * The type of web browser you are using; and
  * The pages you visited.



This information (collectively, " **Non-Personal Information** ") does not, by itself, personally identify users. We use this Non-Personal Information to monitor the effectiveness of the Site, to help personalize your online experience and to consider potential improvements to the Site. **** Non-Personal Information may be collected through cookies. For more detailed information on cookies, please refer to the “Use of Cookies” section below. ****

2.2.            **Personally Identifiable Information.** You are able to view and download content displayed on the Site without disclosing any information that, either alone or in combination with other information, can be used to uniquely identify, contact or locate you (collectively, “ **Personally Identifiable Information** ,” or “ **PII** ”). However, certain features accessible through the Site may require disclosure of certain PII, depending upon the features you are using. ****

2.2.1.     **User Comments.** FastMed provides users with the opportunity to comment on posts to our weblog, or “blog.” In conjunction with this feature, we may collect certain PII including your name, email address and other PII you disclose to us. By providing such information, you consent to our collection and use of it, as described in this Privacy Policy.

2.2.2.     **Online Appointment Scheduling.** Through third-party entity, Practice Velocity, LLC or such other third-party entity as FastMed may from time to time utilize for this function, FastMed provides users with the convenience of an online appointment scheduling system. Although accessible through the Site, this feature is hosted on a third party website. PII collected through this feature may include, without limitation, your name, phone number and email address, as well as your social security number, date of birth and other sensitive information. PII **** provided through the online appointment scheduling system will be governed by such third party’s separate terms of use and privacy policy, which you should review before disclosing any information. For details, please refer to the documents available on the [Practice Velocity website](http://www.practicevelocity.com/privacy.php).

2.2.3.     **Online Bill Payment.** Through third-party entity, Skipjack Financial Services, Inc., PayPal, Inc. or such other third-party entity as FastMed may from time to time utilize for this function, FastMed provides users with the convenience of an online bill payment system. Although accessible through the Site, this feature is hosted on a third party website. PII collected through this feature may include, without limitation, contact information such as your name, phone number, address, email address and patient account number, and credit card or other financial information. PII provided through the online bill payment system will be governed by such third party’s separate terms of use and privacy policy, which you should review before disclosing any information. For details, please refer to the documents available on the [Skipjack website](http://www.skipjack.com/terms.aspx?cmsphid=63294656%7C1638594%7C8658872) and the PayPal website. ****

2.2.4. **      Protected Health Information.** To the extent we receive certain information regarded as protected health information (“ **PHI** ”) under the Health Information Portability and Accountability Act (“ **HIPAA** ”), our use and disclosure of such PHI is governed by the terms of HIPAA. For complete information on your rights and our obligations under HIPAA, please review our Notice of Privacy Practices, available at www.fastmed.com/policies. ****

2.3.            **No Personal Information from Children.** We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Children are not permitted to use the Site, and we request that children under the age of 13 not submit any personal information to the Site. Since information regarding children under the age of 13 is not collected, FastMed does not knowingly distribute personal information regarding children under the age of 13. For additional information, please refer to the “Children and Parents” section below.

2.4.            **Other Information NOT Collected.** Our services and your use of the Site do not require you to disclose, nor require us to request or collect, any other information not described above. We do not request, solicit or intend to collect any such information and you should not disclose, enter or upload any such information on the Site.  If we discover that such information was disclosed by you, we will exercise commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information; however, we are not liable for any consequences relating to such disclosures of information.

3.                  **USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED**. The use and disclosure of certain information varies with respect to the type of information collected, including: (1) Non-Personal Information; and (2) Personally Identifiable Information.

3.1.            **Use of** **Non-Personal Information.**   We use the Non-Personal Information collected through the Site for statistical purposes and for improving the functionality of the Site. This information may also be used to administer your participation in the Site including, without limitation, to troubleshoot and resolve problems with the Site. In general, this information is used internally but we may, from time to time, engage a third party to assist us with these analyses. In those limited cases, disclosure of this information to a third-party is necessary; however, the data is disclosed in the aggregate.

3.2.            **Use of** **Personally Identifiable Information.** In general, the PII collected is used for purposes of fulfilling your requests for services, or for providing you with information. In all cases, your use of such features and your disclosure of information to FastMed are voluntary.

3.2.1.     **User Comments.** The **** PII we collect is used to manage your access to the FastMed blog. Comments shared will be visible to other users of the Site and, as such, you should exercise caution in disclosing PII within any comment. For additional information, please refer to the “Visibility of User-Generated Content” section below.

               We, or a third party on our behalf, may also use your email address or other contact information to send you newsletters, alerts, special promotional offers, consumer surveys and other promotional or informational messages. **If you no longer wish to receive such messages, simply click the 'unsubscribe' link that we include at the bottom of every email that we send you.** If a different opt-out mechanism is provided in any individual message, please follow the directions included within that specific email.

We may use or permit third-party service providers and suppliers to conduct marketing activities. In conjunction with such marketing activities, we may provide PII to third parties. However, to the extent any PHI is included within PII collected, our use and disclosure of such PHI will be limited to the permissible uses and disclosures described within the Notice of Privacy Practices, available at www.fastmed.com/policies. If you do not wish your PII to be shared with any third parties for marketing purposes, please contact info@fastmed.com.

3.2.2.     **Online Appointment Scheduling.** Use and disclosure of PII provided through the third-party online appointment scheduling system is governed by the appropriate third-party’s separate terms of use and privacy policy. For details, please refer to the documents available on the [Practice Velocity website](http://www.practicevelocity.com/privacy.php).

3.2.3.     **Online Bill Payment.** Use and disclosure of PII provided through the third-party online bill payment system is governed by the appropriate third party’s separate terms of use and privacy policy. For details, please refer to the documents available on the [Skipjack website](http://www.skipjack.com/terms.aspx?cmsphid=63294656%7C1638594%7C8658872) and the PayPal website.

Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy, disclosure of PII to third parties for non-marketing purposes may occur in certain situations such as: (i) responding to a subpoena, court order or other such request; (ii) responding to a law enforcement agency's request or as otherwise required by law; and (iii) providing PII to a third party if we file for bankruptcy, or there is a transfer of the assets or ownership in connection with proposed or consummated corporate reorganizations, such as mergers, acquisitions, or sales of business units. In all such instances, we will take the utmost care to disclose only that information which is necessary and appropriate under the circumstances.

In the operation of our business we may transfer, process or store your information on third party servers. These servers may be located outside the United States. By voluntarily providing information to FastMed, you expressly consent to such worldwide transfer of your information.

4.                **VISIBILITY OF** **USER-GENERATED CONTENT**. When you participate in certain interactive portions of the Site ( _i.e._ , commenting on posts to the weblog or “blog” presented through the Site), your comments, including any PII that you choose to disclose, may be visible to other users of the Site. By engaging in such activity, you understand that other users of the Site may be able to access and/or view, collect, use, alter, manipulate, or disclose your PII, and that we have no control over and are not responsible for such acts, omissions or activities by you or others.

We cannot prevent you or others from posting, sharing or distributing user-generated content that has been collected, transmitted or distributed through the Site, nor are we responsible for such disclosures of information. ****

5.                  **USE OF COOKIES**. Cookies are small bits of data cached or stored on your computer based on Internet activity. We may use cookies to monitor individual activity in aggregate to improve the Site and provide features that are tailored to your needs, including delivery of customized content and advertising. The information we gather may include IP address, user language, the operating system, browser type, the presence/absence of “flash” plug-ins, screen resolution, connection type, and information that identifies the cookie. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser settings to prevent this. If you disable cookies, your ability to use some features of the Site may be limited. ****

We also use session cookies when you visit the Site. Session cookies are active only during the period you are logged on to the Site, and are removed when you leave. They help us track the sections of the website that you use to allow us to make improvements in keeping with observed user preferences. **** We also use tracking cookies to determine what sites you visit when you leave our Site. This information helps us identify content and services that may be of interest to our users as we work to make further improvements to the Site. ****

6.                  **LINKED SITES**. In addition to the third-party entities referenced above, we may provide links to other third party websites on the Site solely as a convenience to you. However, such linking does not mean, and should not be interpreted to mean, that FastMed endorses, is affiliated with or makes any representations concerning such third party websites. FastMed neither reviews, nor controls, nor is responsible for these third party sites or any content therein. By using these links, you will leave the Site. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Site, you do so entirely at your own risk. FastMed shall not be liable for any consequences arising from use of the third-party sites referenced above or any other third party websites to which the Site links.

7.                  **SECURITY**. We strive to maintain the security of your information by using appropriate measures designed to protect our systems.  However, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that is disclosed online. Consequently, we do not insure or warrant the security of any information you transmit, and you do so at your own risk.

8.                  **CHILDREN AND PARENTS**. Use of the Site is not offered to children. If you are under 13, you may not use our Site. We do not intend to collect personal information from children. Parents and guardians are advised that any personal information voluntarily entered by children may be available for public access. If your child has submitted personal information, please contact us to request that such information be removed. Once we are aware of information entered by a child, we will exercise commercially reasonable efforts to remove such information from our databases and storage areas; however, we are not liable for any consequences relating to such information.

9.                  **MODIFICATIONS TO THE PRIVACY POLICY**. It may be necessary for us to modify this Privacy Policy.  We will notify all users by posting an amended version of the Privacy Policy on the Site. Such modifications will become effective on the day they are posted.  We encourage you to frequently review the Privacy Policy for any modifications.

10.              **QUESTIONS.** If you have any questions or concerns about this policy or the use of your information, or to modify or update any information we have received, please contact info@fastmed.com.

Effective Date: May 2, 2011
