> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the daysofwonder.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170624063445id_/https%3A//www.daysofwonder.com/en/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Days of Wonder Privacy Policy - Play different.™ | Days of Wonder

|  | 

**Last Revised: 7/25/2014**

Days of Wonder, Inc. ("Days of Wonder", "we" or "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information of users of our website, located at www.daysofwonder.com and our mobile applications (each an "Application") (collectively, the "Site"), and online services ("Services").

A NOTE ABOUT CHILDREN: For users under the age of 13, or your child under the age of 13 is using the Site or Services, please review our Children's Privacy Policy at: [http://www.daysofwonder.com/about/children-privacy](https://web.archive.org/en/about/children-privacy). This Privacy Policy applies to all users of the Site and Services who are 13 years of age or older.

The Site and the servers that make the Site available are located in France. Your personal information may be collected and processed in France and may be transferred to the United States or other countries, where laws regarding processing of personal information from children may be less restrictive than the laws in your country.

## Collection of Personal Information

We collect personal information from you in a variety of ways when you use the Site and Services.

Information You Provide to Us.

  * We may collect personal information from you, such as your e-mail, zip code, country, birthdate, login name and password when you create an account to log in to our network ("Account").
  * If you use our Services on your mobile device, including through our Application(s), we may collect your phone number and the unique device id number.
  * When connecting to our Services via a service provider that uniquely identifies your mobile device, we may receive this identification and use it to offer extended services and/or functionality.
  * When you order products or services on our Site, we will collect all information necessary to complete the transaction, including your name, credit card information, billing information and shipping information. This information may be shared with third parties who help process and fulfill your purchases. When you submit credit card numbers, we encrypt that information using industry standard technology.
  * We retain information on your behalf, such as files and messages that you store using your Account.
  * If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.
  * When you post content on our Site, the information contained in your posting will be stored in our servers and other users will be able to see it, along with your login name. This information will be visible to others, including anonymous visitors to the Site.
  * When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional profile information.
  * We also collect other types of personal information that you provide to us voluntarily, such as your operating system and version, product registration number, and other requested information if you contact us via e-mail regarding support for the Services.
  * If you participate in a sweepstakes, contest or giveaway on our Site, we may ask you for your e-mail address and/or home number (to notify you if you win or not). We may also ask for first and last names, and sometimes post office addresses to verify your identity. In some situations we may need additional information as a part of the entry process, such as a prize selection choice. These sweepstakes and contests are voluntary. We recommend that you read the rules for each sweepstakes and contest that you enter.
  * We may also collect personal information at other points in our Site that state that personal information is being collected.



Information You Provide to Third Party Sites. The Services allow users to login to the Services via Facebook and other third party sites ("Third Party Sites") and to access such Third Party Sites to interact with friends and to share information on such Third Party Sites. If you login to the Services via a Third Party Site or otherwise connect your Third Party Site account to your Account, you are allowing the Services to access your information and you are agreeing to the Third Party Site's Terms of Use/Terms of Service in your use of the Services. In addition, we may receive information from such Third Party Site to make it easier for you to create an Account on the Site and show our relevant content from your Third Party Site account. Once you register on the Site and connect with a Third Party Site you will be able to automatically post recent activity back to the Third Party Site. Any information that we collect from your Third Party Site account may depend on the Third Party Site's privacy settings, so please consult the Third Party Site's privacy and data practices. You have the option to disable the connection to your Third Party Site account at any time by contacting us at [http://www.daysofwonder.com/contact/account-problem](https://web.archive.org/en/contact/account-problem).

Information Collected via Technology. To make our Site and Services more useful to you, our servers collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol ("IP") address (which is the number assigned to your computer when you surf the Web), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit. We also gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider ("ISP"), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. In addition, we use cookies to collect information. "Cookies" are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer's hard drive while you are viewing the website. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). Cookies help us give you faster access to pages you have already visited, allow you to personalize your pages, and help you to participate in some online activities on our Site. Your IP address and cookies are not connected to any personal information. We may also collect non-personal information from your mobile device if you have downloaded our Application(s). Examples of information that may be collected and used include how you use the Application(s) and information about the type of device you use. In addition, in the event our Application(s) crashes on your mobile device, we will receive information about your mobile device model software version and device carrier, which allows us to identify and fix bugs and otherwise improve the performance of our Application(s). We use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the Site. Google Analytics uses Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Site, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our Site and Services. Google's ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.

How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals. We do not currently respond to "do not track" signals or other mechanisms that might enable consumers to opt out of tracking on our Site.

## Our Use of Collected Information

We use the personal information we collect for the purposes indicated at the time you provide such information. In general, personal information you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in servicing you better. For instance, if you register in a contest, we will use the registration information to notify contest winners, or if you purchase a product, we will use the billing information you provide to fulfill the order. Occasionally, and only with consent at the time you create an Account, we might also e-mail you to provide information on upcoming Days of Wonder products, updates and promotions. If you want to stop receiving such updates and product information from Days of Wonder or our affiliates at any time, turn off the Special Announcements option in [your profile](https://web.archive.org/en/myprofile) or contact our [Customer Service](https://web.archive.org/en/contact/account-problem/). Our mailings and e-mails will also include information allowing you to ask not to receive such information in the future. In addition, we use your personal information in the following ways: to facilitate the creation of and secure your Account on our network; to identify you as a user in our system; to provide improved administration of our Site and Services; to provide the Services you request; to improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Site and Services; to send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your Account was created; to send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security, or support and maintenance advisories; and to respond to your inquiries or other requests.

We may receive testimonials and comments from users who have had positive experiences with our Services. We occasionally publish such content. When we publish this content, we may identify our users by their first and last name and may also indicate their home city. We obtain the user's consent prior to posting his or her name along with the testimonial. We may post user feedback on the Site from time to time. We will share your feedback with your first name and last initial only. If we choose to post your first and last name along with your feedback, we will obtain your consent prior to posting you name with your feedback. If you make any comments on a blog or forum associated with our Site, you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these blogs and forums.

We may create anonymous data records from personal information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this anonymous data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve Site navigation. We reserve the right to use anonymous data for any purpose and disclose anonymous data to third parties in our sole discretion.

## The Sharing of Personal Information

Days of Wonder will never share, sell, rent or otherwise provide your personal information to any outside companies or other party without your explicit consent except as described below. If you consent, Days of Wonder may provide your information to outside companies that offer products or services that may be of interest. We will remove your name from the list we provide to outside companies if you just e-mail our Customer Service. We may share your personal information with third party service providers to: provide you with the Services that we offer you through our Site; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support; and/or to provide other services to us. If we do so, we require those other companies to sign confidentiality agreements. We may share some or all of your personal information with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control ("Affiliates"), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. We may share some or all of your personal information in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, personal information may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the personal information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. Some of our Applications and Services may enable you to post content to Third Party Sites. If you choose to do this, we will provide information to the Third Party Site in accordance with your elections. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of the Third Party Site and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the Third Party Site. We will not be responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of the Third Party Site; (ii) the content, products or services on or availability of the Third Party Site; or (iii) your use of the Third Party Site.

Certain portions of the information you provide to us may also be displayed in your profile. As an essential element of the Services, some of the personal information you explicitly provide to us when you register or update your profile is displayed on your profile. Your photos, posts, friends, and other content you post to the Site are also meant for public consumption. We may display this content on the Site, and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services. Once displayed on publicly viewable web pages, that information can be collected and used by others. We cannot control who reads your posting or what other users may do with the information that you voluntarily post, so it is very important that you do not put personal information in your posts. Once you have posted information publicly, while you will still be able to edit and delete it on the Site, you will not be able to edit or delete such information cached, collected, and stored elsewhere by others (e.g., search engines).

If Days of Wonder believes disclosure of personal information is necessary to defend the rights or property of us or our Site and Services or anyone else, we may disclose the relevant personal information. We may also disclose personal information if we believe that the disclosure is required by law, or in response to a legal request.

## Unsubscribing from Announcements - Opt-out Policy

From time to time, we send announcements by e-mail: news about coming games, important changes in our Site or Services, special offers, etc. Like you, we despise "spam," so we are very reasonable in the number of messages we send (typically no more than 1 or 2 a month). We also try to only send messages that are relevant to your Account. For example, we send pre-order offers of Memoir '44 expansions only to users who registered their copy of Memoir '44. Likewise, we will send you a warning e-mail 15 days before your discount coupons expire. You may choose to completely turn off these announcements at any time by going to [your profile](https://web.archive.org/en/myprofile). If you are not logged in to your account, you may also use the [Unsubscribe page](https://web.archive.org/en/unsubscribe) and enter the e-mail address that you used for your Account. Please note that if you unsubscribe, you will not receive any e-mails from us _at all_ \- even privileged offers. If you change your mind later, you may turn the announcements back on by returning to [your profile](https://web.archive.org/en/myprofile).

## Other Choices Regarding Your Information

If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept cookies from our Service for any of the purposes described above, then you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Consult your browser's technical information. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Service or all functionality of the Service. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to have your Facebook account linked to your Account, then you may de-link the connection by contacting us as [http://www.daysofwonder.com/contact/account-problem](https://web.archive.org/en/contact/account-problem). You may also manage the sharing of certain personal information with us when you connect with us through Facebook. Please refer to the privacy settings of Facebook to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between the Services and your social media account or mobile device. You may review, update, correct or delete the personal information in your Account by contacting us or by editing their profile via the Service. If you completely delete all of your personal information, then your Account may become deactivated. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. You can stop all collection of information by the Application(s) by uninstalling the Application(s). You may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.

## Canceling your Account

To cancel your account, contact us using the [Customer Service](https://web.archive.org/en/contact/account-problem/) page. After cancellation, you will not be able to use your Account anymore. Online gaming, services, privileges and other features will no longer be available to you. No refund will be issued for features or services that you have previously paid for.

## Third Party Websites

Our Site may contain links to third party websites. When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave our Site and go to another site and another entity may collect personal information or anonymous data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of your personal information after you click on links to such outside websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website you visit. The links to third party websites or locations are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such third parties or their products, content or websites.

## Security of Your Personal Information

We are committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require you to enter a password to access your Account information. Please do not disclose your Account password to unauthorized people. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy here at [http://www.daysofwonder.com/about/privacy/](https://web.archive.org/en/about/privacy/) and we will change the "Last Revised" date above. You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.

## Privacy Policy Questions

Days of Wonder  
Privacy Policy  
334 State Street, Suite 203  
Los Altos, CA 94022, USA  
fax: 415-480-1314  
[customerservice@daysofwonder.com](mailto:customerservice@daysofwonder.com)

or use the [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/en/contact/) page for a faster response.

|   
---|---|---|---
