> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the apug.org privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121229142433id_/http%3A//www.photocentric.co.nz/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Photocentric Ltd. Terms of Service

Overall privacy statement We take your privacy seriously. Because we gather certain types of information about our users we want to help you understand the terms and conditions surrounding the collection and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses the types of information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. These privacy practices apply to all PHOTOCENTRIC LIMITED websites.

1\. What information do we collect? Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide you with the best and most useful content and services. 

We collect personally identifiable information when you provide it to us, such as when you register on one of our sites, when you subscribe to a site or an e-mail newsletter or when you register to use certain services. Several of the services that we offer on our sites, such as message boards, may require registration as a condition of use. Once you register with one of our sites you are no longer anonymous to us. 

2\. What is our practice regarding cookies? Your Internet browser has a feature called "cookies" which stores small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to any of our sites. You do not need to have cookies turned on to visit most of our sites, although active participation in certain areas of our sites may require cookies. Cookies alone tell us nothing about who you are unless you specifically give us personally identifiable information when, in which case we use the information to enhance your services in the ways described below. You may elect not to allow cookies to be collected by adjusting your settings on your browser. 

We also automatically receive and record information from our servers and from your browser, including your IP address, the time of your visit to pages on our site, and information about pages you visited. Unless you have registered for one of our products or services, the information we gather through the use of tracking technologies cannot be matched with any personally identifiable information about you unless you have specifically given us personally identifiable information, in which case we use the information to enhance your services in the ways described below.

We use cookies and tracking technologies in a variety of ways, including: 

Keeping count of return visits to our site or our advertisers' or partners' sites Accumulating and reporting anonymous, aggregate (data collected in mass), statistical information on Web site and advertisement usage Determining which features our overall user population likes best Saving your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our sites Display the most appropriate advertising based on your interests We do not give any personally identifiable information to our partners or advertisers Unless you visit the website of these companies and provide them with personally identifiable information about yourself, these tracking technologies tell those advertisers nothing about who you are. Our advertisers' use of tracking technology is subject to their own privacy policies.

3\. How do we use the information?  
To customize the advertising and content you see To enhance the user experience on our sites. We use tracking information to determine how well each page performs overall based on aggregate user demographics and traffic patterns to those pages. This helps us continue to build a better service for you. To fulfill your requests for certain products and services, such as sending out electronic newsletters and enabling users to participate in paid services, polls, contests, and message boards To send you information you agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to you 

4\. How do we share the information  
Personally identifiable information We will make your personally identifiable information available to other companies or people when: We have your consent to share the information We have engaged companies to work with us or on our behalf to provide a product or service that you have requested, such as opt-in e-mail announcements You use co-branded services. When you use a co-branded service within sites you grant us permission to pass your registration information back to that service partner. Their use of your information is subject to their applicable privacy policies. We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process; or we believe that your actions violate applicable laws, APUG.ORG's Terms of Use or any usage guidelines for specific products or services, or threaten the rights, property, or safety of our organization, our users, or others Aggregate information We aggregate personally identifiable information and disclose such information in a non-personally identifiable manner to advertisers and other third parties for marketing, promotional, and other purposes. We do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to identify you personally.

5\. What are my options?  
Users who would rather not provide any of the user data requested by our registration process do not need to register with us. You can still view much of the content and use many of the services offered by our sites without registering. We also give users the following options: 

Opting not to receive our electronic newsletters or those of third parties when registering. Users who opt-in may remove themselves from mailing lists at any time through the user option pages or by following the instructions at the end of the e-mail they received from us;   
Opting not to provide certain personal information when registering for a site, provided, however that you may not be able to utilize certain of our products or services without providing us with certain information. 

6\. How can I update my personally identifiable information? You can correct or change the information collected during registration for any of our sites. The instructions for doing this can be found in our FAQ. Users may change information at any time and as often as necessary. Users who are experiencing problems with our services or who have questions about how our services work can contact us using the “contact us” link at the bottom of this page. 

7\. How will I know if the privacy policy is changed?  
Any modifications to our privacy practices will be reflected first within this area of our sites. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will indicate on our sites that our privacy practices have changed and provide a link to the new privacy statement. If we are going to be using the information collected from users in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will send affected users written notice by email of the change.

8\. Privacy of children  
Our network of sites is not directed to children under the age of 16. We operate our network of sites in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and do not permit registration by, and will not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from, anyone under 16 years of age. This requirement is clearly posted during the registration process. Questions, comments Questions regarding this privacy statement, or regarding any other aspects of our sites, should be sent via e-mail to http://www.photocentric.co.nz/contact.html We read every message submitted and try to reply promptly to every one. We may also file your comments to improve the site, or review and discard the information Updated Nov9, 2007
