> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iflix.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-09-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190927105356id_/https%3A//www.iflix.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - iflix

  


Welcome to La Famiglia. This super wordy document that you’re about to read is known as our Privacy Policy. It tells you all about our policy regarding the information that we collect, use, disclose and transfer, including your personal information, by the iflix family of companies ("iflix"). That’s right. It is full of legal sounding things that are important and occasionally entertaining personal anecdotes of this copywriter that are not. Unless they get edited out by lawyers or management. Hopefully we get some through the gatekeepers for your enjoyment. Shall we get into it? Let’s play!

We respect your rights to privacy as much as we respect your rights to like Nicolas Cage as an “actor”, under the laws of the country of the iflix company controlling your personal information. It’s a free country, that country of yours, so the inappropriate underwear is cool – but free your information will not be, Yoda. That’s right, locked down like a pair of finger cuffs; we will manage your stuff the way we are legally supposed to. We comply with all of the requirements under the relevant data protection and privacy legislation because we have to. If you need tips, tricks, general advice, your horoscope or detail on what we are doing with all your secrets, see the “Contacting Us” section below. But remember, if you wanna come to the party, you gotta play by the rules, homie. So by using, visiting or browsing the iflix service, you accept and agree to our information practices described below. Even the bits you don’t like. We went to a party once where a guy turned up with a bowl of dip, a hose and a large fan. It didn’t end well and many didn’t like it. But we laughed. Oh, we laughed. 

When we use the term "personal information" in this Privacy Policy, we’re referring to information that can be used to distinctively identify or contact you. Non-personal information is information that cannot be traced back and directly associated to you. We may collect, use, transfer and disclose non-personal information for any purpose, because no one will know it’s you anyway and no one will judge, just like when you are on holiday. Bali, February 2008 – we are looking at you. 

When you decide to join the iflix party, we will receive and store and collect and hoard information about you. We place it in small electronic boxes. We admire it, but tell no one. From time to time, we peer at the insides of those boxes, before quietly slamming said box shut again. These weird boxes that started as a humorous metaphor then went too far will include information such as:

  * Your registration data. Examples may include: 
    * Your name, email address, and telephone number. You are also free to share vital statistics, theories, computational dilemmas, random thoughts and even sewing tips. But if you do, that’s right, into those boxes they go. We collect this information in a number of ways, including left, right, forward, back, when you enter it while using our service, interact with our customer service who actually are nicer than they should be, or participate in surveys or marketing promotions; and
    * Information collected when you give us reviews or feedback, set preferences on the “Settings” page, or otherwise provide information to us through our service or elsewhere. Postcards included. 
  * Information that falls on our laps automatically, by which we actually mean, autoMAGICally! We collect information on your interactions with us and our extremely effective, and delightful advertising, your use of our stupendous service, glorious applications, sites de la Internets, tools of the non-workshop and more iflix service variety, and customer service, as well as information regarding your computer or other device used to access our service (such as gaming systems, Atari (hello, 80s children!), smart TVs, dumb TVs mobile devices, immobile devices and set top boxes of the non information storing kind). This information may include: 
    * What kind of stuff you search, what you select, what you watch, what you ALMOST watched on iflix;
    * Your interactions with customer service, such as levels of flirtiness, the exact occurrence of said incident with regards to when (date/time) and why (reason for contacting us), transcripts of any chat conversations, rap battles, and if you call us, your phone number;
    * Your digital birthmarks, meaning Device IDs or unique identifiers, what device you use and its software characteristics (such as type and configuration), connection information, statistics on page views, referral URLs, ad data, IP address and standard web log information, none of which is particularly funny or able to be made interesting;
    * The stuff we get through the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies. See our Cookies and Internet Advertising section for more details and recipes.
    * Information from your Facebook account: If you choose to sign up and/or share using Facebook, we will obtain information from your social networking account, such as your contact details, gender, and birth date. Anyway…let’s keep going, soldier!
    * Other stuff we collect from other sources: Besides all the types of information mentioned above, we might also obtain additional info from other sources and informants (legally, of course) including from both online and offline data mongers. This type of information may include really boring but essential stuff like demographic data and Internet browsing behavior, warts and all. All these supporting information for as long as they are consistent with this Privacy Policy, will be used in benevolent ways such as: getting closer to our current, former and potential members by way of analyzing and understanding them better – we love you all; improving our service (including our user interface experiences), improved service delivery, better content selection, optimized algorithms designed by people who think like robots and don’t generally go on dates, marketing and promotional activities; as well as keeping us and our members safe from fraud and unauthorized access. We have a very strong aversion to fraud based on personal experience. Damn you, supposed friend of a non-existent African dictator and your promised slice of the pie. Damn you.



If you don’t give us your personal information described above, some or all of the following may happen:

  * we may not be able to provide the requested products or services to you, either to the same standard as would make our parents proud or at all, which would be disastrous for your Friday evenings;
  * we may not be able to provide you with information about products and services that you may want, including information about discounts, sales or special, special promotions; 
  * we may be unable to tailor the content of our websites to your preferences and your experience of our websites may not be as enjoyable or useful, like bad pizza which is still OK but not amazing; or
  * Armageddon, starring Bruce Willis.



Here’s the part where we explain to you how all that information you’re providing us will be put to good use. The stuff we collect from you will be to provide, analyze, administer, minister, enhance and dance and personalize our services and marketing efforts for you and others and the whole wide world, including to process your registration, your orders and your payments, and to communicate with you on these and other topics in accordance with the prevailing data protection and privacy legislation of the relevant countries we are operating in. And therein ends this Privacy Policy’s longest sentence with eight occurrences of the word “and”. That’s eight coordinating conjunctions, grammar nerds. Eight, I tell you! For example, we may use the information we collect for purposes such as:

  * identifying, investigating and going ham on potentially prohibited or illegal activities, including fraud, from Africa or elsewhere, and enforcing our terms (such as whether you qualify for a free trail or complimentary hugs), which are solely based on our mood and very little else);
  * locating where you are – geographically speaking, providing localized content, shoving down recommendations of movies and TV shows down your throats that WE think but don’t know for sure will be enjoyable, determining your Internet service provider and helping us quickly and efficiently respond to enquiries and requests, including for food delivery and sound career advice;
  * taking a step back to assess how we’re doing and then improving what needs to be improved, as far as the operations of the service is concerned;
  * getting in touch with you through sending of SMSes (non-chargeable), e-mails and e-greetings, push notifications or other correspondence and advertising concerning our service, including newsletters, messages about new iflix features, iflix special offers, iflix change of outfits, promotional stuff and the occasional semi-intrusive surveys. We will also, on and off partner with companies whose products we believe (but can’t be sure of) will be of interest to you and whose philosophies dance in the same circles of magic that ours do. In conjunction with these partners, we may send promotional announcements and/or serve web-based advertisements on their behalf, as permitted by law. Please see the "Your Preferences" section of this policy, yup another section, for information regarding bailing out of marketing emails, destroying uncanned SPAM and push notifications, as well your choices regarding other types of advertising;
  * complying with any law, rule, regulation, lawful and binding determination, decision or direction of a regulator or other power ranger, or in cooperation with any governmental authority of any country (or political sub-division of a country, whatever that precisely means). 



We may use information on a holistically random or anonymous basis. That basically means your information plus others’ information equals something that doesn’t look like anyone’s but works for everyone. We call it the “information cocktail”. For example, we use consumption behavior, as well as commentary and reviews, on an aggregate or anonymous basis, to give you more relevant recommendations as well as other users. All these information may be used to create an information cocktail for a variety purposes not explicitly set forth in this policy. But it will certainly be delicious.

  * The information that now belongs to us will also be shared among the iflix family of companies. For those that were paying attention from section 1, that’s La Famiglia. These companies, when handling this information, will be mindful and follow practices that are consistent with the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
  * Offers and Promos: Sometimes we get really generous and go on a gifting spree. When this happens, we may give you joint promotions or programs that, in order for your participation, will require us to share your information with third parties, which are not parties we prefer on weekends, but sometimes are required. For example, we may partner with companies that offer cool incentives, like frequent flyer miles that allow you to plan adventures in magical foreign lands with exotic names like Puerto Rico or Singapore, or sometimes, less useful incentives like buy-one-free-one root canal. In fulfilling these types of promotions, we may share your name and other information in connection with fulfilling the incentive. Basically, if you take part, you agree to our sharing of your information. FYI, the privacy practices of these third party businesses are not on us, which, again, for clarity, are not businesses engaged in the provision of the fun kinda party. Though from time to time, when the sun shines just right, this may in fact be exactly what they do.
  * Service Providers: Sometimes we need a helping hand (or two) to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with the services we’ve promised to give to you. We do so with the help of other companies, agents or contractors ("Service Providers"). For example, we engage Service Providers to provide marketing, advertising, communications, massage, infrastructure and IT services, to personalize and optimize our service, to process and limit fraud in connection with credit card transactions or other payment methods, to provide customer service, to collect debts with red paint and force (joking!), to analyze and enhance data, because you really can enhance data, people, (including data about users' interactions with our service), and to process and administer consumer surveys. In the course of providing such services, these Service Providers may have access to your personal or other information. We do not authorize them to use or share your personal information except in connection with providing their services. If they disclose anything outside of that scope, there will be hell to pay. 
  * Covering the necks of iflix and others: when the need arises, iflix and its Service Providers may share and otherwise use your personal and other information where we or they reasonably believe such disclosure is needed to (a) satisfy any applicable law or law man who is the law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (b) enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities (including payment fraud), security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of iflix, its users or the public whom we are sworn to defend, as required or permitted by law.
  * Handing over of Business: Worst case scenario - If the time comes and there is any reorganization, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transfer of assets, we reserve the right to transfer information, including personal information, provided that the receiving party does not abuse your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Policy. And we would like to keep our jobs, too, in such instances, if that’s ok for everyone?
  * Facebook: If you choose to take advantage in a wholesome way of our Facebook sign-up and/or sharing feature, you will be choosing to disclose information as set forth in Section 2 above.
  * Stuff you choose to make known to the world: During playtime, you will have opportunities to post reviews or other information publicly. Please do so with car and understand that when you post such information it is made public and we are not responsible for any third party's use of information you publicly disclose through our service, whether in a way that makes you famous or mad. 
  * Giving access to your account to people: Could be your significant other, could be your pet cat. Either way, if you do decide to share or otherwise allow someone other than you to have access to your account, they will obviously be able to see your information and some secret bits, including in some cases personal information, such as your viewing history, ratings, reviews and account information (including your email address or other information in “Settings”). This remains true even if you use our profiles feature; see the Profiles section of this policy for more deets.
  * Lumping everything into one: We may provide analysis of and information from or about our users in the aggregate or otherwise in anonymous form to partners, Service Providers and other third parties. That’s right! This is the information cocktail again. Are we keeping up? Great! 



We and our service providers use cookies to make the pain go away. We also use cookies of the internet flavour, along with other technologies (such as web beacons, not bacons) for various reasons. For example, we use cookies and other technologies to make it easy to access our services by remembering you when you return (welcome back, btw), to provide and analyze our services, to learn more about our users and their likely interests, and to deliver and tailor marketing or advertising or a new three piece suit, Giovanni. We want you to be informed about our use of these technologies, so this notice explains the types of technologies we use, what they do and your choices regarding their use. If it’s pain you need help with, see below. 

## 5.1 What are cookies?

According to Wikipedia, cookies are a small, flat baked treat. According to iflix, cookies are happiness. On the internet and in the context of our Privacy Policy, Cookies are small data files that are commonly stored on your device when you browse and use websites and online services. They are generally inedible, but they are widely used to make websites work, or to work more efficiently, as well as to provide reporting information and assist with service or advertising personalization.

Cookies are not the only types of technology that enable this functionality; we also use other, similar types of technologies. See below for more information and examples. 

## 5.2 Why does iflix use cookies?

We and our service providers may use the following types of cookies:

  * Essential cookies: These cookies are mostly chocolate chip. If technical or internet based, these cookies are strictly necessary to provide our website or online service. For example, we or our service providers may use these cookies to authenticate and identify our members when they use our websites and applications so we can provide our service to them. They also help us to enforce our Terms of Use, prevent fraud and maintain the security of our service and justice for all.
  * Performance and functionality cookies: These cookies are either high protein, low carb or contain oats, which mean they are not essential, but have some value. In a technical sense, this kind of cookie helps us to personalize and enhance your online experience with iflix. For example, they help us to remember your preferences and prevent you from needing to re-enter information you previously provided (for example, during member sign up, which would be really annoying). We also use these cookies to collect information (such as popular pages, conversion rates, viewing patterns, click-through and other information) about our visitors' use of the iflix service so that we can, again, enhance that data and personalize our website and service and conduct market research. Coordinating conjunctions rule once more. Deletion of these types of cookies will result in limited functionality of our service which would suck for everyone. So don’t delete them unless you really want to.
  * Advertising cookies: These cookies are artisanal baked goods, work in cool offices, create stuff and probably have tattoos. In a technical sense and in relation to the iflix service, these cookies use information about your visit to this and other websites, such as the pages you visit, your use of our service or your response to ads and emails, to deliver ads that are more relevant to you, both on and off our website. These types of ads are called “Interest-Based Advertising.” This type of policy is called a “Privacy Policy”. We are big fans of “Air Quotes”. So we don’t get it twisted, many of the advertising cookies associated with our service belong to our service providers.
  * Biscuits: these are English cookies that bring royal joy. Often eaten as a companion snack to a cup of tea. 



## 5.3 How Does iflix use Web Beacons and other Technologies?

Web beacons (also known as clear gifs or pixel tags) are not a bacon substitute and often work in conjunction with the cookies described above that are not baked goods. We and our service providers may use web beacons for similar purposes as cookies, such as to understand and enhance the use of our service, improve site performance, monitor visitor traffic and actions on our site, and understand interactions with our marketing (including email and online ads on third party sites). Because web beacons often work in conjunction with cookies, in many cases, declining cookies will impair the effectiveness of web beacons. Chocolate chip and bacon cookies, however? Glory. Decline them at your peril. 

We use other technologies that are similar to cookies but which don’t take a good joke too far, such as browser storage and plugins (e.g., HTML5, and Silverlight storage). Like cookies, some of these technologies may store small amounts of data on your device, whether said device is small or not. We may use these and various other technologies for similar purposes as cookies, such as to enforce our terms, prevent fraud, and analyze the use of our service. There are a number of ways to exercise choice, including with confidence, recklessness or with general curiosity. There are also a number of ways to exercise choice regarding these technologies. For example, many popular browsers provide the ability to clear browser storage, commonly in the settings or preferences area; see your browser’s help function or support area to learn more. Other technologies, such as Silverlight storage, may be cleared from within the application. You, my friend, in understanding all of the above, are cleared for technology take off. 

When we were just a teenage iflix, we made some bad decisions. We came home late, we hung out with the wrong technology partners, we offered dangerous content. We have learned our lessons from these poor choices, but that doesn’t mean we wont respect yours. If you no longer want to receive certain communications from us via email, simply click on the "unsubscribe" link in our marketing emails. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us, such as messages relating to your account transactions or what we deem to be important to the ongoing servicing of your membership. Really, just the super important stuff, we promise. 

We give you access and the ability to update a broad range of information about your account, including your contact information and your communication preferences in the "Settings" portion of our website. You must be signed in to access "Settings." Which is actually YOUR account. It’s confusing, we know. If you have a question regarding our privacy practices, this policy, or want to exercise your rights regarding your personal information, please contact us at privacy@iflix.com.

We have decided they aren’t for us at this stage, regardless of pressure from our parents. You, however, can’t be one (a kid, not someone who doesn’t want kids) if you wanna join this party. You must be 18 years of age or older to subscribe to the iflix service. In certain jurisdictions, the age of majority may be older than 18, in which case, you must satisfy that age in order to become a member. You will be carded at the door. While individuals under the age of 18 may utilize the service, they may do so only with the involvement, supervision, and approval of a parent or legal guardian, and subject to our Terms of Use.

Sometimes, you may land on iflix via other platforms other than the ones we’ve set up or we’ll have links to sites operated by third parties whose policies we’re not accountable for. They may lack our substance or general countenance, though there is a strong possibility they have more style. You may be able to access the iflix service through platforms such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, set top boxes and a number of other Internet connected devices. You are unlikely to be able to access the service through telepathy, but we are working on it. These other websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully and absolutely guarantee lack the verve and excitement of ours. In addition, you may encounter third party applications that interact with the iflix service. Is it just us or does the word “encounter” feel like something to do with aliens. The lawyers say no, we say yes. You be the judge (get it? So good). iflix is not responsible for the information handling practices of these other websites and platforms. Or if they suck. To learn more, see our Terms of Use.

We take the safety of our members very seriously around here. We’d like to provide the same sense of security that an infatuated boyfriend does. So we take every reasonable precautionary measure in the form of administrative, technical, physical and managerial steps to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and unauthorized access, use and modification. For example, we employ large men to stand around and look hard. We have very big padlocks. We have the dogs of war at the ready. We have a very big stick. Our pen is our weapon and it’s mightier than the sword, even if we prefer a sword. We may also utilize Secure Sockets Layering, an industry-standard protocol for certain of your transmissions to us, in order to encrypt certain personal information that you send to us through the registration and sign up process. 

But with all that said, please know that no security system is TOTALLY secure. And no man is an army. And therefore, we cannot guarantee the security of your information and cannot assume liability for improper access to it. By using our service, including our website and user interfaces, or providing information to us through any means, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the iflix service. We would like to also use morse code, but apparently that’s too “hipster”. Whatever to you, Mr. The Man. 

As a form of lubrication, in order to provide you with ease of access to your account and to help administer the iflix service, we implement technology that enables us to recognize you as the account holder and provide you with direct access to your account without requiring you to retype any password or other user identification when you revisit the iflix service. You can choose not to take advantage of this feature on your computer by unchecking the box "Remember me on this computer" when you login on the website. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account access information and for restricting access to your computer or device through which you access your iflix account. Where possible, users of public or shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit. If you sell or return a computer or iflix-approved device, you should invest the money wisely. You should also make sure you log-out from and deactivate the device before doing so. If you do not maintain the security of your password or device, or fail to log out or deactivate your device, subsequent users may be able to access your account, including your personal information and will not only see all those photos, they may share them with your enemies. 

Have any burning questions of the (iflix) kind? Please visit our FAQs, where you will also find information on how to contact our Customer Service for assistance. For questions about our Customer Service, please contact Customer Service. For questions specifically concerning this Privacy Policy, or our use of your personal information, cookies or similar technologies, please contact us via email at privacy@iflix.com. Alternatively, if your don’t have the internet, then you aren’t reading this, but you can still write to us at the following address that you wont know if you aren’t reading this because you aren’t on the internet:

The Playground, Suite 19.01, Centrepoint North, Mid Valley City, 59200 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. Attention: Legal Counsel. 

“The Internet is a global environment”, said our lawyer. “The Internet is an information super highway”, said the 1990s. “The Internet is a purple shaped information dream, floating on an amorphous data reality cloud that tastes like triangle”, said the surrealist. Whatever definition floats your boat, using the Internet to collect and process information necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by using iflix, you acknowledge and agree to the transfer of your information outside your country of residence to any country where we have facilities or engage Service Providers. You understand that the countries to which we may transfer information may not have as comprehensive a level of data protection as in your country, although they have great beaches and superb food. Nonetheless, your personal information will continue to be protected in accordance with the standards described in this policy.

Nothing is set in stone. And yup, this Privacy Policy included. So we might, from time to time, make changes to this fine piece of document. When we make changes to the Privacy Policy that we consider important, we’ll let you know through the service or through email. When that happens, it will be swift and very ninja-like and effective immediately and may have to happen faster than we can make the revisions amusing; by continuing to play with us after those changes are made, you are directly acknowledging your acceptance of the changes, funny or not. 

And with that, we’re done. Peace out.
