> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iflyworld.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190622080735id_/https%3A//www.iflyworld.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# iFLY Online Privacy Policy

Effective Date: 4/19/2019.

A. Information about You that You Provide.  
iFLY, and/or its Service Providers (defined below), may collect information you provide directly to iFLY and/or its Service Providers via the Service. For example, iFLY collects information when you use or register for the Service, subscribe to notifications, post on the Service, participate in promotional activities, or communicate or transact through the Service. In addition, when you interact with Third-Party Services (defined below), you may be able to provide information to those third parties.

Information iFLY, its Service Providers and/or Third-Party Services may collect may include: (1) personally identifiable information, which is information that identifies you personally, such as your first and last name, e-mail address, phone number, address, and full payment account number (“Personal Information”); and (2) demographic information, such as your gender, age, zip code, interests, and recent and upcoming purchases (“Demographic Information”). Except to the extent required by applicable law, Demographic Information is “non-Personal Information” (i.e., data that is not Personal Information under this Privacy Policy). In addition, Personal Information, including, without limitation, iFLY-Collected PI (defined below), once “De-identified” (i.e., the removal or modification of the personally identifiable elements, or the extraction non-personally identifiable elements is also non-Personal Information and may be used and shared without obligation to you, except as prohibited by applicable law. To the extent any non-Personal Information is combined by or on behalf of iFLY with Personal Information iFLY itself collects directly from you on the Service (“iFLY-Collected PI”), iFLY will treat the combined data as iFLY-Collected PI under this Privacy Policy.

i. iFLY ID  
iFLY collects information you provide during the iFLY ID account registration in order to provide you access to the iFLY ID platform where you can create your iFLY ID profile.

ii. iFLY Waiver  
iFLY collects information you provide during the iFLY Waiver process in order to evaluate your eligibility to participate at an iFLY Tunnel.

iii. iFLY Pictures and Videos  
iFLY collects your photo and video information consented to before flight.

B. Information Collected Automatically.  
iFLY its Service Providers, and/or Third-Party Services may also automatically collect certain information about you when you access or use the Service (“Usage Information”). Usage Information may include IP address, device identifier, browser type, operating system, information about your use of the Service, and data regarding network connected hardware (e.g., computer or mobile device). Except to the extent required by applicable law, or to the extent Usage Information is combined by or on behalf of iFLY with iFLY-Collected PI, iFLY does not consider Usage Information (including, without limitation, unique device identifiers) to be Personal Information or iFLY-Collected PI.

The methods that may be used on the Service to collect Usage Information include:  
o Log Information: Log information is data about your use of the Service, such as IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamps, and related data, and may be stored in log files.

o Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: Cookies, location-identifying technologies, device recognition technologies, and other tracking technologies now and hereafter developed (“Tracking Technologies”) may be used to collect information about interactions with the Service or e-mails, including information about your browsing and purchasing behavior.  
o Cookies  
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s device, which may be session ID cookies or tracking cookies. Session cookies make it easier for you to navigate the Service and expire when you close your browser. Tracking cookies remain longer and help in understanding how you use the Service and enhance your user experience. Cookies may remain on your hard drive for an extended period of time. If you use your browser’s method of blocking or removing cookies, some but not all types of cookies may be deleted and/or blocked and as a result some features, and functionalities of the Service may not work. A Flash cookie (or locally shared object) is a data file which may be placed on a device via the Adobe Flash plug-in that may be built-in to or downloaded by you to your device. HTML5 cookies can be programmed through HTML5 local storage. Flash cookies and HTML5 cookies are locally stored on your device other than in the browser and browser settings won’t control them. The Service may associate some or all of these types of cookies with your devices.

o Location-identifying Technologies  
GPS (global positioning systems) software, geo-filtering and other location-aware technologies locate you (sometimes precisely), or make assumptions about your location, for purposes such as verifying your location and delivering or restricting content, based on your location. If you have enabled GPS or use other location-based features on the Service, your device location may be tracked by us and third parties. Our tunnel finder feature may access and use information about your device location (such as based on IP address or GPS, as applicable), or your account information, to suggest appropriate store locations. Our Service content may be personalized based on various information we may have about you to try to provide you with more location-relevant content.

o Device Recognition Technologies.  
Technologies, including application of statistical probability to data sets, as well as linking a common unique identifier to different device use (e.g., Facebook ID), which attempt to recognize or make assumptions about users and devices (e.g., that a user of multiple devices is the same user or household) (“Cross-device Data”).

Some information about your use of the Service and certain third-party services may be collected using Tracking Technologies across time and services and used by iFLY and third parties for purposes such as to associate different devices you use and deliver relevant ads and/or other content to you on the Service and certain third-party services.

iFLY is giving you notice of the Tracking Technologies and your choices regarding them so that your consent to encountering them is meaningfully informed.

C. Information iFLY Collects from Other Sources.  
iFLY may also obtain information about you from other sources, including Service Providers and Third-Party Services, and combine that with iFLY-Collected PI. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, except to the extent such data combined by or on behalf of iFLY with iFLY-Collected PI, this Privacy Policy is not intended to limit iFLY’s activities regarding such third-party-sourced, or non-Service-sourced, information (including Personal Information), and such data will only be treated as iFLY-collected PI to the extend it is combined with iFLY-collected PI. iFLY is not responsible or liable for the accuracy of the information provided by third parties or for third party policies or practices.

2\. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE OBTAIN.

iFLY may use information about you, including iFLY-Collected PI and other Personal Information, for any purposes not inconsistent with iFLY’s statements under this Privacy Policy, or otherwise made by us in writing at the point of collection, and not prohibited by applicable law, including, without limitation, the following:

• Allow you to participate in the features we offer on the Service;  
• Facilitate, manage, personalize, and improve your online experience;  
• Process your registration, manage your account and/or upload your User Generated Content (“UGC”);  
• Transact with you, provide services or information you request, respond to your comments, questions and requests, serve you content and/or advertising, and send you notices;  
• iFLY Parties’ marketing and other purposes;  
• Improve the Service and for any other internal business purposes;  
• Tailor our content, advertisements, and offers;  
• Fulfill other purposes disclosed at the time you provide Personal Information or otherwise where we are legally permitted or are required to do so;  
• Determine your location and manage digital content rights (e.g., territory restrictions); and  
• Prevent and address fraud, breach of policies or terms, and threats or harm.

3\. INFORMATION WE SHARE WITH THIRD PARTIES.

iFLY may share non-Personal Information, and Personal Information that is not deemed iFLY-Collected PI hereunder (provided that iFLY is aware of no restrictions of iFLY’s use, if any), with third parties or iFLY Companies and their affiliates (“iFLY Parties”) for any purpose. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we and third parties may convert your Personal Information, including iFLY-Collected PI, to non-Personal Information, including without limitation through hashing it or substituting a unique identifier for the Personal Information and we and third parties may use and share that data as permitted by applicable law, including to match data attributes to and from other sources. Any such third-party activities are subject to their privacy policies and practices. iFLY’s sharing of iFLY-Collected PI is, however, subject to the following:

• Marketing: Subject to your communications choices, and the rights of California residents, we may use your Personal Information to send you marketing communications. iFLY will not share your iFLY-Collected PI with third parties, other than iFLY Parties for their own direct marketing purposes, except in connection with Corporate Transactions (defined below).  
• Your Disclosure or Consent: your activities on the Service may, by their nature, result in the sharing of your iFLY-collected Personal Information (as well as your other Personal Information and your non-Personal Information) with third parties and by engaging in these activities you consent to that and further sharing and disclosure to third parties. Such third-party data receipt and collection is subject to the privacy and business practices of that third party, not iFLY.

iFLY may also share any information about you (including, without limitation, iFLY-Collected PI) for any purposes not inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, or our written statements at the point of collection, and otherwise not prohibited by applicable law, including, without limitation:

• iFLY’s agents, vendors, consultants, and other service providers (collectively “Service Providers”) may receive, or be given access to, your information, including, without limitation, Personal Information, Demographic Information, and Usage Information, in connection with their work on iFLY’s behalf, provided however, iFLY does not authorize its Service Providers to use iFLY-Collected PI provided by iFLY to the Service Providers to send you direct marketing messages other than related to iFLY absent your consent.  
• To comply with the law, law enforcement or other legal process, and, where permitted, in response to a government request; and  
• If iFLY believes your actions are inconsistent with iFLY’s terms of use, user agreements, applicable terms or policies, or to protect the rights, property, life, health, security and safety of iFLY, the Service or its users, or any third party.

In addition, iFLY may share your iFLY-Collected Personal Information (as well as your other Personal Information and your non-Personal Information), in connection with or during negotiations of any proposed or actual financing of our business, or merger, purchase, sale, joint venture, or any other type of acquisition or business combination of all or any portion of iFLY assets, or transfer of all or a portion of iFLY’s business to another iFLY, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding (“Corporate Transactions”).

In conjunction with laws and regulations enforced by the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”), the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs (“OFCCP”) and similar state and local regulatory agencies, we may ask you to provide us with self-identifying information (such as veteran status, gender and ethnicity). Providing such self-identifying information is voluntary, but if you do provide us with such information, we may submit that information, to the EEOC, the OFCCP and similar state and local regulatory agencies or otherwise use or disclose it for business-related purposes, including, without limitation, responding to information requests, fulfilling regulatory reporting requirements and defending against employment related complaints.

4\. SWEEPSTAKES, CONTESTS, AND PROMOTIONS.

iFLY may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (each, a “Promotion”), including Promotions jointly sponsored or offered by third parties, which may require submitting Personal Information. If you voluntarily choose to enter a Promotion, your information, including Personal Information, may be disclosed to iFLY, co-sponsors, Service Providers, and other third parties, including for administrative purposes and as required by law (e.g., on a winners list). By entering, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that Promotion, which may include consent to additional or differing data practices from those contained in this Privacy Policy. Please review those rules carefully.

5\. INFORMATION YOU DISCLOSE PUBLICLY OR TO OTHERS ON IFLY.

A. User Generated Content and Public Information.  
The iFLY ID Service may permit you to post or submit UGC including, without limitation, written content, user profiles, audio or visual recordings, computer graphics, pictures, data, or other content, including Personal Information. If you choose to submit UGC to any public area of the Service, your UGC will be considered “public” and will be accessible by anyone, including iFLY. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, unless otherwise explicitly agreed by us, Personal Information included in UGC is not subject to iFLY’s usage or sharing limitations, or other obligations, regarding iFLY-Collected PI or other Personal Information under this Privacy Policy or otherwise, and may be used and shared by iFLY and third parties to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law. iFLY encourages you to exercise caution when making decisions about what you disclose in such public areas.

Additionally, the Service may offer you the option to send a communication to a friend or other contact. If so, iFLY relies on you to only send to people that have given you permission to do so. The recipient’s Personal Information you provide (e.g., name, e-mail address) will be used to facilitate the communication, but not used by iFLY for any other marketing purpose unless iFLY obtains consent from that person. Your contact information and message may be included in the communication.

B. iFLY ID Profiles.  
A user’s iFLY ID profile page may be, by default, set up to display information such as the user’s display name, images, location (city/state/country), and optional information added by the user including, for example, the user’s tagline, photographs and biographic information. We may offer users the ability to manage their iFLY ID public profile and use profile preference settings, the functionality and features of which are subject to change from time-to-time so visit it frequently to confirm the settings reflect your then current preferences. We recommend that you do not post information or content as part of your iFLY ID profile that you are not prepared to make public. Changing setting options may not result in immediate changes to the settings, which are subject to our operations and maintenance schedules. Users should carefully consider the use of such settings to improve information display options and to ensure the settings are properly set and functioning in the manner desired.

6\. THIRD-PARTY CONTENT, THIRD-PARTY SERVICES, SOCIAL FEATURES, ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS.

The Service may include hyperlinks to, or include on or in connection with, the Service (e.g., apps and plug-ins), websites, locations, platforms, applications or services operated by third parties (“Third-Party Service(s)”). These Third-Party Services may use their own cookies, web beacons, and other Tracking Technology to independently collect information about you and may solicit Personal Information from you.

Certain functionalities on the Service permit interactions that you initiate between the Service and certain Third-Party Services, such as third party social networks (“Social Features”). Examples of Social Features include: enabling you to send content such as contacts and photos between the Service and a Third-Party Service; “liking” or “sharing” iFLY’s content; logging in to the Service using your Third-Party Service account (e.g., using Facebook Connect to sign-in to the Service); and to otherwise connect the Service to a Third-Party Service (e.g., to pull or push information to or from the Service). If you use Social Features, and potentially other Third-Party Services, information you post or provide access to may be publicly displayed on the Service or by the Third-Party Service that you use. Similarly, if you post information on a third-party service that references the Service (e.g., by using a hashtag associated with iFLY or other iFLY Parties in a tweet or status update), your post may be used on or in connection with the Service or otherwise by iFLY and iFLY Parties. Also, both iFLY and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of the Service and any Third-Party Service.

iFLY may engage and work with Service Providers and other third parties to serve advertisements on the Service and/or on third-party services. Some of these ads may be tailored to your interest based on your browsing of the Service and elsewhere on the Internet, which may include use of precise location and/or Cross-device Data, sometimes referred to as “interest-based advertising” and “online behavioral advertising” (“Interest-based Advertising”), which may include sending you an ad on a third-party service after you have left the Service (i.e., “retargeting”).

iFLY may use Google Analytics or other Service Providers for analytics services. These analytics services may use cookies and other Tracking Technologies to help iFLY analyze Service users and how they use the Service. Information generated by these services (e.g., your IP address and other Usage Information) may be transmitted to and stored by these Service Providers on servers in the U.S. (or elsewhere) and these Service Providers may use this information for purposes such as evaluating your use of the Service, compiling statistic reports on the Service’s activity, and providing other services relating to Service activity and other Internet usage.

Except to the extent we combine information we receive from Service Providers, Third-Party Services, or other third parties with iFLY-Collected PI, in which case iFLY will treat the combined information as iFLY-Collected PI under this Privacy Policy, data obtained by iFLY from a third party, even in association with the Service, is not subject to iFLY’s limitations regarding iFLY-Collected PI under this Privacy Policy, however such data remains subject to any restrictions imposed on iFLY by the third party, if any. Otherwise, the information collected, stored, and shared by third parties remains subject to their privacy policies and practices, including whether they continue to share information with iFLY, the types of information shared, and your choices on what is visible to others on Third-Party Services.

iFLY is not responsible for, and makes no representations regarding, the policies or business practices of any third parties, including, without limitation, analytics Service Providers and Third-Party Services associated with the Service, and encourages you to familiarize yourself with and consult their privacy policies and terms of use.

7\. DATA SECURITY AND MONITORING.

iFLY takes reasonable measures to protect iFLY-Collected PI (excluding public UGC) from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Nevertheless, transmission via the Internet and online digital storage are not completely secure and iFLY does not guarantee the security of your information collected through the Service.

To help protect you and others, iFLY and its Service Providers may (but make no commitment to) monitor use of the Service, and may collect and use related information including iFLY-Collected PI and other Personal Information for all purposes not prohibited by applicable law or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, including, without limitation, to identify fraudulent activities and transactions; prevent abuse of, and investigate and/or seek prosecution for, any potential threats to or misuse of the Service; ensure compliance with the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy; investigate violations of or enforce these documents; and otherwise to protect the rights and property of iFLY Parties, third parties, and other users. Monitoring may result in the collection, recording, and analysis of online activity or communications through our Service. If you do not consent to these conditions, you must discontinue your use of the Service.

8\. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER.

iFLY is based in the U.S. and the information iFLY and its Service Providers collect is governed by U.S. law. If you are accessing the Service from outside of the U.S., please be aware that information collected through the Service may be transferred to, processed, stored, and used in the U.S. Data protection laws in the U.S. may be different from those of your country of residence. Your use of the Service or provision of any information therefore constitutes your consent to the transfer to and from, processing, usage, sharing, and storage of your information, including Personal Information, in the U.S. as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you are visiting the Service from the European Economic Area, please refer to the appropriate EU Privacy Notice: https://www.iflyworld.co.uk/ or https://www.iflyfrance.com/.

9\. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY.

The Service is intended for a general audience and not directed to children less than 13 years of age. Some portions of the Service, however, may be intended as appropriate for a mixed audience of users under and over 13 years of age, or for users under 13 years of age (e.g., a separate ‘Kids” section). For further information on how iFLY treats Children’s Personal Information (defined below) in connection with any children’s or mixed-use portions of the Service (if any), please see the Children’s Privacy Policy posted thereon, which will be deemed incorporated herein for purposes of that part of the Service.

iFLY does not intend to collect personal information as defined by the U.S. Children’s Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) (“Children’s Personal Information”) in a manner that is not permitted by COPPA, and for any children’s or mixed -use portions of the Service (if any) iFLY will comply with COPPA. If we obtain knowledge that we have collected Children’s Personal Information in a manner not permitted by COPPA, we will remove such data to the extent required by COPPA.

Any California residents under the age of eighteen (18) who have registered to use the Service, and who posted content or information on the Service, can request removal by contacting iFLY, detailing where the content or information is posted and attesting that you posted it. iFLY will then make reasonably good faith efforts to remove the post from prospective public view or anonymize it so the minor cannot be individually identified to the extent required by applicable law. This removal process cannot ensure complete or comprehensive removal. For instance, third-parties may have republished or archived content by search engines and others that iFLY does not control.

10\. ACCESSING AND CHANGING INFORMATION.

iFLY may provide web pages or other mechanisms allowing you to delete, correct, or update some of the iFLY-Collected PI, and potentially certain other information about you (e.g., profile and account information). iFLY will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in iFLY’s then-active databases as soon as practicable, but it is not always possible to completely change, remove or delete all of your information or public postings from iFLY’s databases (California minors see Section 9) and residual and/or cached data may remain archived thereafter. Further, we reserve the right to retain data (a) as required by applicable law; and (b) for so long as reasonably necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the data is retained except to the extent prohibited by applicable law.

11\. CHOICES: TRACKING AND COMMUNICATIONS OPTIONS.

A. Tracking Technologies Generally.  
Regular cookies may generally be disabled or removed by tools available as part of most commercial browsers, and in some instances blocked in the future by selecting certain settings. Browsers offer different functionalities and options, so you may need to set them separately. Also, tools from commercial browsers may not be effective with regard to Flash cookies (also known as locally shared objects), HTML5 cookies, or other Tracking Technologies. For information on disabling Flash cookies, go to Adobe’s website. Please be aware that if you disable or remove these technologies, some parts of the Service may not work and that when you revisit the Service your ability to limit browser-based Tracking Technologies is subject to your browser settings and limitations.

Your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to online services you visit. Note, however, there is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many online services, iFLY currently does not alter iFLY’s practices when iFLY receives a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. iFLY is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of this third party information. Some third parties, however, may offer you choices regarding their Tracking Technologies. One way to potentially identify cookies on our web site is to add the free Ghostery plug-in to your browser (www.ghostery.com), which according to Ghostery will display for you traditional, browser-based cookies associated with the web sites (but not mobile apps) you visit and privacy and opt-out policies and options of the parties operating those cookies. iFLY is not responsible for the completeness or accuracy of this tool or third-party choice notices or mechanisms. For specific information on some of the choice options offered by third party analytics and advertising providers, see the next section.

B. Analytics and Advertising Tracking Technologies.  
You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Google Analytics by going here or downloading the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. You may exercise choices regarding the use of cookies from Adobe Analytics by going under the section labeled “Tell our customers not to measure your use of their web sites or tailor their online ads for you.”

You may choose whether to receive some Interest-based Advertising by submitting opt-outs. Some of the advertisers and Service Providers that perform advertising-related services for us and third parties may participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance’s (“DAA”) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising. To learn more about how you can exercise certain choices regarding Interest-based Advertising, including use of Cross-device Data for serving ads, visit here. Some of these companies may also be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”). To learn more about the NAI and your opt-out options for their members, see here. Please be aware that, even if you are able to opt out of certain kinds of Interest-based Advertising, you may continue to receive other types of ads. Opting out only means that those selected members should no longer deliver certain Interest-based Advertising to you but does not mean you will no longer receive any targeted content and/or ads (e.g., from other ad networks). Also, if your browsers are configured to reject cookies when you visit these opt-out webpages, or you subsequently erase your cookies, use a different device or web browser or use a non-browser-based method of access (e.g., mobile app), your NAI / DAA browser-based opt-out may not, or may no longer, be effective. iFLY supports the ad industry’s 2009 Self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising and expects that ad networks iFLY directly engages to serve you Interest-based Advertising will do so as well, though iFLY cannot guarantee their compliance. iFLY is not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs.

In addition, we may serve ads on third-party services that are targeted to reach people on those services that are also identified on one of more of our data bases (“Matched List Ads”). This is done by using Tracking Technologies or by matching common factors between our data bases and the data bases of the third-party services. For instance, we may use such ad services offered by Facebook or Twitter and other Third-Party Services. We are not responsible for these Third-Party Services, including without limitation their security of the data. If we use Facebook to serve Matched List Ads on Facebook services, you should be able to hover over the box in the right corner of such a Facebook ad, or go to your account settings, and find out what options Facebook offers you to control such ads. If we use Twitter Matched List Ads, you should be able to review your ad options in your account settings on Twitter. We are not responsible for such third parties’ failure to comply with your or our opt-out instructions, they may not give us notice of opt-outs to our ads that you give to them, and they may change their options without notice to us or you.

C. Communications.  
You can opt out of receiving certain promotional communications (emails) from iFLY at any time by (i) for promotional e-mails, following the instructions provided in emails to click on the unsubscribe link, or if available by changing your communication preferences by logging onto your account. Please note that your opt-out is limited to the e-mail address used and will not affect subsequent subscriptions. If you opt-out of only certain communications, other subscription communications may continue. Even if you opt out of receiving promotional communications, iFLY may, subject to applicable law, continue to send you non-promotional communications, such as those about your account, transactions, servicing, or iFLY’s ongoing business relations.

D. Cross-Device Data.  
To learn more about how you can exercise choices regarding certain choices regarding Cross-device data for Interest-based Advertising, see the prior section regarding the DAA’s Interest-based Advertising choices.

12\. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS.

We do not share personal information as defined by California Civil Code Section 1798.83 (“Shine the Light law”) with third parties for their direct marketing purposes without either obtaining your consent or giving you the ability to opt-out. To opt-out of future sharing with third parties for their direct marking purposes, check here. If you are a California resident, you may request information about our compliance with the Shine the Light law by contacting us here or by sending a letter to 6200 Bridge Point Parkway Bldg. 4, Suite 400., Austin, Texas 78730, (Attention: Legal Counsel). Any such request must include “California Privacy Rights Request” in the first line of the description and include your name, street address, city, state, and ZIP code. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address or mail address.

Parents of California minors should see “Children’s Privacy” regarding removal of certain content they have posted.

13\. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY.

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy prospectively effective upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy and your use of our Service indicates your consent to the privacy policy posted at the time of use. However, we will not treat your previously collected iFLY-Collected PI, to the extent it is not collected under the new privacy policy, in a manner materially different than represented at the time it was collected without your consent. To the extent any provision of this Privacy Policy is found by a competent tribunal to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be severed to the extent necessary for the remainder to be valid and enforceable.

14\. CONTACT IFLY.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at legal@iflyworld.com

© iFLY 2019. All Rights Reserved
