> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the houzome.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170603185041id_/http%3A//www.houzome.com/cms/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Houzome Home Interior Solutions and Modular Kitchens

This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules there under as applicable and the provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures to make the terms of this policy binding. 

This website (“Houzome”) is owned and operated by Houzome Decor Private Limited. (“We” or “we” or “Houzome”). We, takes privacy protection very seriously. We value the trust you place in us. Please read this document carefully regarding our privacy policy.

This privacy policy (“Private Policy”) describes how we may use and disclose personally identifiable information that we may collect about you through the Website (“Personal Information”). We insist upon the highest standards for secure transactions and customer information privacy. Please read the following statement to learn about our information gathering and dissemination practices Our privacy policy is subject to change time to time without notice. To make sure you are aware of the changes, please review this policy periodically. Also this privacy statement does not apply to our business partners, affiliates or other third parties. Please review the privacy statements of the other parties with whom you may interact. 

By visiting this Website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Website.

By mere use of the Website, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use.

### **COLLECTIONS AND USES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION**

When you use or register with the website, we may ask for certain Personal Information. The categories of Personal Information we may request include but not limited to your name, your job title, your company′s name and industry sector, your company′s location (country, state and zip code) and your contact information (email and phone number). Depending on the nature of your inquiry or activities on the website, we may also obtain information about your interests and likings of styles & themes, mood boards, budget etc. and professional interests through white papers or newsletters you request, as well as professional interests that you specifically describe to us. 

Providing Personal Information is necessary for performance of the services and functionalities offered by the website. If you decline to provide the requisite Personal Information, we may not be able to process your Inquiry or other requests. 

### **COOKIES**

The Site may also utilize cookies to track your online activities, including your registration, submissions, and information requests, in accordance with applicable law. Cookies are files placed on your computer by a website server. Cookies on this website do not collect Personal Information, but we do track your online activities and may link that information with Personal Information you have provided us through online registration. Your web browser may be set to accept cookies automatically, but can be changed to decline them. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a “cookie”. Most cookies are “session cookies,” meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Website and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session. 

### **ADVERTISEMENTS/MARKETING**

We use Personal Information and other data collected through the website to register you with the website and to otherwise provide you with requested information or services. We may also from time to time use your Personal Information to send you automated email messages or marketing materials regarding our services. These email messages may contain web beacons and other features that help us make sure that you received and were able to open the message. You may opt out of receiving such marketing email messages at any time by clicking on the un-subscribe link in the email.

### **DISCLOSURES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION**

As described in the Terms of Use, Houzome may disclose Personal Information to third parties. The disclosure to third parties would occur in the following circumstances:

We may disclose Personal Information to our affiliates in your local jurisdiction or other locations as necessary or appropriate to provide the product or service you requested, to contact you in connection with product or service offerings, or for other legitimate business purposes. The names and addresses of our affiliates are published along with our design, products and services on www.Houzome.com portal.

We may disclose information to companies and individuals we employ to perform business functions and services on our behalf. Such functions may include hosting our Web servers, analyzing data, providing legal, accounting and marketing services, and providing other support services. All such parties will be under obligation to maintain the security and confidentiality of the Personal Information, and to process the data in accordance with our instructions.

We may disclose Personal Information to the extent necessary or appropriate to government agencies, advisors, and other third parties in order to comply with applicable laws, or if such action is necessary to protect the rights or property of Houzome or its affiliated companies.

### **PERSONAL DATA SECURITY AND CONFIDENTIALITY**

We maintain adequate technical and organizational security measures to protect Personal Information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction.

### **PERSONAL DATA ACCESS AND CORRECTION**

Houzome will provide access to, update and amend, and/or delete the Personal Information in accordance with applicable laws. You can request access to, and have the opportunity to update and amend your Personal Information, and, you can exercise the other rights acknowledged by applicable data protection legislation, including, for example, objection to and blocking of the processing of your Personal Information, by contacting us at [admin@Houzome.com](mailto:admin@houzome.com). For security reasons, Houzome reserves the right to take steps to authenticate the identity of the requesting party before providing access to Personal Information in accordance with this section of the Privacy Policy.
