> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ojq.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120613174748id_/http%3A//www.ojq.com/ojq/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# OJQ | Privacy Policy

• OJQ Media Inc, Inc. ("OJQ Media Inc", "we" or "us") is a performance marketing company. This policy is designed to inform you about our privacy practices on our corporate Website ("Website"), www.OJQ.com. This policy also addresses how our OJQ Media Inc platform ("Platform") processes information on behalf of the advertisers, website owners and other businesses that use the Platform (our "Clients"). If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please feel free to contact us.

• Policy for Information we Collect on this Website The Website is directed to our Clients who are generally businesses. 

• Personally Identifiable Information We collect Personally Identifiable Information ("PII") from the Website when it is provided to us. PII is any information that can be used to identify or locate a particular person or entity. This includes, but is not limited to: name, address, telephone, number, cell phone number, or email address. We collect PII from visitors to this Website under the following circumstances: \- When visitors (including Clients and prospective Clients) send us an email or submit a question via the Website, we use that information to answer their question. \- When visitors (including Clients and prospective Clients) apply to be publishers on the OJQ Media Inc Platform, we collect their PII such as name, postal address, telephone number, and social security number. We use this information to process the publisher application, and if accepted into the Platform, to service the publisher's account. Therefore, by providing such information, you are also granting permission for a representative of OJQ Media Inc to contact you to verify your application, if need be, for quality control purposes.

• Non-Personally Identifiable Information We collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information ("Non-PII") from visitors to this Website. Non-PII is information that cannot by itself be used to identify a particular person or entity, and may include your IP host address, pages viewed, browser type, Internet browsing and usage habits, Internet Service Provider, domain name, the time/date of your visit to this Website, the referring URL and your computer's operating system. We use this information to verify our records and to provide more relevant services to our Clients and other visitors to the Website.

• Cookies We use "cookies" on this Website. Cookies are small text files that contain a string of alphanumeric characters. OJQ Media Inc uses cookies to improve the quality of our service and Website, and to store the login preferences of our Clients on the Website and Platform. Most Internet browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can remove cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file. Please note that removing or otherwise disabling cookies may reduce your ability to enjoy the full functionality of the Website. For more information about cookies please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/. • Information we Collect via the OJQ Media Inc Platform 

This section of the policy is designed to help you understand how our OJQ Media Inc platform ("Platform") processes information on behalf of (our "Clients").

• Overview of the OJQ Media Inc Platform The OJQ Media Inc Platform is a scalable pay-for-performance advertising platform that provides detailed campaign information including clicks, actions, and conversions. As an advertiser using the OJQ Media Inc platform, you work with vetted publishers that can refer consumer traffic to your campaign. As a publisher, you can promote your services to advertisers that run campaigns on the platform. When a publisher is selected to participate in an advertiser's program and that publisher generates a sale, they earn a referral fee.

• Cookies and Web Beacons The Platform uses cookies in conjunction with web beacons in order to help us record detailed campaign information for our Client's advertising campaigns. Web beacons, also known as 1X1 pixels or clear GIFs, allow a website to count users who have visited a particular web page.

• Controlling the use of your information Deleting your PII If you'd like us to update, correct, delete or deactivate any PII that you have provided to us on the Website or via the Platform, please send your request to us at support@OJQ Media Inc.com and we will process your request within a reasonable period of time after receipt. 

• Information Security The security of your information is important to us, including but not limited to the PII collected via the Website. We have implemented reasonable security measures to protect the information in our care, both during transmission and once we receive it. This includes, but is not limited to the use of firewalls and encryption. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 

• Information Relating to Children Our products and services are designed for those 18 years of age and older. We do not knowingly collect PII from anyone under the age of 13. If we are made aware that we have received PII from someone under 13, we will use reasonable efforts to remove that information from our records. 

• Disclosure of Information to Third Parties We generally do not rent or share PII collected via the Website or Platform with non-affiliated third parties without your consent. We may, however, share such PII with trusted third party contractors who provide services for us. These third party contractors are prohibited from using the information we provide for purposes other than performing services for us. We may share Non-PII collected on the Website or via our Platform with unaffiliated third parties. For example, we may disclose that "blue banner ads" receive more clicks than "orange banner ads." This information cannot be used to contact or identify any person individually. We may disclose your information to third parties when we reasonably believe we are obligated to do so by law, and in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to, fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person. Finally, we may transfer information, including any PII, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, sale of assets, bankruptcy, or other corporate change. 

• Changes to this Privacy Policy This privacy policy is subject to change. If we make any material or substantive changes in the way that we use the information collected through this Website or Platform, we will post a clear and conspicuous notice of those changes on the Website and in this privacy policy. 
