> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ojqj.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120523152655id_/http%3A//www.ojqj.com/%3Fpage_id%3D1641) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Home Improvement and Living Tips » Privacy Policy

When you visit our Site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose and Site use information collected on an aggregate basis using server logs, “cookies” and other technologies as you and other browsers search our Site. HSS does not use the information provided by a visitor for any purpose other than to provide answers and service to visitors who contact HSS. The information you provide in the ordering process will be used to fill your order and to understand your needs so that we may serve you better. Except as set forth in this statement, HSS will not disclose any personal information to third party companies unless we receive your prior permission. In the following limited circumstances we will consider, and may release personal information to third parties: (1) to fulfill your order; (2) to comply with valid legal requirements such as law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; or (3) in special cases, such as protecting the rights, property or safety of HSS’ staff.

Similar to other commercial Sites, our Site may use standard technologies such as “cookies” and web server logs to collect information about how our Site is used. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our website, and the websites visited just before and after our Site. This information is collected on an aggregate basis. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.

Cookies are a feature of web browser software that allows web servers to recognize the computer used to access a Site. They are small pieces of data that are stored by a user’s web browser on the user’s hard drive. Cookies can remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that Site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user’s transactions on related web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move from web page to web page and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet. Cookies should make your online experience easier and more personalized.

We collect the personal information that you provide us, such as when you; purchase services online or by telephone, or contact us through our website or by telephone through our Customer Care Center. We do not sell, rent, share or disclose personal information to third parties without your prior consent, except in the limited circumstances described below:

**Order Fulfillment**  
We may provide to a third party information that is necessary to fulfill an order you have placed with us, for example; providing a shipping carrier your address and if you pay by a credit or debit card, your card number and sales transaction information are passed on to the card processor and/or issuer (including their service providers such as fraud verification services).

**Affiliated Contractors**  
We may contract or refers others to perform tasks or services. If any of our contractors need access to your personal information, we require that they promise to use the information only to perform the tasks we have engaged them to perform. We also require that they maintain the confidentiality of the information and/or return the information to us when they no longer need it.

Personal information we collect is stored electronically. When you enter personal information online, that information is encrypted using a security protocol called SSL (Secure Sockets Layer), which encrypts all information prior to transmitting it over the Internet. We also use SSL to allow you to securely view your online account and registration information. We collect, process and maintain payment information, including credit card information, in compliance with the data security rules adopted by credit card companies such as Visa, MasterCard and American Express.

Although we have taken technical, administrative and physical measures to protect your information from loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties, there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. We take strides to protect all our information, but no protection regime is perfect, and information may be lost or stolen in extreme circumstances. You can always contact us in order to correct your personal information in our systems, update any other information that you have provided to us, or to request that promotional materials not be sent to you.

HSS may change this Privacy Statement at any time by posting revisions to our Site. Your use of the Site constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Statement and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement or any revised policy, please exit the Site immediately.
