> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pdp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190422095903id_/https%3A//www.pdp.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Performance Designed Products LLC ("PDP") understands that protecting your private information is very important to you, and that you want us to do so carefully and sensibly.  This Privacy Policy is intended to help you better understand how we collect, use and store your personal information - whether you use PDP’s products, software, applications, or services (together, the “Services”), or visiting one of PDP’s websites.  Services include services provided by Bazaarvoice, Inc., PDP’s third party customer service provider.  Bazaarvoice’s Privacy Policy (located at [www.bazaarvoice.com/legal/privacy-policy/](http://www.bazaarvoice.com/legal/privacy-policy/)) is hereby incorporated by reference and made a part of this Privacy Policy. Should you have any questions regarding Bazaarvoice’s Privacy Policy, please contact Bazaarvoice’s Privacy Team at +1[(866) 522-9227](mailto:\(866\)%20522-9227) or [privacy@bazaarvoice.com](mailto:privacy@bazaarvoice.com).

By using any of PDP Services, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy and Bazaarvoice’s Privacy Policy, as well as PDP’s End User License Agreement, as applicable.  Do NOT access and/or utilize the Services or STOP using the Services if you do not agree to any part of this Privacy Policy, Bazaarvoice’s Privacy Policy, or PDP’s End User License Agreement.

## **A. What information do we collect**

The information we collect from customers helps us learn about our customers' needs, and helps us to improve our websites and your shopping experience.  Here are the types of information we gather:

When you visit a PDP website, we use your Internet protocol address to help identify you and your shopping cart, and to gather broad demographic information.  Our websites may use cookies to keep track of the items in your shopping cart so that you don't have to re-enter them each time you visit. Acceptance of cookies is not a requirement to browse our websites, but our shopping cart does require the acceptance of cookies to work properly, and thus you must accept cookies to place orders on our websites.  Cookies are not used to store customer personal information.

When you place an order, we will collect basic information from you, including your name, email, shipping and billing address, phone number, IP address, device data, and credit card information. We use this information to confirm and fulfill your order, and to respond to any questions that you may have.  Where appropriate, we share your personal information with certain third-party intermediaries and online fulfillment partners (e.g., ecommerce platforms, credit card processors, shipping companies, etc.) to assist in processing and shipping your order.  Customer emails provided as part of the order process or account creation are retained in a database and are subject to the use and sharing outlined above.  Your email may be used for marketing purposes subject to your consent and applicable law.

PDP has an "email to a friend" feature on our websites that allows you to share product or other information about our websites or products with your friends.  Any email addresses provided to us in the use of these features are used for direction of the email communication.  These emails are not retained in our database, nor are they used for communication other than for the purpose for which they are originally entered.  PDP has an email notification program that informs customers when a particular product is available for purchase.  Emails provided for this service are used only for the purpose of sending the notification email and are deleted after use.

PDP websites may have social media buttons that allow users to share product information, articles or other information with friends via social media networks such as Twitter, Instagram, and Facebook.  PDP retains no information about your social networks and runs its social media marketing operations in compliance with all relevant requirements imposed by said social networks.

We may also use information gleaned from your use of our websites (including, but not limited to, your email address), or about the purchases you make for our own marketing and other purposes, and we may share your information with companies with whom we have marketing or other business relationships.

When you use PDP product software and applications, we may collect your name, email, and other personal information that you provide to us for use of such software and applications (e.g., account login, authentication, etc.).  PDP also automatically collects information about your game console’s and/or personal computer’s hardware and software including your user configuration, calibration, and diagnostic settings.  This information is used by PDP to provide and operate the Services, to maintain quality of the Services, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Services.  PDP may also collect customer non-personally identifiable information and aggregate data regarding user preferences and product configuration for the purpose of developing future products and for marketing, customer service and business purposes.

## B. Our use of your information

When placing an order, PDP collects your name, email, shipping and billing address, payment details, company name, phone number, IP address and device data.  We need this information to provide you with our Services, including supporting and processing orders, authentication, and processing payments.  We also use this information to improve our Services.

PDP also collects and uses customer non-personally identifiable data and information and aggregate data to deliver the Services to you.  PDP keeps track of the menus and pages our customers visit in order to determine what Services are the most popular.  PDP also tracks access times per session such as when a user accesses and stops using the Services and whether the user is accessing the Services on a console or personal computer. This data may be used to deliver customized content and advertising we operate to users whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.  

PDP may use tracking to advertise or create remarketing audiences of users based on user behavior/their visits and use of our Services.  PDP may also target these users with custom ads based on user configured settings and preferences, affinities/interests, and geographic locations. PDP only shares data through third party vendor tracking such as Google Analytics.  If and when we advertise to users, you can opt out by clicking on the Opt Out check box.  PDP may use customer non-personally identifiable data and information to target users with custom ads through third party advertising platforms.  PDP may share customer non-personally identifiable data and information with third parties to perform services (advertising) on our behalf. 

PDP does not sell, rent or lease its customer non-personally identifiable data or information to third parties.  Your customer non-personally identifiable data and information may be transferred to a trusted third-party vendor of PDP for the purpose of modifying, updating or upgrading the Services. In addition, PDP may use this data and information to help us perform statistical analysis and to provide and improve the Services.

PDP may disclose customer information that we collect when we are required to or we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law (e.g., a lawful subpoena, warrant or court order); to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy or our other policies or agreements; to initiate, render, bill, and collect for amounts owed to us; to protect our or our users' rights, property or safety; to protect our users from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful use of the Services; or if we believe that an emergency involving the danger of death or serious physical injury to any person requires or justifies disclosure of customer data and information.

We may transfer non-personally identifiable Information and data about our customers and other customer information to third parties and such content may also be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which such information could be transferred to third parties as one of PDP's business assets.  In such an event, we may attempt to notify you but you may not have the right to opt out of any such transfer. 

## C. Securing your information

You are responsible for safeguarding and preventing unauthorized access to the information and content you use to access our Services including passwords for your personal computer and game console.  You agree not to disclose your passwords to any third party and you are responsible for any activity using your account, whether or not you authorized that activity.  Please immediately notify PDP of any unauthorized use of your account. 

PDP secures your customer personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.  In addition, PDP secures such data and information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure.  We take security very seriously, and while we cannot guarantee with 100% certainty that your information is protected against unauthorized access, we believe that our security measures are sufficient and we will inform you if there has been a breach of our security that leads to unauthorized access of your personal information.

## D. Privacy Policy changes

PDP may amend this Privacy Policy and the End User License Agreement at any time without prior notice to you.  Those changes will go into effect on the date the new Privacy Policy is posted and will apply to any and all users of our Services and websites as of the date the changes are posted.  By continuing to use the Services or PDP website after these changes are posted, you agree to the revised policy.  We thus encourage you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes or updates.

##  E. PDP contact information

PDP welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy and encourages you to contact PDP’s Customer Service Department.  For more information and to review the complete terms, conditions and restrictions governing the Services and your use of the Services, please also review our End User License Agreement.

Effective Date:  Oct. 12, 2018
