> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mylocalhero.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161029042414id_/http%3A//mylocalhero.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MyLocalHero.com : Terms & Conditions

MYLOCALHERO.COM - Privacy Policy

At MyLocalHero LLC, ("MyLocalHero", "we" or "us"), we know our visitors and advertisers (collectively, "you" or "users") value their privacy, and we have created this privacy policy to ensure that you understand our policies and procedures regarding the types of information we collect or that you may provide to us in connection with use of [_www.MyLocalHero.com_](http://www.mylocalhero.com/) (the "Site") and our MyLocalHero service (the "Service") and how we use such information.

**Personal Information Collection & Usage:** MyLocalHero only collects personal information from you when it is voluntarily provided by you. Personal information may include name, title, company, email address, physical address, telephone number, credit card information and similar information which identifies you. We may use this information in a variety of ways. For example, we may use this information so that you may obtain access to advertiser-only portions of the Service and/or to receive MyLocalHero information, products and services. In addition, we may share your personal information with our affiliates, technical consultants, third party auditors and other third parties who make our Site and Service available, enhance its functionality or provide associated services and/or who deal with you in processing your orders and/or deliver the Services or related services. The personal information you provide is considered a company asset and may be included among transferred assets if our company or any of its assets are ever acquired by or transferred to a third party or an affiliate.

From time to time we may supplement personal information you give us with information from other sources, such as information validating your address. Thus, information we obtain through the Site and Service may be intermingled with and used in conjunction with information obtained through sources other than the Site or Service, including both offline and online sources.

**Aggregate Information Collection & Usage:** We may collect information from you in an aggregate, anonymous form, which means that the information will not contain nor be linked to any personal information. For instance, we may aggregate data based upon the advertisements you upload and deliver through our Service, the Targeting Criteria (described in the [_Terms and Conditions_](https://web.archive.org/web/20161029042414id_/http%3A//mylocalhero.com/terms.php)) you select, the amount of money you spend on your account and other campaign or user data. MyLocalHero uses this information to measure the use of our Site and Service, to report to our business partners aggregate statistics regarding use of our Service, to improve our Site and Service and for other business purposes.

We also reserve the right to access and/or disclose personal information and non-personal information we have gathered, as required by courts or administrative agencies and to the extent required to permit us to investigate suspected fraud, harassment or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, the [_Terms and Conditions_](https://web.archive.org/web/20161029042414id_/http%3A//mylocalhero.com/terms.php), or the rights of third parties or to investigate any suspected conduct which MyLocalHero deems improper. 

**Clickstream:** As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each web site you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as "clickstream data," can be collected and stored by a web site's server. Clickstream data can tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the web site from which you linked to the Site. We may use clickstream data as a form of aggregate information to anonymously determine how much time users spend on each page of our Site, how users navigate throughout the Site and how we may tailor our web pages to better meet the needs of users. This information may be used to improve our Site and Service or to share with business partners. Any collection or use of clickstream data will be anonymous and aggregate, and will not contain any personal information.

**Cookies:** The Site and Service may use "cookies" to improve our level of service to our you. Cookies are lines of text that are transmitted to your web browser when you click on a web site. Your browser stores the information on your hard drive and when you return to that web site later, the cookie is transmitted back to the server that originally sent it to you. Cookies provide a way for a server to recall a previous request or previous registration, or to keep track of a transaction as it progresses, so that information does not have to be repeated. To be notified when you are about to receive a cookie, you can configure your browser to alert you when a web site is attempting to send you a cookie and at that time you will have the option of refusing the cookie. 

**Gifs and Tags:** MyLocalHero, and third-party advertising companies serving ads on our Site or on our behalf, may employ cookies, action tags, clear gifs, web beacons or similar devices to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information collected via such devices is anonymous and will not contain your personal information.

**Security Procedures:** The security of your personal information is very important to us. We attempt to provide for the secure transmission of your information by utilizing encryption software. We have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. Only those employees and contractors who need access to your personal information in order to perform their duties are allowed access to your personal information. However, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and MyLocalHero, MyLocalHero and you or MyLocalHero and any business partners will be free from unauthorized access by third parties such as hackers and your use of the Site and Service demonstrates your assumption of this risk.

**Other Web Sites:** This Site may provide links or references to other web sites, including those of our business partners. However, we have no control over or responsibility for the content or practices on third party web sites or transac.tions that occur therein. The privacy policies and [_Terms and Conditions_](https://web.archive.org/web/20161029042414id_/http%3A//mylocalhero.com/terms.php) governing this Site may differ significantly from the policies of third party web sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and you should always read and accept the privacy policies and terms and conditions of such third party web sites before you access these web sites.

**Reviewing or Changing Your Information:** In order to ensure that the information we maintain is accurate, MyLocalHero gives users the opportunity to change or modify their previously provided information. If you would like to change your information currently in our database, please access your account on the Site. If you are unable to access your account, please contact us at [_support@MyLocalHero.com_](mailto:support@MyLocalHero.com). MyLocalHero is not responsible for updating information provided pursuant to this privacy policy to third party lists or databases. 

**Protection for Children:** This Site is not intended to collect personal information from children under the age of 13. Where appropriate, we take reasonable measures to inform children not to submit such information to our Site or in response to advertisements. When we become aware that personal information from a child under 13 has been collected without such child's parent or guardian's consent, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.

**United States:** Our Site and Service are maintained in New York, New York USA. By using the Site or Service, you authorize the export of personal information to the USA and its storage and use as specified above when you provide such information to us. 

**Changes to policy; Opt-in / Opt-out:** This policy applies to our online information collection practices only. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. When your consent is required for any action under this policy, you agree that we may obtain your consent by an "opt-in" or "opt-out" method, or by other means (such as sending to you an email). However, if at any time in the future we plan to use your personal information in a way that differs from this policy, we will obtain your consent. 

By registering to use the Service, you consent to receive information and updates on our products and services. You may opt-out of such communications by sending an email to [_support@MyLocalHero.com_](mailto:support@MyLocalHero.com). 

**Terms and Conditions:** Use of this Site and our Service are governed by the provisions contained in the [_Terms and Conditions_](https://web.archive.org/web/20161029042414id_/http%3A//mylocalhero.com/terms.php). Your use, or access, of the Site and our Service constitutes your agreement to be bound by these provisions. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE OR THE SERVICE.

**Contacting Us:** If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this Site or Service or your dealings with us, you can contact us at: [_support@MyLocalHero.com_](mailto:support@MyLocalHero.com). 
