> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mylocalforums.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111123120106id_/http%3A//www.mylocalservices.co.uk/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# My Local Services - Privacy Policy

My Local Services Privacy Policy

  * My Local Services is part of Lowi Ltd (Lowi). Lowi will never share your e-mail address or any personal details with any third party. Free Basic Listings placed on this site display only information that is generally available in the public domain.
  * Advertisers who choose to buy paid advertising on My Local Services agree that once the information is submitted, it will be displayed as public accessible information.
  * My Local Services electronically cloaks your e-mail address by default in order to avoid internet spam robots spidering your address. We can not be held responsible and advise against advertisers who choose to display their email address in the clear on their business listing.
  * My Local Services may use your e-mail address to share news or important information relating to My Local Services. You may at any time inform us that you do not want to receive any correspondence from My Local Services by selecting the unsubscribe link in any email or you contact us and request no further communications, other than system generated emails that will enable the correct function of your business listing, such as password retrieval.
  * Children under 13 years of age are required to present the expressed permission of their parent or legal guardian prior to disclosing any personal information or entering a competition.
  * My Local Services collects information to identify how people arrived at the web site, which pages they visited, and how long they stayed. Using web analysis software My Local Services are able to ascertain this information. Please note that this report does not identify any of the user's personal information.
  * We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your options in relation to not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). 
  * My Local Services may use cookies to enhance your experience on our Web site. Cookies are pieces of information that we may place on your computer to help personalise your visit to the site. You can disable cookies by adjusting your settings in your browser. Contact your browsers help file for more information.
  * What is a Cookie? A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the "lifetime" of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number. Two types of cookies are used on this website-session cookies, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site, and persistent cookies, which remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie). 
  * My Local Services reserve the right to change this statement at any time. We are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive your personal information.


