> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mylokai.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161105113638id_/http%3A//mylokai.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Lokai Cares About Your Privacy

##### **PRIVACY STATEMENT**

Welcome to the Lokai website, located at mylokai.com (the "Site"), and operated by Lokai Holdings LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Lokai”). This Privacy Statement addresses Lokai’s practices regarding information collected from visitors of the Site and only addresses information collected directly through or from the Site – it does not address or govern any information gathering, use, or dissemination practices related to information collected from the visitor (sometimes referred to as a “visitor,” "you" or "your") other than directly through or from the Site, such as from telephone, facsimile, postal mail, personal delivery, or other or additional offline means or media. Lokai can be contacted at [hello@mylokai.com](mailto:hello@mylokai.com) or 877-725-5747 (Monday thru Friday between 10am - 6pm EST). This Privacy Statement is incorporated into [Lokai's ](http://mylokai.com/terms-and-conditions)[Terms and Conditions](http://mylokai.com/terms-and-conditions) by reference, as if set forth fully therein, which must be reviewed and accepted by you. The Site is not intended for children under the age of 18. It does not knowingly collect personal information online from visitors in this age group.

  1. **Collection of Personal Information from Site Visitors.   **Except as specifically set forth herein, Lokai may collect: (a) the e-mail addresses of users that communicate with Lokai via e-mail; (b) information knowingly provided by the user in online informational sections, registration, or membership forms; (c) information gathered through the analysis of cookies, or any other methods of internet browsing analysis, such as Google Analytics; and (d) financial information provided by a user, including credit card numbers and billing addresses, in order to process payments to Lokai. Specifically, and in order to register for certain services of the Site, you may be required to provide additional personal information about you and your company, such as your name, address, telephone number, and other relevant personal information. If you do not wish to provide such information to the Site, you will be unable to register and/or to obtain products or services from the Site. When a visitor performs a search within the Site, Lokai may record information identifying the visitor or linking the visitor to the search performed and recording information related to the search request.
  2. **Use of Personal Information Collected.   **Personal information collected by Lokai may be used by Lokai for limited purposes, including recordkeeping, editorial and feedback purposes, content improvement, or to customize the content and layout of the Site. Individually identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information which visitors voluntarily provide to Lokai, may be added to Lokai’s databases and used for future contact regarding Site updates and new services.   From time to time, Lokai may need to contact you for registration-related activities. You agree that Lokai may use your personal information for such registration-related contact with you. Lokai may also desire to contact you for market research purposes or to provide you with marketing information that Lokai believes would be of particular interest. You will have the option of not being contacted by Lokai and opting-out of such contacts by contacting Lokai via e-mail at [hello@mylokai.com](mailto:hello@mylokai.com).
  3. **Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties.   **Except as specifically set forth herein, any individually identifying personal information that you provide to Lokai through the Site will not be disclosed to other third-party entities not affiliated with Lokai. Identifiable and non-identifiable user information and data may be disclosed or distributed to another party with which Lokai enters or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction, such as, for example, a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or asset purchase, or to a third party pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, in response to a request by or on behalf of any local, state, federal, or other government agency, department, or body, whether or not pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process, or if determined by Lokai in its sole judgment that such disclosure or distribution is appropriate to protect the life, health, or property of Lokai or any other person or entity. Identifiable and non-identifiable visitor information and data which visitors provide to Lokai may also be provided to third parties that contract with Lokai to provide products, information or other services that Lokai believes that visitors may be interested in obtaining. While Lokai may undertake efforts to see that any third party to whom Lokai discloses personal information is under an obligation to use the personal information solely for the purposes for which the information was disclosed, such third parties are independent third parties over which Lokai exercises no control. Lokai is not responsible for, and will not be liable for, the conduct, actions, omissions, or information handling or dissemination practices of third parties. Please be advised that the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to Lokai via the Site or e-mail cannot be and is not guaranteed, including, for example, personal information such as your address or name.
  4. **Links to Other Sites.** The Site may also contain links to third party websites. The Site may contain links to other Internet Web sites for the convenience of users in locating information, products, or services that may be of interest. If you access a third party website from a link on this Site, any information you disclose on that website is not subject to this Privacy Statement. It is possible that these links may be used by third parties or others to collect personal or other information about you. Lokai is not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites, advertisers, or third parties or the content of such websites and it is your sole obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other websites. Lokai does not control these third parties’ use of cookies, collection of information, or how they manage such information. It is solely your obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other websites, advertisers and any third parties.
  5. **Security Measures and Communicating with Lokai.   **Lokai has implemented physical, electronic and procedural security features that are designed to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information. Despite Lokai’s efforts to protect your personal information, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from Lokai via the Site or via e-mail cannot be and is not guaranteed. You acknowledge that the technical processing and transmission of the Site content may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a) transmissions over various networks and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices. Accordingly, Lokai is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet.
  6. **Comments and User Content.   **All materials or comments posted to any aspect of the Site are public. Please refer to the [Terms and Conditions](http://mylokai.com/terms-and-conditions) for further detail concerning User Content and other materials submitted to the Site. As such, Lokai assumes no liability for the accuracy of such information, no duty to update or correct such information, and no liability for such communications arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. Any comment system on the Site may utilize an opt-in Geolocation service in accordance with a prevailing community standard such as HTML 5. Such Geolocation opt-in ability is managed by the user’s browser settings. If a user chooses to opt-in to the Geolocation service, the user’s comments may be associated with the user’s location, both internally within Lokai and publicly on the Site.
  7. **Access to and Ability to Correct Personal Information; Opt-Out Right.   **Upon your request via postal mail or e-mail, Lokai will provide you with a summary of any personal information retained by Lokai that has been voluntarily provided by you to Lokai through online forms, registration forms, surveys, e-mail, or another online avenue. You may modify, correct, change or update your personal information by contacting Lokai via e-mail at [hello@mylokai.com](mailto:hello@mylokai.com). Except as necessary to obtain the services or information requested, You may opt out of having your personal information, which has been voluntarily provided to Lokai through online forms, membership or registration forms, e-mail, or another online avenues, prospectively retained by Lokai or used by Lokai for secondary purposes, by contacting Lokai via e-mail at [hello@mylokai.com](mailto:hello@mylokai.com). This provision does not apply to collection of the type of Web browser of the visitor to the Site or to information provided or collected that does not meet the description hereunder.
  8. **Right to Change Privacy Statement.   **Lokai reserves the right at any time to modify, alter or update this Privacy Statement. Lokai will notify you on the Site or by e-mail of any new or revised Privacy Statement, including information regarding the location of the new or revised Privacy Statement. Your use of the Site following any changes means that you agree to follow and be bound by the Privacy Statement as changed. Any change to this Privacy Statement shall be effective as to any visitor who has visited the Site before the change was made. It is the obligation of users visiting the Site before the change to learn of changes to the Privacy Statement since their last visit.
  9. **Your California Privacy Rights.**   If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 provides you with the right to request certain information regarding disclosure of your personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes, including a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. In order to obtain such information, please contact us via e-mail at [hello@mylokai.com](mailto:hello@mylokai.com).



Dated:  January 21, 2015

Copyright © 2015 Lokai Holdings LLC; All rights reserved.
