> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mylocalservices.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171215062739id_/http%3A//www.mylocalservices.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# My Local Services - Privacy Policy

My Local Services Cookie and Privacy Policy

  * My Local Services is part of Lowi Ltd (Lowi). Lowi will **never** share your e-mail address or **any** personal details with any third party. Free Basic Listings placed on this site display only information that is generally available in the public domain.
  * Advertisers who choose to buy paid advertising on My Local Services agree that once their information is submitted, it will be displayed as publically accessible information.
  * My Local Services deliberately hides your e-mail address by placing it behind a contact form in order to avoid internet spam robots spidering your address. We can not be held responsible and strongly advise against any advertisers who choose to manually add and display their email address in the clear on their business listing.
  * My Local Services uses cookies to enhance your experience on our website. Cookies are small files that are placed on your computer by websites as you surf the internet. These files can help personalise your visit, for example by remembering for the last time you visited, or what you searched for previously. Other cookies collect anonymous statistics, such as Google Analytics, which help websites like us improve the service we can offer to visitors.
  * Any cookies used on My Local Services are 100% anonymous and do not collect any personal information, or information that can be used to identify an individual. We utilise first party cookies (originating from us, such as session ID's) and third party cookies (originating from partners such as Google and Facebook).
  * If you would like more information about third party cookies and would like to know your options in relation to not having this information used by these companies, then visit this [Google link](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).
  * If you want to opt out of Google Analytics tracking, then you can install a browser add on which will block any Google Analytic traffic from any website. [Google Analytics Opt-out](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).
  * We are unable to offer a cookie free version of our website, as this will affect the functionality and experience of your visit. If you do not want to receive any cookies, then the only option we can offer is not to use our website. To remove any cookies we may have already placed, empty the cookie cash on your browser by pressing **Ctrl+Shift+Delete** simultaneously and following the instructions. If this doesn't work, please consult your browsers help file.
  * For people signing up to a business listing, My Local Services may use your e-mail address to share news, promotions or important information relating to My Local Services and related partners. At no point will related partners have access to your email address unless you decide to share it with them. You may at any time inform us that you do not want to receive any correspondence from My Local Services by selecting the unsubscribe link in any email or you can contact us and request no further communications. You will still receive system generated emails that will enable the correct function of your business listing, such as password retrieval, validation etc.
  * My Local Services strives to be a family friendly website, but children under 13 years of age are required to present the expressed permission of their parent or legal guardian prior to disclosing any personal information or entering any competition or survey.
  * My Local Services reserve the right to change this statement at any time. We are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive your personal information.


