> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yovia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-03-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090331221216id_/http%3A//www.yovia.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Yovia - Privacy Policy

Last modified: March 06, 2009

  
Our commitment to privacy Here at the Yovia website, your privacy and the privacy of your child or children are important to us. To better protect and ensure that privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we have posted clear and prominent links to this Privacy Policy page on our home page and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.

We are well aware that we provide content to younger children. Most of the visitors to the Yovia website will be under the age of 13. That’s why we make every effort to adhere to all requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Who operates this site and collects information? 

This site is owned and operated by Yovia, LLC, United States of America.

Yovia, LLC 

2593 Mayport Road  
Atlantic Beach, FL 32233  
ph: 904.242.2669  
fx: 904.212.0658  
info@yovia.com 

What types of information are collected? Typically, we ask for basic information: * First Name * Gender (boy or girl) * Date of birth * E-mail address * State or Province * Zip Code or Postal Code Note: We collect the minimum amount of information necessary to allow safe participation in an activity. And there are several activities and resources available for participation and viewing that require no registration whatsoever. With one necessary exception, personally identifiable information is never shared with a third party. The only exception would involve the use of a third-party e-mail vendor that manages the e-mailing of the Yovia newsletters to interested subscribers. How is this information collected? Information is collected when a visitor to the site submits information in a registration form. Information currently is submitted for sweepstakes, contests, and e-newsletter subscriptions. Registration is conducted online and a notice to parents appears on every page where information is collected. To ensure parental consent, a parent’s e-mail address is required when registering and a parental notification message is automatically e-mailed after registration. How is this information used? We use the information you provide about yourself and your child or children to ensure that you and/or they are registered for a sweepstakes, participation in a contest, or to receive an e-newsletter. We use return e-mail addresses to answer the e-mail we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of boys and Z number of girls filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals. Most importantly, we use non-identifying information to ensure that the content that we provide on the site is appropriate for the ages of the site visitors. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. Electronic newsletter subscription and parental consent Important note: When a child registers to receive the e-newsletter, he or she is required to provide a parent’s e-mail address. After the child submits the information, an e-mail is automatically sent to the parent’s address informing the parent of the child’s registration and providing opt-out information. Contests and Sweepstakes To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. How you can access or correct your information You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. Revoking permission to collect personally identifiable information At any time, a parent can request that the Yovia not collect personally identifiable information from his or her child or children. Please contact us. At Yovia, we will use cookies (information files) to determine the number of visitors to our website and to eliminate the need for visitors to conduct multiple log-ins, if they seek to avoid those steps. We also will use cookies to determine user preferences that help us better provide the safe and appropriate content our young viewers and their parents seek. Our cookies cannot and will not damage your hard drive, and our cookies will not collect and/or distribute personally identifiable information about your child or children and/or you. Parents can disable cookies in computers by indicating that action in the preference or options menus of the browser. Links to other websites At Yovia, we will limit the use of links that bring users to third-party web pages, and when such links are used, the identity and host of those third-party web pages will be clearly displayed and recognizable. We will try to ensure that the content on these third-party web pages will be appropriate for viewers under the age of 13. Please alert us if you believe any of our links take viewers to content that could be deemed inappropriate. Yovia is committed to helping your children safely find the information they seek. Still, we encourage you to consult the other sites’ privacy notices, since our Privacy Policy does not cover those sites. We encourage parents to express any questions, comments, or concerns about the content, operation, or safety of Yovia. 
