> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iffcotokio.co.in privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140524032719id_/http%3A//www.iffcotokio.co.in/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - IFFCO Tokio

**This site is owned and operated by IFFCO-Tokio General[ Insurance](https://web.archive.org/glossary/5/letteri#term193). This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it.**

This Privacy [Policy](https://web.archive.org/glossary/5/letterp#term261) describes IFFCO-Tokio's policies and practices with regard to data collected by IFFCO-Tokio through its website, itgi.co.in,. This privacy policy is independent from IFFCO-Tokio's offline data collection practices. The term "data" includes personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, birth date, e-mail address or mailing address, and any other information that is identified with you personally, including your individual information.

**Notification of Changes to This Policy**. IFFCO-Tokio  is continually improving and adding new functionality and features to its website besides its existing products, services, and programs. Because of these ongoing changes, changes in the law and the changing nature of technology, IFFCO-Tokio's data practices will undergo changes from time to time. If and when data practices change, IFFCO-Tokio will post the changes on its websites to notify you of the changes. We encourage you to check this page frequently. This policy was last updated on 25th Sep2005.

**Personal Data Collected Through itgi.co.in**. Other than cookies, as described below, the only personal data IFFCO-Tokio currently collects through its websites is the information you voluntarily give us when you use our sites.

For example, you may use this site to contact IFFCO-Tokio with questions and comments. When you fill out a form on our websites, you may provide your name and other contact information, including your, company's name, your e-mail address, and your mailing address or the mailing address of your company or other personal information. If you do not wish to fill out all of the information on the form you are not required to do so. Most of our registration forms require only your name, phone no. and e-mail address. When you submit information to us through itgi.co.in, you will receive a confirmation e-mail on entering valid e-mail address. When you use the websites to search for information on insurance products, procedures or about IFFCO-Tokio, you are not providing us with any personal information. We offer the search features as a service to you. IFFCO-Tokio does not collect or retain any identifying information about you when you use the search features.

**Use of Personal Data Collected Through itgi.co.in.** IFFCO-Tokio uses the personal data information you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. IFFCO-Tokio and our affiliates also use this information to help us improve the content and functionality of our websites, to better understand our customers and markets, and to improve our products and services. IFFCO-Tokio and our affiliates may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about products or services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "opt-out" of receiving future communications.

Similarly, we may provide "subscription" e-mail services, either directly or through affiliates, which enable you to receive current news about IFFCO-Tokio products. For all such services, we will provide an opportunity to "opt-out" of, or cancel, the subscription. Please see the "unsolicited ideas" heading under Terms and [Conditions](https://web.archive.org/glossary/5/letterc#term121) for more information about our use of the communications we receive through IFFCO-Tokio website.

**Anonymous Data Collected Through itgi.co.in**. In addition to the information you may provide when you use our website,IFFCO-Tokio may use technology to collect anonymous information about the use of our websites. For example, we use technology to track how many visitors access our websites, the date and time of their visit, the length of their stay, and which pages they view. We also use technology to determine which web browsers our visitors use and the address from which they accessed our sites (for example, if they connected to a IFFCO-Tokio website by clicking on one of our banner ads).

The technology we adopt does not identify you personally. It simply enables us to compile statistics about our visitors and their use of our sites. IFFCO-Tokio and our affiliates use this anonymous data and share it with third parties to improve the content and functionality of our websites, to better understand our customers and markets, and to improve our products and services.

**Cookies**. A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies do not damage your computer and they cannot be used to discover the identity of a user. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. This enables you to decide if you want to accept it or not and whether you are required to accept the cookie to view certain content. IFFCO-Tokio may use cookies to "persist" a user session - that is, to maintain connection with a user as he or she moves through an application or series of web pages. The purpose of cookies in this context is to remember user inputs. For example, a "shopping cart" application records purchases up until the user reaches checkout. Personalization features also use cookies to identify groups of users and deliver appropriate content and services.

**Disclosure of Your Personal Data**. IFFCO-Tokio may share some or all of the personal data collected through this website with our affiliates, who use this data in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Both IFFCO-Tokio and its affiliates may share personal data collected through its websites with third-party vendors who act for or on behalf of IFFCO-Tokio or its affiliates (for example, companies that provide support services to us, including data processing services, or that help us market our products and services). These companies may need information about you in order to perform their functions. These companies are not authorized to use the information we share with them for any other purpose. In addition, there may be some other, limited circumstances in which IFFCO-Tokio or our affiliates may share or transfer the personal data in our databases, for example, to comply with a legal requirement, for the administration of justice, to protect your vital interests, or in the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution, or similar event.

While no method of data transmission is guaranteed against unlawful [third party](https://web.archive.org/glossary/5/lettert#term340) interception or other misuse, IFFCO-Tokio uses commercially reasonable efforts to ensure protection of your data including industry-standard encryption and offline security methods in our physical facilities.

IFFCO-Tokio does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under thirteen, please do not give us any personal data. If you have reason to believe that a child has provided personal data to IFFCO-Tokio, please contact us, and we will try to delete that information from our databases.

**Link to Other Sites**. This privacy policy applies only to IFFCO-Tokio's website. IFFCO-Tokio and our affiliates, other insurance websites for different purposes and in different countries where different laws may apply. If you visit a IFFCO-Tokio website, please take a moment to review the privacy policy posted on that site to learn what personal data may be collected through that site and how it is processed.

IFFCO-Tokio's websites contain hyperlinks to websites that are not operated by IFFCO-Tokio or one of our affiliates. These hyperlinks are provided for your reference and convenience only and do not imply any [endorsement](https://web.archive.org/glossary/5/lettere#term146) of the activities of these third-party websites or any association with their operators. IFFCO-Tokio does not control these websites and is not responsible for their data practices. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on any site you visit before using the site or providing any personal data about yourself.

**Governing Law**. This privacy policy forms part of our website Terms and Conditions and as such shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the Indian Laws.

**Questions About Our Privacy Policy**. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or concerns about the way IFFCO-Tokio processes your personal data, please contact us.
