> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hmfusa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130416010652id_/https%3A//www.hmfusa.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

This U.S. Website Privacy Policy (“Policy”) explains the steps that Hyundai Motor Finance (the trade name of Hyundai Capital America, a California corporation) (or "we" or "us" or "our") takes to protect the privacy of users of our websites (including our mobile websites/properties) (collectively, the "Websites"), and any information such users may provide to us or that we collect from or about our website users. We strive to protect the online privacy of our users, while also providing an enjoyable website experience, and if you choose to utilize our Websites, we will endeavor to provide you with information, products, and services that are relevant and useful to you.

This Policy describes the kinds of information we may gather when you visit our Websites, how we may use that information, and the circumstances under which we may disclose such information to third parties. This Policy will also provide important information about the security of information collected on our site, and provide other disclosures pertaining to the content of the Websites, changes in this Policy, and copyright/trademark information. This Policy does not apply to the online practices of any third party websites to which you may link. Those third-party sites are covered by their own privacy policies. If you follow links to those third party websites you should examine their privacy policies as they may be different.

**Collection of Personally Identifiable Information** You may visit our Websites to read financial product information or utilize certain online tools without telling us who you are, and without revealing any personal information. Personal information means personally identifiable information that can be used to identify you as an individual, including for example, your name, address, phone number, email address or account number, among others. We may gather and store certain anonymous information about your visit, such as the name and address of your Internet Service Provider (ISP), the type of browser and operating systems used to access our site, the date and time of your access of our site, the website that referred you to our site, and the pages at our site that you visited. 

While using our Websites, you may choose to request information or brochures from us about our products and services, in which case, we will collect some personal information from you to provide the requested information to you. If you are a Hyundai Motor Finance customer with a vehicle retail loan or lease account with us, you may elect to utilize our online customer tools to check your account balance, communicate requests concerning your account, request our brochure or handle other online transactions regarding your account. You may also use Hyundai Motor Finance’s mobile web properties to access your account via your mobile device to make payments, and any personal information you provide via the mobile website is subject to this Privacy Policy, as well.

To the extent that you utilize these online customer tools, you will be providing us your personal information so that we may identify you and provide the requested services. The personal information collected and stored by Hyundai Motor Finance via your online transactions may include your name and mailing address, telephone number, Hyundai Motor Finance account number, and email address, as appropriate. We may also use the personal information we collect from you to improve the services that we provide to in the future.

**Information Dissemination to Third Parties** Hyundai Motor Finance does not sell or rent website user personal information to any third parties. Hyundai Motor Finance will share personal information about you with third parties (including with our affiliates, dealers, and our third party service providers) only as permitted by law, and as provided in the [Hyundai Motor Finance Customer Privacy Notice](https://www.hmfusa.com/Data/Teamsite/HCA/HMF/img/content-block/Privacy_Notice_HMF.pdf), which Hyundai Motor Finance provides to its account customers from time to time as required by law ("Privacy Notice"). Hyundai Motor Finance may disclose any personal or other website user information you may submit via the website for any purpose to any person performing audit, legal, operational or other similar services for Hyundai Motor Finance. Whenever possible and as required by law, we will require any recipient of personal information for these purposes to agree in writing to hold the information in confidence, to use the information only for the limited permitted purpose, and to return or destroy the information when the services are completed.

Hyundai Motor Finance may also disclose any personal or other user data as required by law in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, warrant, or other legal process. Hyundai Motor Finance will also disclose any personal or other user data deemed necessary to protect the safety of an individual, the public, or the security of Hyundai Motor Finance and this website. Information concerning Hyundai Motor Finance’s policies and practices with respect to the privacy of information Hyundai Motor Finance collects concerning its customers is detailed in the Privacy Notice.

**Changes and Corrections to Personally Identifiable Information** You may submit corrections or changes to your personally identifiable information on this site on the screen captioned Name Change/Correction or you may contact Hyundai Motor Finance by phone at 1-800-523-4030. You may also submit changes or corrections as follows:

**Mail information to:** Hyundai Motor Finance P.O. Box 20829 Fountain Valley, CA 92728-0829 **(OR)** Fax information to: (714) 965-0520

**Cookies/Tracking Technologies** Hyundai Motor Finance may also collect certain information through the use of “cookies”. A cookie is a small text file or text identifier placed on the device (computer, mobile device, etc.) you are using to access our website to assist us in providing customized services to you. Cookies are common on websites and do not harm your device. Cookies enable us to track and aggregate user behavior data so that we may better target the interests of our users and enhance their experience on the Hyundai Motor Finance website. Hyundai Motor Finance may also use this information for internal research on our user’s interests to better understand the preferences of our users and trends at our site or to authenticate you and the device you are using to access the site.

The cookie does not contain personal details or sensitive information. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to personal information, until a user provides that information (see above). You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. If a user rejects or deletes the cookie, he/she may still use the Hyundai Motor Finance website, but the functionality of some areas of our site may then be limited. For example, we may not be able to recognize your device and you will need to answer a challenge question each time you log on. Refusing to accept cookies may also prevent you from receiving offers that are relevant to your interests and needs.

Other tracking technologies such as web beacons, clear GIFs, and pixel tags may also be used by Hyundai Motor Finance and its third party advertising partners in connection with some website pages, downloadable mobile applications and HTML-formatted email messages to help us measure the effectiveness of our communications and marketing campaigns, and determine usage and response rates. In addition, your Internet Protocol (IP) address is received and stored when you access this website. The IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to the device that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). Collecting IP addresses is common practice and is done automatically by many web sites. IP Addresses are used to help administer the website, determine usage levels, and help diagnose server problems.

**Security** To protect your personal information from unauthorized access and use, we use security measures that comply with federal law. These measures include computer safeguards and secured files and buildings.

**Information from Children Online This website is not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), nor does Hyundai Motor Finance market products or services to such individuals. We request that these individuals do not provide personal information through this Site. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 without parental consent. For more information about the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), visit the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) website.**

**Acceptance of Privacy Policy and Notification of Future Changes** By using this site, you are agreeing to all of the terms in this Policy. We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time. You should refer back to this page periodically. We will post any changes to this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Hyundai Motor Finance will use, share, and disclose all personal and other user information in accordance with the Policy in effect at the time the information is collected. Your continued use of this website following changes to these terms will mean that you accept these changes.

This effective date of this Policy reflects Hyundai Motor Finance’s most current website privacy practices. Hyundai Motor Finance suggests that you periodically visit this page to review our most current policies and procedures.

**Property Rights** All information, text, images, graphics and other materials (“content”) on this website are subject to the copyrights and other intellectual property rights of Hyundai Motor Finance, its agents, affiliates and/or licensors. All rights are reserved. Content on or accessed through this website may be printed for your personal use. None of the content of this website may be used, copied, modified or transmitted for commercial or public use or distribution, nor modified or reposted to other websites, without Hyundai Motor Finance’s express prior written consent. You agree to obtain Hyundai Motor Finance’s prior written consent before linking this website to any other website. You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages, data or the content contained herein or for any other unauthorized purpose without our prior express written consent.

**Effective Date:** This Policy is effective September 2012. 
