> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the khelplayrummy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130401084123id_/https%3A//www.khelplayrummy.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Rummy Privacy Policy, Read Khelplayrummy Privacy Policy

## Privacy Policy

  1. This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") forms a part of the Terms.
  2. If You use the Website, You are deemed to have accepted this Privacy Policy, and We will have the right to use Your information as described and in terms of this Privacy Policy. If You do not agree to have Your information used in any of the ways described in this Privacy Policy, You must discontinue the use of the Website. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of the Website, after We either personally notify You or generally after changes on the Website, will constitute Your acceptance of those changes. It is hereby clarified that by accessing or otherwise using the Website, You agree to the Privacy Policy and You expressly consent to the processing of Your Personal Information (as defined herein below) according to this Privacy Policy.
  3. Khelplayrummy respects Your privacy and assures You that any information provided by You is protected and is dealt with confidentiality. Khelplayrummy shall endeavour not to provide, distribute, trade, sell or rent Your name, e-mail address or other personal information provided on this site to any third party or information related to Your use of the Website, except as provided in this Privacy Policy. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, the term "User" or "You" shall mean any natural or legal person who is accessing the Website. The term "Your" shall be construed, accordingly.
  4. To subscribe to the facilities offered at Khelplayrummy, You will have to provide the following information to Us:  

    * Username
    * Password
    * Valid Email address
  5. Additionally, for those of You who wish to participate in any of the Practice Games /Promotional Tournaments/ Cash Tournaments held by Khelplayrummy, the following information is collected:  

    * Name
    * Birth Date
    * Nationality
    * Telephone number in India
    * Postal/Contact address in India
    * PAN (as applicable)
  6. This Privacy Policy explains how Khelplayrummy collects, uses, and protects Your personally identifying information, including without limitation, information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, email address, a home, postal or other physical address, other contact information, title, birth date, gender, occupation, industry, personal interests, other information ("Personal Information") and under what circumstances it may be disclosed. By accepting this Privacy Policy, You expressly consent Khelplayrummy to use and disclose Your personal and other information only in the manner prescribed in this Privacy Policy.
  7. When You visit Khelplayrummy, certain information may also be automatically collected and stored, including: 
    * The address of Your computer, browser type and language.
    * The date and the time during which You accessed the site.
    * The address of the website from which You got linked to Khelplayrummy
  8. Emails:  
8\. If You send Us an e-mail or give any feed back to Khelplayrummy through the Website, We may collect Your e-mail address and the full content of Your e-mail, including attached files, and other information You provide. Khelplayrummy may use and display Your full name and email address when You send an email notification to a friend through the Website. Khelplayrummy may use this e-mail address to contact You, for things such as notifications of Khelplayrummy additional/new products or services. You may indicate Your preference to stop receiving further promotional communications as further detailed below. 
  9. When You get Yourself registered with Khelplayrummy, You agree to receive email from Khelplayrummy, specially authorized by Khelplayrummy and other Users. You also agree and acknowledge that when You use Our referral program, We will send emails to that person on Your behalf and Your email address will be shown as the address from which such emails are sent to Your referral. 
  10. Cookies:  

    1. When You visit the Website, cookies may be left in Your computer. A cookie is a small text file that uniquely identifies Your browser and which is assigned by the servers of Khelplayrummy. It may be used to personalize Your experience on Khelplayrummy. Additionally, it may also be used for authentication, game management and security purposes. A cookie in no way gives Us access to Your computer or any information about You, other than the data You choose to share with Us.
    2. Cookies may also be assigned by the advertisers of Khelplayrummy when You click on any of the advertisements which may be displayed on Khelplayrummy. In such an event, the cookies are controlled by these advertisers and not by Us.
    3. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but You can usually modify Your browser setting to decline cookies if You prefer. This may prevent You from taking full advantage of the Website.
  11. In addition, Khelplayrummy may collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, security, troubleshooting, and compiling aggregate information (such as how many visitors logged on to the Website). An IP address is a number that uniquely identifies Your computer on the internet. When You visit a particular web page on the Website, Our servers may log Your IP address. 
  12. Software Applications: 
    1. Khelplayrummy may also use software applications for traffic analysis for the Website in order to gain information on statistics, for advertising and for determining the efficiency and popularity of Khelplayrummy among others. 
    2. Information gathered is stored in a secured manner using several information security applications including firewalls. However, security is always relative and Khelplayrummy cannot guarantee that its security measures are absolute and cannot be breached. 
    3. Also, data which is transmitted over the Internet is inherently exposed to security risks or threats. For instance, information transferred via chat or email can be compromised and used by others. Therefore, there is no security for such information. 
    4. When You register with Khelplayrummy, Your account is protected by means of login information which includes a user name and a password that is known only to You. Therefore, it is Your responsibility to maintain the security of Your login information including Your usernames and password. If You come across any suspected breach of security, including compromise of Your login information, it is Your responsibility to immediately ensure the same is brought to the notice of Khelplayrummy. 
  13. Other Websites: The Website Khelplayrummy may contain links to other websites. Those are governed by their own privacy policies and We do not have any control over them. It is Your responsibility to read and understand the privacy policy of such websites when You follow a link outside Khelplayrummy.
  14. Sharing of Information: 
    1. Khelplayrummy has a policy of not sharing any personal identity information with anyone other than entities specially authorized by Khelplayrummy which may also include advertisers and sponsors. However, Khelplayrummy may use Your name, login ID and the state from where You are participating while announcing the results of any contests running on the Website. Such contests are governed by terms and conditions which shall be available on the Website. Periodic analysis and survey of the traffic are conducted by Khelplayrummy for market research and advertising purposes. Khelplayrummy has a right to share Your registration information with the appointed market research and advertising companies or firms from time to time for the said purposes and it may also use cumulative non-personal information for auditing and analysis purposes with the aim of improving its services. 
    2. Khelplayrummy confirms that this Privacy Policy is only a description of its operation regarding user information. This Policy is not intended to and does not create any legal rights in Your favor or in the favor of any other person. 
    3. Khelplayrummy reserves the right to change this Policy at any time without giving You prior notice. 
  15. Purposes of Information and its use 
    1. Except otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy or the Terms, Khelplayrummy will always tell You before it collects any Personal Information and inform You of the purpose of the collection. 
    2. Generally, Khelplayrummy requires this information to understand Your needs and provide You with efficient service, and in particular for the following reasons: 
      * Internal record keeping;
      * Requesting service and support for Our products or services offered by Khelplayrummy; Placement of a transaction or order;
      * Participation in an online survey;
      * Participation in chat or discussion;
      * Collaboration efforts;
      * To improve the Services offered by Khelplayrummy;
      * To periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which Khelplayrummy think You may find interesting using the email address which You have provided; From time to time, Khelplayrummy may also use Your information to contact You or use Your Personal Information for market research purposes. Khelplayrummy may contact You by email, phone, fax or mail; To support recruitment inquiries; or
      * To meet contract obligations.
    3. Khelplayrummy may also provide Your Personal Information to third-party service providers who work on behalf of or with Khelplayrummy to provide some of the services and features of the Website and to help Khelplayrummy to communicate with You. Examples of such services include sending email, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing payments (including credit card payments), and providing customer service. While Khelplayrummy shall make reasonable endeavours to instruct the service providers to not use Your Personal Information other than for the purpose for which it was provided, Khelplayrummy may not always be able to ensure that the service providers do not use Your Personal Information only as directed by Khelplayrummy. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of Your personally identifiable information by such third-parties. Khelplayrummy does not maintain responsibility for the manner in which third parties, including, without limitation, social networks, other partners and advertisers, use or further disclose Personal Information collected from You in accordance with this Privacy Policy, after Khelplayrummy have disclosed such information to those third parties. If You do not want Khelplayrummy to use or disclose Personal Information collected about You in the manners identified in this Privacy Policy, You are advised not to use the Website. 
    4. Additionally, Khelplayrummy may create anonymous information records from Personal Information by excluding information (such as Your name) that would otherwise make the anonymous information personally identifiable to You. This Privacy Policy does not limit Khelplayrummy use or disclosure of any anonymous information in any way, and Khelplayrummy reserve the right to use and disclose such anonymous information to its partners, advertisers and other third parties in its sole discretion. 
    5. Khelplayrummy may share some or all of Your Personal Information with its partners, parent, subsidiary companies, in which case Khelplayrummy will make reasonable endeavours to require them to honor this Privacy Policy. 
    6. In the event Khelplayrummy goes through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, Your Personal Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of Ours or that acquirer's assets may continue to process Your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. 
  16. Legal Processes or Government Request 
    1. Khelplayrummy may disclose Your Personal Information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to 
      1. comply with relevant laws or to respond to summons or warrants served on Us; or
      2. To protect and defend Our rights or property, You, or third parties. You hereby consent to Us by sharing Your Personal Information under the circumstances described herein.
    2. We co-operate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, to help protect You and the community from bad actors. Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, We can (and You authorize Us to) disclose Your name, city, state, telephone number, email address, user ID history, fraud complaints, and bidding history without a summons. Due to the existing regulatory environment, We cannot ensure that all of Your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), We may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or internet users may abuse or misuse Your personal information that they collect from the Website. Therefore, although We use industry standard practices to protect Your privacy, We do not promise, and You should not expect, that Your personal information or private communications will always necessarily remain private.
    3. Except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, Khelplayrummy does not generally sell, trade, rent, or share the Personal Information that it collects with third parties. 
    4. Additionally, Khelplayrummy may share Personal Information if necessary: 
      * to enforce the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, or
      * for prevention of fraud, or
      * for issues involving information security, or
      * to protect: 
        1. Your rights;
        2. the rights of Khelplayrummy; and 
        3. the rights of the general public.
    5. Although We will use reasonable efforts to safeguard the privacy of Your Personal Information, transmissions on the internet cannot be made absolutely secure. Accordingly, We assume no responsibility or liability for disclosure of any of Your Personal Information due to errors in transmission, unauthorised third-party access or other causes beyond our reasonable control. 
    6. We reiterate that protection of Your privacy begins with You. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of Your user ID or password You use to register, and You should always be careful and responsible whenever disclosing information online. 
    7. Khelplayrummy does not assume liability for any events beyond Our direct control or events arising from Force Majeure, such as acts of God, of governmental authorities, war, political unrest, civil disturbances or changes in applicable law. Despite Our best efforts to maintain Your privacy, due to the nature of the prevailing technology and software, We cannot guarantee, nor do We represent that there will be error free performance as regard to the privacy of your Personal Information. We shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential, or punitive damages relating to the use or release of Personal Information. 


