> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kik.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151225011317id_/http%3A//www.kik.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy » kik

### What’s New?

We’ve updated our Privacy Policy to cover two new features on Kik:

 1) Log In – this feature, coming soon on Kik, will allow you to see a limited number of messages from your most recent conversations when you log in to Kik; and

 2) Pay in Kik – this feature allows you to use a third-party payment processor to make payments in Kik, in limited circumstances.

For Log In:

The changes highlight the information we will need to collect and store to make Log In work. Kik will now store (but not see) the text of recent messages. 

Pay in Kik

The changes make clear how your information will be treated if you choose to use the Pay in Kik feature. Your payment card details will be collected by the third-party payment processor and handled in accordance with its privacy policy.

Kik makes it possible for your card details to be collected on your device temporarily for the purpose of passing them along to the payment processor. Kik does not store payment card details at all, although we explain that we may collect other details about the transaction (e.g. username of the person making the payment, recipient of the payment, amount and currency of payment, date of the transaction, and description of what the payment is for). If we do, this information will be collected to improve our products and services (such as Promoted Chats and Pay in Kik) and to perform analytics.

**

To bring our terms more into line with those of many other online companies, we have also removed the reference to 30 days notice for making changes to the Privacy Policy.

*************************

### Privacy Policy

Last updated on December 14, 2015.

This Privacy Policy (this “ **Policy** ”) describes how Kik Interactive, Inc. and its subsidiaries with authorized links to this Policy, (collectively, “ **Kik Group** ”, “ **us** ”, “ **our** ” or “ **we** ”) collect, store, use and disclose Personal Information (defined below) from individuals (a) who use any of the websites located at [www.kik.com](http://kik.com/), the Kik Optimized Pages (defined below) provided by us and/or all other websites of Kik Group with authorized links to this Policy (the “ **Sites** ”), (b) who use our products or services with authorized links to this Policy, including but not limited to our messenger application (“ **Kik** ”), products or services provided by us that you purchase and use within Kik, the Kik share button, and the Apps that Kik (defined below) provided by us, Groups and Promoted Chats (the “ **Products** ”), or (c) otherwise. It does not apply to corporate or business information or employee information.

You must be at least 13 years old to use any Site or Product, and if you are under the age of majority in the jurisdiction where you reside, you may only use a Site or Product if your parent or guardian reviews this Privacy Policy on your behalf.

We have received TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this Policy and our practices have been reviewed for compliance with the TRUSTe program viewable on the validation page available by clicking the TRUSTe seal.

The TRUSTe program covers information collected through the Products and Sites. 

## 2\. Collection of Information

**2.1 Accounts.  **For some of our Products or Sites, we may require you to create an account with us. We will ask you to provide your first and last name, birth date, email address, and (optional) phone number and to choose a username and password when you register for an account on Kik. Each account may also be associated with a scan code (a “ **Kik Code** ”). After downloading one of our Products or accessing one of our Sites, you may also be asked to verify your account via email. We will retain your phone number in hashed format only. From time to time, we may request that you provide us with certain demographic information including but not limited to gender and age information.

**2.2 Products and Sites.**

(a)  _Suggested Friends Features._ Kik includes an “address book matching feature” and/or a “you may know” feature and/or a “find friends” feature (collectively, the “ **Suggested Friends Features** ”), which use your address book contacts to help you connect with your friends by making suggestions to you and your friends. The Suggested Friends Features are optional. When you sign up with Kik for the first time and whenever you log into your Kik account, you will be prompted to indicate whether you want to use the Suggested Friends Features. If you elect to use the Suggested Friends Features, Kik will periodically access and upload the phone numbers and email addresses (but not names) from your mobile device address book to our servers, and check if those phone numbers and email addresses are registered to a Kik user. If a phone number and/or email address in your address book is registered to a Kik user, we will inform you of the Kik user’s first and last name (as registered on Kik) and Kik username, after which you can add them to your Kik contacts and/or send them a Kik message. Email addresses and phone numbers are not shared in this process. We rely upon you to obtain whatever consent from your address book contacts that may be required by law to allow us to access and upload the phone numbers and email addresses as described above for the purpose of generating friend suggestions. If you subsequently opt out of the Suggested Friends Features, we will promptly delete your address book information from its databases and we will not use your phone number and email address to provide the Suggested Friends Features for other users who may have your contact information in their address book. We will use industry standard practices designed to ensure the secure transmission of all data used in the Suggested Friends Features. NOTE: If you opt out of the “you may know”, on older versions of Kik you may still use the “find friends” feature, but we will not retain your address book for the “you may know” feature. If you elect to use the Suggested Friends Features, we will periodically rescan your address book contacts to check for new friends who have joined Kik and present you with people that you may know (as described in Section 2.2(a)), after which you can add them to your Kik contacts by sending them a Kik message.

(b) _  Profile Picture._ Kik includes a profile picture feature that allows you to optionally add a profile picture to your account. If you upload a profile picture, it will be associated with your Kik username. If you do not upload a profile picture, no photo will be associated with your Kik username. Your profile picture will be available in your public profile and to anyone you send a message to or receive a message from.

(c)  _Public Profile._ When you create an account within Kik, Kik will automatically create a public profile page for you. Your public profile will display your first name, last name, Kik username, and profile picture (if you have uploaded one) (your “ **User Profile** ”). Your public profile will be displayed at www.kik.com/u/[your Kik username] and/or at www.kik.me/[your Kik username], and within Kik to anyone who knows your exact username. If an account/profile was created without your knowledge/authorization, we require that you contact us at [support@kik.com](mailto:support@kik.com) to request removal of the profile, and provide us with a photocopy or picture of your government-issued photo ID - such as a passport, driver's licence, or student ID with your personal info. _*PLEASE REMEMBER to cover up any personal information (such as address, licence number), but leave your name and your photo fully visible.”_

(d)  _Messages._ Kik permits users to send messages between users, including plain-text messages and other content such as pictures or videos. If you send a message to one or more individual user(s), we will retain the message sender and recipient data, as well as the text of recent messages (which is stored in a format not readable by Kik) and any content included in the message, and associate it with your Kik username.  If you “Share” content (including Kik Optimized Pages or content via the Kik share button posted on any web site) with another user using the applicable Kik interface, we may retain the domain and subdomain information for web sites that are shared. If you send a message to a Promoted Chats account user, whether such account is operated by a third party or by Kik, we will retain the message sender and recipient data, as well as the text of the message and any content included in the message, and associate it with your Kik username.  Please see Section 5 for more information on Promoted Chats. 

(e)  _Kik Optimized Pages._ Mobile app developers use tools that we make available to developers, including our application program interfaces (“ **APIs** ”) and Kik share button, to create Kik optimized mobile web pages (" **Kik Optimized Pages** ") and other experiences that work within Kik. Kik Optimized Pages (referred to as “Card Features” in earlier versions of this Policy) may be offered by us or by third parties. Among other features, Kik Optimized Pages may enable users to send links to information or other content (“ **Kik Optimized Page Conten** t”) to other users through Kik. For example, Sketch is a Kik Optimized Page which enables users to send links to sketches (the Content) to other users. When a user receives and opens the link to Kik Optimized Page Content from another Kik user, that link or content web address will be automatically added to the user’s browsing history list within Kik. You may remove links or addresses to Kik Optimized Page Content from your browsing history list within Kik by following the instructions on Kik. If you post Kik Optimized Page Content to a Kik Optimized Page, or send a link to such content to one or more other Kik user(s), we may retain the Kik Optimized Page Content on your behalf and associate it with your Kik username. Kik Optimized Page Content may be stored in our systems for some period of time before being deleted (subject to Section 7). If a Kik Optimized Page asks you for your permission to access your user information, and you agree, the person or entity providing the web page will have access to your User Profile in the process of providing the Kik Optimized Page or Kik Optimized Page Content. Please see Section 2.2(h) for more information about Kik Optimized Pages provided by third parties. When you use the “Check In” feature in any Kik Optimized Page: (i) your User Profile will be visible to all Kik users who use the “Check In” feature in the same Kik Optimized Page; and (ii) your first name, last name and profile picture will be visible to other Kik users who access the Kik Optimized Page but do not “Check In”.

(f)  _Apps that Kik._ Kik integrates with certain applications that users may separately download (“ **Apps that Kik** ”) and permits users who have installed such applications to send the application’s content (“ **Apps that Kik Content** ”) to other users who have installed such applications through Kik. For the avoidance of doubt, you must separately download Apps that Kik in order to use such applications with Kik. Apps that Kik may be provided by us or third parties. If you download Apps that Kik provided by a third party, your name, Kik username, profile photo and message identifier information may be disclosed to the third party. If you send Apps that Kik Content to one or more other user(s), we may retain that Apps that Kik Content on your behalf (e.g., it may show up in your Apps that Kik history) and associate it with your Kik username.  Apps that Kik Content may be stored in our systems for some period of time before being deleted (subject to Section 7). Please see Section 2.2(h) for more information about Apps that Kik provided by third parties.

(g)  _Third Party Sites and Products._ As mentioned above, certain Kik Optimized Pages and Apps that Kik are provided by third parties (“ **Third Party Sites and Products** ”). We are not responsible for and do not control such Third Party Sites and Products. We have no obligation to review or monitor, and do not approve, endorse, or make any representations or warranties with respect to Third Party Sites and Products. You use all Third Party Sites and Products at your own risk. When you access a Third Party Site and Product, the applicable third party’s terms and policies apply, including the third party’s privacy policies. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any Third Party Sites and Products. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Third Party Sites and Products may have access to your username, User Profile, the username of the intended recipient(s), your location, and the content that you send using the Third Party Site and Product.

 (h)  _Groups._  When you set up or join a public or private group, your User Profile, along with all content you post or submit to that group, will be visible to all other members of that group. If you join a public group, your User Profile will also be visible to anyone who views the group.

(i) _Log-in Feature._ Kik includes a “Log-in feature” (the “ **Log-in Featur** e”), which allows you to see a limited number of your recent conversations and messages within those conversations when you log back into Kik after logging out. You can opt out of the Log-in Feature (but not related storage of messages) at any time, in which case you will no longer see your recent conversations and messages when you log back into Kik after logging out.

**2.3 Other Information You Provide.  **We may also collect Personal Information from time to time through the following:

  * If/when you add a favorite within the Kik application.
  * If/when you contact us via email (with feedback, for support, or otherwise), we will collect your name and email address, as well as any other content included in the email, in order to send you a reply.
  * If/when you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional profile information.
  * If/when you post messages on our message boards, the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at [support@kik.com](mailto:support@kik.com).  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know that we are unable to do so and why.
  * We may also collect Personal Information at other points in our Sites that state Personal Information is being collected.
  * If/when we make it possible for you to order Products from us, we will collect all information necessary to complete the transaction, including your name, credit card information, billing information and shipping information.
  * If/when you scan a Kik Code.



**2.4 Information Collected Via Technology.**

**2.4.1 Sites**

When you visit the Sites, we or the third party advertisers that deliver advertisements to the Sites or third party service providers (such as analytics providers) of our Sites may collect, store or recognize some information on your computer from technologies such as: cookies, beacons, pixel tags and scripts.

“ **Cookies** ” are small text files that a website sends to your computer while you are viewing a website that identify an individual computer’s browser entering the Sites. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Sites. We use cookies to remember users’ settings (e.g. language preference). We may also use Cookies, beacons, image tags and similar technologies to gather information about you, such as the geographic region or area associated with the IP address assigned to your computer or mobile device, brand of mobile device, etc.

Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept Cookies, then you can instruct your browser by changing its settings to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Persistent Cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable Cookies, some areas of our Sites may not work properly.

A “Web Beacon” is an electronic image that can be used to recognize a cookie on your computer when you view a web page or email message.  Pixel tags (also called “clear” gifs) are used to track website page visits and email message views and to identify the types of email your browser supports. 

These technologies, including reports we may receive based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis, are used in measuring the effectiveness of and improving our Sites and communications, analyzing trends, administering the Sites, making the Sites and advertising more useful to you, tailoring your experience with us, and gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole.

As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically on our Sites, and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.

We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 or other LSOs.

We may combine the information described above with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve the services we offer you, to improve our marketing or analytics, or to improve the functionality of our Sites.

**2.4.2 Products**

When you use our Products, we and/or our third party service providers collect information about you, and/or your mobile device automatically through various technologies as described below (“ **Collection Technologies** ”) and such information may be associated with your Kik username, your device and/or your IP address. Such information may include: what Products you downloaded and Sites you accessed; pages or Third Party Sites and Products you viewed or used; time spent on pages; terms searched; links clicked; how long it takes for pages to load; what type of device you have; language preference; device uptime and network status; performance data; carrier network preferences; the geographic region or area associated with the IP address assigned to your computer or mobile device; a generated device id such as your Android ID, or if you have an iPhone, your IDFV and/or IDFA; if you have an iPhone or a Windows Phone, your push tokens; the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the connection for each authentication request; the date/time stamp for various Kik activities; the use of Kik Optimized Pages and the sharing of content through the Products; and other similar diagnostic logs. We may also collect information on an anonymous basis regarding how or how often you use various Kik features. We may link the information we store within third party analytics tools to your personally identifiable information.

With the exception of the limited geographic information associated with an IP address, we do not ask for, access or track any location-based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our Sites or Products. 

The information we collect using Collection Technologies is used in measuring the effectiveness of and improving our Products and communications, analyzing trends, administering the Sites, making our Products, Sites and advertising more useful to you, tailoring your experience with us, and gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole.  Like most companies, we automatically gather the information described above and store it in log files each time you use our Products.

**2.4.2.1 Kik Features.**  Along with other information collected via the Collection Technologies, when you use the following features included in the Products (collectively, the “Kik Features”), we may collect additional information as set out below:

\-   **Kik Search Engine** \- we may collect search queries submitted through the Kik search engine and retain them in anonymous form. 

\- **Kik Web Browser Feature** \- when you use the web browser feature of Kik to visit web pages, we may collect the web addresses of the sites you visit (i.e. your browsing history).

\- **Kik Share Button** \- when you use the Kik Share Button hosted on third party websites to transmit links or other content to other Kik users, we may collect the web addresses and content that you elect to send using the share button. We may also collect information with respect to the number of times you use the Kik share button and the geographic region or area associated with the IP address assigned to your computer or mobile device. 

\- **Groups** – when you set up a group, are invited to join a group, join a group, or send or receive a message within a group, Kik associates this information with your Kik username.

\- **Promoted Chats** – when you send a message as part of a Promoted Chat, or receive or accept an invitation to participate in a Promoted Chat, Kik retains the message sender and recipient data, as well as the content of the message, and associates it with your Kik username.

\- **Kik Codes** – when you use a Kik Code (or your Kik Code is used) to invite your friends to Kik, join a group, authenticate yourself, or engage with retailers, advertisers or other third-parties, we may collect information such as the number of times you use the Kik Code is used and the time(s) and geographic region(s) or area(s) within which the Kik Code is used or scanned.

-  **Pay in Kik** – Kik includes the ability to complete payments in Kik through a third party payment processor (currently Stripe, whose privacy policy is located here: <https://stripe.com/us/privacy>).  When you enter your payment and cardholder information through Kik, you authorize the third party payment processor to collect, use, retain and disclose information as disclosed in its privacy policy and to process your payment.  When you enter your payment card information on your device, the information is transferred to the payment processor, but is not collected by Kik. Kik may, however, collect other details about the transaction (e.g. username of the person making the payment, recipient of the payment, amount and currency of payment, date of the transaction and description of what the payment is for) and associate it with your Kik username.  Kik collects this information to improve our products and services (such as Promoted Chats and Pay in Kik) and to perform analytics.  If you choose to “remember your card” in your Kik account for future transactions, Kik will assign an identifier for use in facilitating your future payment requests without requiring you to re-enter your payment card data. This identifier will be associated with your account, but will not grant Kik access to your payment card data.

We collect this information on Kik Features to improve our Products and Sites, make our Products, Sites and advertising more useful to you, to tailor your experience with us and for analytics purposes.

When you use the Kik web browser feature, a Kik Code, the Kik Share Button, or Pay in Kik, third party websites and providers may also collect information from you using Collection Technologies, but this Policy does not cover such collection or any resulting use or disclosure.

**2.4.2.2 Crash Analytics.  **Using our own software or software provided by third parties, we may analyze errors or malfunctions in the Kik application for the purpose of providing Sites and Products, resolving bugs and improving performance. This analysis may result in limited log information (which may include some browsing data and small amounts of personally identifiable information) being collected by us.

**2.4.2.3 Service Updates.**   We may occasionally send you service announcements, administrative messages and other information that may be of importance to you, through email or through our mobile application. You may not be able to opt-out of these messages, but you may be able to stop receiving notifications of these types of communication by turning them off at the device level through your settings.

**2.5 Information Collected from You About Others.**  If you decide to invite another person to create an account with us, to add Kik Optimized Pages or Kik Optimized Page Content, to engage in Promoted Chats or to perform another activity on Kik, you should only do so if you have a personal or family relationship (as defined below) with the person and only if you think that person would want to be contacted by us or a third party and the invitation is permitted by privacy and anti-spam laws. If you extend an invitation: (i) to create an account with us, we will collect your and the third party’s names and email addresses in order to send an email and follow up with the third party; (ii) to add Kik Optimized Pages or Kik Optimized Page Content, or to engage in Promoted Chats, or to perform another activity on Kik, we will share your and the third party’s User Profile with the provider of such Kik Optimized Pages or Promoted Chats, or use this information to contact the third party if the Kik Optimized Page or Promoted Chat is provided by us. We rely upon you to have obtained whatever consent may be required by law from the third party in order to allow us to collect that third party’s information and contact them as described above. You or the third party may contact us at support@kik.com to request removal of this information from our database. For the purposes of this Policy, “personal relationship” means that you have had direct, voluntary, two-way communications with the other person, and a reasonable person would conclude that you have a personal relationship taking into consideration relevant factors (i.e. sharing of interests, experiences, opinions and information evidenced in the communications, frequency of communication, whether you have met the other user in person). Also for the purposes of this Policy, “family relationship” means you are related to each other through marriage, common-law partnership, or any legal parent-child relationship in which the individuals have had direct, voluntary, two-way communication.

**2.6 Information Collected from Third Party Companies.  **We may receive information about you from third parties. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our Sites and our Products, for a variety of purposes, including to verify other information about you and to improve the Products we provide. We may use anonymous information to enhance the advertising we provide to you.

**2.7 Information Transmitted to Social Networking Sites.  **Some of our Products will enable you to post content to social networking sites (e.g., Facebook, Twitter or Instagram). If you choose to do this, we will provide your information to such social networking sites in accordance with your elections. Such site’s use of your information is not governed by this Policy. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for your use of those sites and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party provider of such social networking sites. We will not be responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such sites; (ii) the content, products, or services on or availability of such sites; or (iii) your use of any such third party social networking sites.

**2.8 Advertising and Analytics Partners.** We may share anonymous data with analytics providers (including Google Analytics), and other third parties (“ **Partners** ”) to analyze Site and Product usage by our users and develop and deliver advertising and promotional content in our Products and on Kik Optimized Websites. We may also allow Partners to collect this type of information within our Sites and Products. Our Partners may collect this information through the use of their Collection Technologies (e.g. their cookies) or by requesting this information directly from you (e.g. via Promoted Chats or Pay in Kik). The information collected may be used by our Partners for purposes disclosed in their privacy policies, and by us to undertake analytics (e.g. to analyze traffic and other end user activity to improve your experience) or to develop and deliver advertising and promotional content in our Products and on Kik Optimized Websites. We do not control our Partners or their Collection Technologies or privacy practices, and this Policy does not govern their use of information collected from you using their Collection Technologies, Pay in Kik, or Promoted Chats. To learn more about Google Analytics, you can visit: <http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners>.

## 4\. Disclosures & Transfers

In addition to the disclosures described in Section 2, we may additionally disclose your information as follows:

**4.1  **Our servers and our service providers may be located in the United States, Canada or other countries and, as such, your Personal Information may be available to the U.S., Canadian or other government or its agencies under a lawful order made in the applicable country (and such information may be further made available by that country to other countries), irrespective of the safeguards we have put in place for the protection of your Personal Information.

**4.2**  From time to time we may employ third parties to help operate our business, the Sites or our Products. Examples of such service providers include vendors and suppliers that provide us with technology, services and/or content for analyzing data, including user content, research services, advertising and marketing assistance, payment processing (including credit card payments), and customer service. Access to your Personal Information by each of these service providers is limited to the information reasonably necessary to perform its limited function and these service providers may only use your Personal Information to provide services on our behalf.

**4.3**  If you download an App that Kiks, scan a Kik Code, or access or use a Kik Optimized Page provided by a third party, your User Profile and message identifier information may be disclosed to the third party. We may disclose Personal Information in some other limited circumstances, but we will specifically describe them to you when we collect the information, such as in a separate consent for a new product or service.

**4.4**  If you decide to invite another user of Kik to use or access a Kik Optimized Page or to a Promoted Chat, you should only do so if you have the consent of that user to allow his or her User Profile to be shared with the provider of the Kik Optimized Page or Promoted Chat. We rely upon you to have obtained whatever consent may be required by law from the users that you invite in order to allow for the disclosure of this information. If another user of Kik invites you to use a Kik Optimized Page or Promoted Chat, you consent to us disclosing your User Profile to the provider of the Kik Optimized Page (to allow the provider to invite you to access their page) or Promoted Chat (to allow the advertiser or Kik to invite you to chat with the advertiser or Kik and then chat with you if you opt-in).

**4.5  **We may, and you hereby authorize us to, transfer or disclose your Personal Information to a third party without your consent: (a) if we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to (i) detect, prevent or address fraud and other illegal activity, or (ii) identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other users of our Products or Sites, or anyone else (including the rights or property of anyone else) that could be harmed by such activities; (b) in connection with any legal or other investigation, including an investigation related to a suspected breach of our Acceptable Use Policy or other provision of our Terms of Service; (c) when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is required or permitted by and in accordance with the law, including when responding to subpoenas, warrants, production orders, or similar orders issued under Canadian laws or by a court of competent jurisdiction served on the Kik Group; and/or (d) if we believe in good faith that disclosure is needed to protect your safety or the safety of others, including when there is an emergency involving loss of security or serious injury to any person or threats thereof.  

**4.6**  We may also disclose your Personal Information in connection with a corporate reorganization, a merger or acquisition with another entity, or a sale of all or a substantial portion of our assets or business provided that the information disclosed continues to be used for the purposes permitted by this Policy by the entity acquiring the information. In the unlikely event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, Personal Information may also be transferred as a business asset. We may share some or all of your Personal Information with a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control (collectively, “ **Affiliates** ”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Policy. If your Personal Information is disclosed in connection with the sale of all or a substantial portion of our assets or business, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your Personal Information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your Personal Information.  

## 5\. Third Party Websites and Promoted Chats

**5.1  **When you click on a link to any other website maintained by anyone other than us, including through your use of the browser feature integrated into Kik and use of Kik Optimized Pages developed by third parties, you will leave our Site and go to another site and another entity may collect Personal Information or anonymous information from you. Kik Optimized Pages may receive information from your Kik account at your election. Such site’s collection, use and disclosure of your information is not governed by this Policy. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for your use of those sites and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party provider of such sites. We will not be responsible or liable for your use of any such sites and such third party provider’s use, collection, and disclosure of your information. We have no obligation to review or monitor, and do not approve, endorse, or make any representations or warranties with respect to third party sites. You use all third party sites at your own risk. When you access or use third party sites, the applicable third party’s terms and policies apply, including the third party’s privacy policies. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before accessing or using any third party sites and Products. This includes making your own assessment about whether “block” or “ignore” features are made available through third party sites.

**5.2  **Third parties, including advertisers, or Kik can create Kik accounts to communicate with Kik users within Kik (“ **Promoted Chats** ”). Promoted Chats enable third parties or Kik to send promotional and other messages and content (including links to promotional offers and other information) to any Kik user who has elected to communicate with them through Promoted Chats. Third parties or Kik may also send invitations to Kik users who have been invited to such Promoted Chat by another Kik user, as described in Sections 2.5 and 4.4, but that third party or Kik cannot send any further messages to such user until the user has expressly opted in to the Promoted Chat. If you are invited to a Promoted Chat, and do not respond to the invitation, you will not receive further messages from such Promoted Chat. If a user opts in to a Promoted Chat, the Promoted Chat user profile is automatically added to the user’s friend list within Kik.  You may unsubscribe from Promoted Chats at any time by following the instructions on Kik at http://www.help.kik.com (the “Help Site”) to block messages from the advertiser’s user profile. We do not approve, endorse or make any representations or warranties with respect to Promoted Chats. The user’s User Profile may be shared with third parties to allow them to invite the user to chat, and then chat with the user if the user opts-in.    To track the performance and success of Promoted Chats and to improve the service, we may utilize aggregate level tracking of Promoted Chats. For example, we may measure how many users who elect to participate in Promoted Chats with a particular advertiser then block messages from that advertiser. We may also prepare reports or provide other services to advertisers in respect of their Promoted Chats.

**5.3   **      When you scan a Kik Code of a retailer, advertiser or other third party, information stored in the code, such as product SKU, product URL and code location, may be collected by the third party. This information may be associated with your Kik User Profile. 

**5.4**         The collection, use and disclosure of your information through third-party websites, payment processors or scan codes of a retailer, advertiser or other third party is not governed by this Policy. You acknowledge that you are solely responsible for your use of those sites, payment processor services or codes and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the applicable third party provider. We will not be responsible or liable for your use of any such sites, payment processing services or codes or the third party provider’s use, collection, and disclosure of your information. We have no obligation to review or monitor, and do not approve, endorse, or make any representations or warranties with respect to third party sites, payment processing services or codes. You use all third party sites, payment processing services and codes at your own risk. When you access or use third party sites, payment processing services or codes, the applicable third party’s terms and policies apply, including the third party’s privacy policies. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before accessing or using any third party sites, payment processing services, codes or Products. This includes making your own assessment about whether “block” or “ignore” features are made available through third party sites.
