> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kikiriki.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171202212759id_/http%3A//www.kikiriki.com/index.php%3Froute%3Dinformation/information%26information_id%3D3) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

 This declaration contains the confidentiality policy of kikiriki.com (Okan Konf. San.Tic.Ltd.Şti.). By visiting the kikiriki.com web site, you agree to the following terms and conditions. Kikiriki.com asks for some personal information from you during and after your membership. The protection of your personal information and the ability to maintain your privacy are our top priorities as a kikiriki.com team. Any information you provide for this reason will not be used in any way other than the rules and purposes set out in the Membership Agreement, and will not be shared with third parties. Kikiriki.com uses and uses the IP address of the user when necessary in order to detect problems related to the system and to fix the problems as quickly as possible. IP addresses can also be used to identify users in a general way and to collect comprehensive demographic information. 

 You are required to provide your contact details (name, surname, email address, phone numbers and postal address) on registration forms, order forms, surveys and contests on our website. You also need to provide your credit card information on the purchase form. Your personal information mentioned above; To contact you for marketing purposes about products and services, to update your information, to manage and maintain your membership, to offer you the products and services you can interest, and to provide you with technical, Logistics and other similar functions in order to fulfill our pace. From the moment you become a member of kikiriki.com, daily and weekly information notices will be sent to your e-mail address, unless otherwise requested by you.

 You have the right to make changes to these e-mails at any time, to give up service and restart. The contents of these e-mails are; Information about the products or products you have purchased, other products we think you may be interested in, advertisements of 3rd parties and similar information. Demographic information is used to tailor our site to the interests of our users. This information can be shared with advertisers, to ensure that ads can be tailored to the target audience, and only with information from other users. No personal information is given in this information in any way, only group deductions and segmentation purposes are used in relation to user trends.

 The collected financial information is used to bill you for the products and services you have purchased. When you make a purchase on our site, you agree to give your financial information to third parties (banks, credit card companies, etc.) required to perform your transaction. Information to be shared; Credit card number, expiration date, all financial information required including CVV2. All credit cards and personal information are encrypted with SSL Secure, the internet security standard, 256 mbit. In this way, it is avoided that your information will not be seized by unauthorized persons or institutions in any way during their roaming on the internet.

 You can send us an email from our contact section for all questions and suggestions related to our privacy policy. You can send us your email cancellation by sending an email to support@kikiriki.com or by clicking on the 'Cancel Membership' option under 'My Account' tab at kikiriki.com You can do so by processing. Customers can request written information free of charge at KikiRiki to find out what information is stored about them. Requests for possible corrections, obstacles or deletion of information are processed promptly to the extent required by law.

 You may need to request personal information, such as your name, address, e-mail address, and phone number, in order to respond to your requests and requests, fulfill these requests, or manage interactive customer programs. To share this information with us and to become a member of www.kikiriki.com will be realized with your request and approval. The information we collect is stored securely in our database. We may use this information to contact you to respond to your requests, to provide you with information about our new products, services, and campaigns via mail, email or phone.

We will not give these details to any third person without your consent unless required by applicable legislation. In addition, our website uses technologies that collect data such as your IP address, your computer's operating system, and your browser application. At any time, if you want to unsubscribe from our daily mailing list, you can click on the mail subscription by clicking on the link "Please click to exit our mailing list" at the bottom of the mail we have sent.

Okan Konf. San.Tic.Ltd.Şti. 

Savaş Caddesi Meşe Sokak No:14 34173 Merter İstanbul/Türkiye
