> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jandenul.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-04-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180426023254id_/http%3A//www.jandenul.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Jan De Nul Group

Jan De Nul Group is committed to safeguarding the privacy of visitors to its website (the “Website”). Please read the following policy to understand how your information will be treated. Wherever reference is made to “Jan De Nul Group”, this is deemed to include Jan De Nul Group (Sofidra SA), its affiliatesand its and their shareholders, officers, directors, agents, employees and representatives.  

#### The information we collect

You are not required to provide any personal information on the public areas of the Website. However, you may choose to do so by completing the application forms on various sections of our Website, including: 

  * Press (Request Form)
  * Contact (Contact Form)



#### How we use this information

We will only use the information you provide to us on these sections of the Website in order to process the relevant action or to respond to your query.   

In relation to any other third parties we will only disclose your information where you have given your consent or where we are required to do so by law, or where it is necessary for the purpose of, or in connection with legal proceedings or in order to exercise or defend legal rights.   

#### Email correspondence

All email messages sent to and from Jan De Nul Group are monitored in a constant effort to improve the quality of response and to ensure compliance with internal policies.  

#### Google Analytics

The Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website is usually transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on website activity for the Website operator and providing other services for the Website operator relating to website activity and internet usage. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this Website. By using the Website, you agree to the processing of data by Google in the manner and for the purposes described above.

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact Jan De Nul

  * Through the controller: [privacy@jandenul.com](mailto:privacy@jandenul.com)
  * Through the data protection officer: [natalia.korczakrimbert@jandenulgroup.com](mailto:natalia.korczakrimbert@jandenulgroup.com)


