> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jango.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-12-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20011209055058id_/http%3A//www.excite.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Excite's Customer Information Privacy Policy

|  |  | 

* * *

|  |  |  |   
---  
[](https://www.truste.org/validate/43) Excite@Home is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. The At Home Corporation owns and operates the Excite@Home Network, which includes the following [Internet domains](https://web.archive.org/web/20011209055058id_/http://www.excite.com/privacy_policy/domains.html). This statement discloses the privacy practices of the [www.excite.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20011209055058id_/http://www.excite.com/privacy_policy/domains.html) Web site, and also applies to each of the other Web sites within the Excite@Home Network. When you visit a Web site displaying the TRUSTe trustmark, you can expect to be notified of: 

  1. What Personally Identifiable Information of yours is collected
  2. What organization is collecting the information
  3. How the information is used
  4. With whom the information may be shared
  5. What choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of the information
  6. What kind of security procedures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under the company's control
  7. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information



Questions regarding this statement should be directed to Excite@Home's [Support Services](http://www.excite.com/feedback/) department. If we have not responded to your inquiry in a timely manner, or your inquiry has not been satifactorily addressed, please contact [TRUSTe](http://www.truste.org/users/watchdog.html).

To return to the Web Site, please use the "Back" button on your browser.

The Internet is rapidly changing the way all of us communicate and interact with each other. While the Internet allows each of us access to a greater array of information and services than has ever been available, these new online activities do raise new challenges, such as the privacy issues addressed in this policy. Excite@Home is committed to working with public policy organizations, industry groups, and government institutions to understand and address these challenges as they arise. But most importantly, having a relationship with our customers that is founded on trust is not only good manners, it is also good business. Any [feedback](http://www.excite.com/feedback/) you'd like to provide to help us better meet your expectations in this arena is welcomed. 

**Our Commitment to You**

Excite@Home wants to make your online experience satisfying and safe. Our data collection policies allow you to choose how much information to provide to us, and to control how we use that information. Our goal is to provide you with a robust online experience while allowing you to control your privacy.

Excite@Home collects information online primarily to make it easier and more rewarding for you to use our services. Depending on the service you are accessing, you could be asked at various times to provide information such as your name, email address, or information about what you like and do not like. On other occasions such as when we provide items for purchase online, we may request your credit card number to conclude the transaction, or your mailing address to ensure proper delivery. We request this information to provide our strongest value to you - a personalized online experience. Customers who personalize our service come back more often - and it's the customers that visit us often who make us successful - so we do everything we can to make Excite@Home your service with your name on it and to give you just the content you want.

Information collected online is often defined as being either anonymous or personally identifiable: 

  1. **Anonymous Information** refers to information that cannot be tied back to a specific individual. For instance, we may know that 10,000 people visit this Privacy Policy today, but we do not necessarily know their names, where they live, or their date of birth. What we collect from transactions such as this constitutes anonymous information, much like how your hometown's bus service knows how many people take a given route - but doesn't necessarily know who those people are. Many of the individuals who access our services decline to use the personalization features that are available to them, and therefore those individuals are anonymous to us and the data we collect is similarly anonymous information. 
  2. **Personally Identifiable Information** refers to information that tells us specifically who you are, such as your name, phone number, or postal address. In many cases we need this information to provide the personalized or enhanced service that have requested. Examples of the use of such information would be our award-winning "My Excite Start Page," which uses your mailing address to customize TV schedules, weather reports, and sports scores; our commerce-enabled services, which allow our partners to ship the products you buy to your door; or our free Excite Mail email service, which uses your name as part of a security mechanism to protect your messages from being read by anyone but you. We hope that, like many of our customers, you will find it beneficial to judiciously provide Personally Identifiable Information to Excite@Home so that we may provide more valuable free content and products to you. 

The amount of Personally Identifiable Information that you choose to disclose to Excite@Home is completely up to you. The only way we know something about you personally is if you register for a personalized service or enter one of our Excite@Home Network sweepstakes. In other words, we will know Personally Identifiable Information about you only if you choose to share this type of information with us.   
---  
**Our Commitment to Your Family**

Like you, we at the Excite@Home Network have children of our own and are concerned about their safety and privacy when they use the Internet. That is why we have established the following guidelines for the way we interact with children when they access our services. 

_A Segmented Service_

Excite@Home's registration systems have been designed to instantly calculate the age of a customer so that we can make appropriate decisions regarding information collection and service offerings. When a customer registers for personalized products and other services available on the Excite@Home Network, we ask the customer to provide both  Personally Identifiable Information (PII) (i.e. full name, physical address, email address) and full birth date in order to better serve the user community. For customers 13 and older, we retain all registration information and provide the customer with access to all services. For customers under the age of 13, we retain only their first name, birth date, and Excite Member Name (or screen name). All  Personally Identifiable Information  is discarded before it is written to our databases, even if the customer included it on the registration form. For their safety, customers under the age of 13 are not allowed access to any service where PII can be shared with a third party, such as Excite Mail, Excite Chat, or Excite Clubs. Customers under the age of 13 are allowed to access other services on the Excite@Home Network. 

_Children Under the Age of 13_

Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), Excite@Home will never knowingly collect PII from anyone under the age of 13 without first obtaining parental consent. As a TRUSTe Premier Sponsor, we will place a "Children's Seal" on any page directly targeted to children under 13 that requests the disclosure of PII, informing those children that parental consent is needed prior to the collection of such information. Excite@Home will use a secure and verifiable method for obtaining such consent. 

While Excite@Home will not target services to those under 13 without using the safeguards listed above, we recognize that some children will attempt to register and use the services on our general interest Web sites. If a customer registers with us and the birth date they supply indicates an age below 13, Excite@Home will immediately discard all PII without collecting, using, storing, or disclosing the PII to third parties; or, prior to collecting that information, Excite@Home will implement all the requirements set forth in the COPPA, including those related to parental notice, consent, and access. 

In addition to these protections, Excite@Home will never list Personally Identifiable Information, or information that would allow for the online or offline contact of a child under age 13 in any member directory. 

_Children Ages 13-17_

Excite@Home offers levels of protection for minors between the ages of 13 and 17 that exceed those required by either TRUSTe or federal law. For our customers whose registration information indicates an age from 13 to 17, we offer the following specific protections: 

1\. Similar to the policy adopted for customers under age 13, Excite@Home will not share the PII of customers who are 13 to 17 years old with any third party - even if that customer gave us permission to do so during registration - except in cases where the information is being shared with a nonprofit organization that offers bona fide outreach and support services to children. In cases where minors have volunteered information in the context of a peer counseling or mentoring environment on an Excite@Home Network site, this information will be shared with that nonprofit organization. An example of such a bona fide nonprofit organization is the [ SHINE ](http://shine.excite.com/)(Seeking Harmony in Neighborhoods Everywhere) organization that Excite@Home sponsors. As reflected in Excite@Home's general Privacy Policy, we will provide PII about our users age 13-17 to law enforcement or judicial authorities upon request and receipt of proper documentation. Additionally, if we believe that Excite@Home property or an individual's safety or security is at risk, we will provide this information to proper court or law enforcement agencies. 

2\. With the publication of this Privacy Policy, updated March 15, 2000, Excite@Home announces the launch of the Zink teen portal site located at http://zink.excite.com. As a member of the Excite@Home Network, the Zink teen portal site adheres to the information practices set forth in this Privacy Policy. Teens who register on the Zink site will have access to a range of services that will help them connect with other teens who share common interests, and keep informed about issues that are important to them. As a service to Zink members, Excite@Home will periodically send teen-oriented newsletters, product announcements, and opportunities for prizes and services to those who consent to receive such communications. These mailings will be tailored with age-appropriate content and sent directly from Excite@Home, because we believe it is essential to exert the greatest control on the mailings' content as possible. Customers in this age group who registered before March 15, 2000 must register at Zink's Web site and indicate their consent in order to receive these mailings. 

The management and employees of Excite@Home are very proud of our industry-leading steps to safeguard the privacy of all minors online. We're doing what we can to ensure that  Personally Identifiable Information  of registered users under the age of 18 won't leave our company for commercial use, and that someone using our site won't be able to easily discover their age. These protections are a start, but there are additional measures parents and guardians can take to protect the privacy and safety of children online. For more information, we recommend that you visit the [ Parents and Children ](http://www.truste.org/users/users_privacy_links.html#parents) portion of the TRUSTe site, which contains information and links to other resources on this subject.   
  
**Can Excite@Home Do Something About Spam?**  
In the online world, unsolicited junk email is referred to as "Spam." Nearly all of us at one time or another will find Spam in our email inboxes. Sadly, there is no current solution to completely prevent the delivery of Spam although our Excite Mail team is constantly working on solutions that help. Your email address can become available to "Spammers" in any number of ways. You may have entered your email address at a non-Excite@Home Web site where you signed up for a product or service. Or maybe you posted a message to a discussion board and included your email address - from which it can be automatically plucked by disreputable firms. Or, you might have done nothing at all. Unfortunately, some Spammers send massive amounts of email to various Internet domains, including ours and those run by companies such as Yahoo!® or AOL®. These individuals target large lists of probable email names (like "John") and the resultant email address (like "john@excite.com"). While these activities are horribly inefficient, they are a common practice that allow Spammers to get mail out to people who have not provided their names or addresses. Your best bet is simply to delete such email from your inbox if you find any.

Regrettably, all of us are victims of this behavior. Excite@Home does not condone these activities and is active in pursuing solutions, including supporting the development of new laws and regulations to stem email Spamming. Excite@Home is not responsible for this unfortunate activity, and largely cannot stop it from occurring when it originates from domains off of the Excite@Home Network. We can and will, however, take actions against Excite@Home users who utilize any of our email products as the launching pad for Spam directed towards others, whether those prospective Spam recipients be Excite@Home customers or not. Sending Spam from any Excite@Home domain is a serious breach of our [Terms of Service](http://www.excite.com/terms.html) that can lead to immediate closure of the sender's account.

Finally, Excite@Home does occasionally send outbound email communications to our customers - and we hope you never think of it as Spam. To ensure that this is the case, we have strong policies in place that allow our customers to control the delivery of this content, or to prevent it altogether if that is your preference. For information about the controls that we make available to you, please see the information about unsubscribing from Excite@Home outbound emailings shown below.  
  
---  
  
**What Personally Identifiable Information of yours is collected**

In our effort to provide personalization and opportunities for prizes and services, we may at times ask you to submit information such as your name or email address, or to share your interests and hobbies with us. You never have to answer these questions, and you can decline this exchange of information on any site on the Internet - not just ours - at any time. However, if you should choose to withhold requested information, we may not be able to provide you with some of the services dependent upon the collection of this information, such as a personalized stock portfolio, a sweepstakes entry, or the purchase and shipment of products and prizes to people who visit our network.

If you are an Excite@Home broadband cable service customer, you are electing to use a paid service that requires you to supply certain information to establish the billing relationship. For instance, your name, address, phone number, and potentially your credit card number must be provided to initiate service. That information is only available to authorized Excite@Home personnel for installing, maintaining, and billing the Excite@Home service.

When you surf the Internet, your Internet browser (such as Netscape Navigator® or Microsoft Internet Explorer) automatically transmits some information to Excite@Home every time you access content on one of our sites, whether accessing it from the Excite@Home cable Internet access service or through another Internet Service Provider (ISP). Examples of such information include the URL of the Web page you were just on (known as the "Refer"), the IP (or Internet Protocol) address of the computer you are using, or the browser version you are using to access our site. All of this information is collected by Excite@Home and is used to help improve our offerings to you. For instance, from this information we determined that few of our customers use older browser versions. Because of this we recently decided to enhance the quality of content available to all of our customers by using the advanced features of HTML that cannot be accessed from those older browser versions. All of the information that is automatically submitted to us by your browser is considered Anonymous Information.

To enable many of the features available within the Excite@Home Network, we will assign "cookies" to your Internet browser (such as Netscape Navigator or Microsoft Internet Explorer). A cookie is a small text file that contains a unique identification number stored on your computer. Cookies by themselves cannot be used to find out the identity of any user. This unique identification number automatically identifies your browser - but not you - to our computers whenever you interact on one of our Internet domains. When you visit our site, a cookie in effect says to our server computers "Hello, I'm browser #655. What do you do just for me?" Every Web page that you access that includes advertising or content served from the Excite@Home Network will have the contents of your cookie reported in our server logs. But only when you agree to provide Personally Identifiable Information directly to an [Excite@Home branded service](https://web.archive.org/web/20011209055058id_/http://www.excite.com/privacy_policy/domains.html), such as through registration, will we be able to know anything about you other than the random number that our server computers originally assign to your browser.

There is a lot of confusion about cookies, how they are used, and what they can do. Cookies only contain information that the server computer "knew" in the first place, and can only be read by the serving domain that placed them. For instance, Yahoo! utilizes cookies, but Excite@Home's servers can't read their contents nor can Yahoo!'s servers read ours. Cookies are an essential part of how the Internet works today, and allow server computers to recognize your computer's browser when you return. If you have ever gone to a Web page that automatically provides personalized content without you having to "sign in," such as your own stock portfolio, this is almost certainly being accomplished with a cookie. Since cookies are only text files, they cannot "run" on your computer and have no ability to search your computer for other information, or transmit it to anyone.

Cookies are part of the technology implemented by your Web browser. But don't just take our word for it - read what the companies who wrote the browsers have to say!

For Netscape, please visit: <http://home.netscape.com/security/basics/privacy.html#cookies>

For Microsoft, please visit: <http://www.microsoft.com/insider/internet/articles/security2.htm#cookies>  
  
---  
  
**What organization is collecting the information**

The data you provide in [any Internet domain of the Excite@Home Network](https://web.archive.org/web/20011209055058id_/http://www.excite.com/privacy_policy/domains.html), including [http://www.excite.com](http://www.excite.com/), is collected by the At Home Corporation. Excite@Home is a wholly owned-subsidiary of this corporation. [Click here](http://www.home.net/) to find information about the At Home Corporation.

If you are a user of the Excite@Home broadband cable service, you have a second, separate, relationship with your Excite@Home cable partner that is directly providing services to you. These companies receive the information you supply to Excite@Home to create your account, but do not receive subsequent Personally Identifiable Information from us regarding you or your activities online. The cable partners offering you Excite@Home services also have independent policies relating to the protections they employ to safeguard your information. These policies are provided to you by your cable operator when your cable service (or cable Internet service) is installed, and in the United States are sent by law to you annually thereafter, for as long as you remain a customer (practices will vary in other locations according to local law). These various policies are outside of Excite@Home's control and questions you may have regarding them should be made directly to your cable service.  
  
---  
  
**How the information is used**

Our services have been designed to enable Excite@Home to provide personalized content to those customers who wish to receive it. The majority of the services that are provided for free through the Excite@Home Network are the result of advertising revenues. Our ability to provide enhanced services and content to our customers is dependent on our ability to provide venues for our advertising partners that reach specific demographic segments of our customer base. Generally, advertisers have little interest in reaching a specific customer of our services - and as a matter of policy we provide no mechanism for an advertiser to reach you or any other specific customer unless you request that contact. Instead, our advertising partners have the need to reach customers who share common demographic characteristics such as a specific gender or age range. For instance, certain products are more often purchased by men then by women and therefore when advertising those products, in this example the advertiser would prefer to target their messages just to men. The better job Excite@Home does in providing a mechanism for advertisers to reach specific sub-segments of our users, the more revenue we can generate from advertising and that ultimately is what allows you the consumer to get to the wealth of free content that is available on Excite@Home's various services. Importantly, at no time is your Personally Identifiable Information used to determine what advertising you receive nor do we use it to determine what type of advertising any other customer of Excite@Home will receive.

Below is a description of the uses of the information that we collect and how our visitors and advertisers benefit from these action:

  1. We provide personalized content in the form of news, horoscopes, advertisements, weather reports, stock portfolios, movies, television listings, and more to our Members.
  2. We pay attention to what our customers do and do not use on our service and modify our content appropriately.
  3. We match the patterns of usage that our consumers exhibit on any Web site where we serve advertising - over 2,000 distinct Internet domains - to create "imputed profiles" about our anonymous customers. The creation of an imputed profile allows the Excite@Home Network to statistically model the demographic characteristics of an otherwise anonymous customer, without ever knowing that anonymous customer's name or any other Personally Identifiable Information about them. These imputed profiles are used to target advertising - primarily banners - to those anonymous customers, both on [Excite@Home Network domains](https://web.archive.org/web/20011209055058id_/http://www.excite.com/privacy_policy/domains.html) and any of the other Internet domains where we serve advertising.

Through the use of imputed profiles, Excite@Home can surface advertising to our customers that is more likely to be for products they would want, and sell that advertising in the marketplace for a higher price. This is essential to our ability to provide high quality content to our customers for free. Excite@Home never matches "Who you are" with "Where you've been" on the Internet because we do not use personal data characteristics such as your name, address or phone number to create these imputed profiles but rather use primary demographic characteristics such as your age or gender.

  4. From time to time, we may share non-personally identifiable information such as reported gender or zip code with third parties for the purposes of allowing them to create anonymous profiles. No personally identifiable information is used, and any party receiving data is contractually restricted to using the data only for the purposes of anonymous profiling.
  5. We provide advertisements that support our customers' specific requests for information through keyword searches and editorial content. Do a search on "cars," for instance, and you'll usually see a banner advertisement from an automobile company.
  6. We develop summary - but not individual - reports for our advertisers. An example of a summary report might be "12,000 people clicked on Advertisement 'X' today, and of those people, 35% had previously indicated they had an interest in sports." Our advertisers, who make it possible for you to use Excite@Home for free, need this information to determine how effective their advertising investments are. We never tell our advertisers who it was that saw or clicked on their advertisements, unless you have specifically told us it is acceptable to do so.
  7. If you enter a sweepstakes or a contest, we'll use the information you supplied to contact you. We'll probably also congratulate you!
  8. Through our DeliverE email service, we will send registrants of the Excite@Home Network outbound email communications on information we think they will find useful, including information about new products and services from selected partners. It is our policy to never send messages to Members who have asked us not to do so, either at initial registration or later through an unsubscribe process. In every email from any company or Web site of the Excite@Home Network, we will remind you of your option to change your preferences regarding receipt of future email communications. Please see the information about unsubscribing from Excite@Home outbound emailings shown below for more information.
  9. Finally, if we believe that Excite@Home property or an individual's safety or security is at risk, we will disclose this information to proper court or law enforcement agencies.

  
---  
  
If you are providing us Personally Identifiable Information, it will only be used within the [Excite@Home Network Internet domains](https://web.archive.org/web/20011209055058id_/http://www.excite.com/privacy_policy/domains.html) unless you choose to allow third party data sharing (by opting in for such distribution during the registration process). Should you choose to provide your information to third parties, Excite@Home will share aspects of your information with our valued partners. Some of these transactions will include financial payment to Excite@Home for the information provided but are only undertaken with companies whose privacy practices are consistent with the principles established within this policy and with whom Excite@Home believes that a product that truly benefits our customers can be promoted. All of our partners help contribute towards many of the free services available on the Excite@Home Network.

Although unlikely, Excite@Home may be required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information the appropriate governmental authorities. If requested by law enforcement or judicial authorities, we will provide this information upon receipt of the appropriate documentation.

Other companies that place advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising or content through the use of cookies (using the same techniques as described above). Due to the way the Internet technically operates, we cannot control this collection of information - but we can control which companies are allowed to place such advertising on our site. Excite@Home is leading the creation of industry standards of acceptable practice for what is known as "Third party ad serving," and once these standards are established will only accept advertising from third party firms that adhere to those rules of conduct. In the interim, as the consumer you should contact these advertisers or content providers that place information on the Excite@Home Network directly if you have any questions about their use of the information they potentially collect. It should be noted that anyone placing advertising on our Web sites can only collect Anonymous Information about you unless you actively provide Personally Identifiable Information to them.

Information that you provide while using products such as Excite Message Boards and Excite Chat is available for all to see. Discretion should be used in entering Personally Identifiable Information within such forums, as it may be collected by third parties, and this is, for instance, a leading source of unwanted email Spam. The Excite@Home Network does not actively associate the message content entered by our customers in Excite Mail, Excite Message Boards, or Excite Chat products with those customers' registration information. Our server computers will retain this information, however; and it is potentially available for distribution to third parties - most obviously law-enforcement agencies acting under subpoena power, per the terms of this section of our Privacy Policy. We do not use this information to target any advertising to our customers, nor is it ever willingly distributed to any third party, such as an advertiser, except if subpoenaed.

And finally, the Excite@Home Network does not control the information collection and distribution policies on Internet domains other than those [Excite@Home Network Internet domains](https://web.archive.org/web/20011209055058id_/http://www.excite.com/privacy_policy/domains.html) that are part of the Excite@Home Network itself. We do, however, encourage our co-branding partners to adopt privacy policies similar to this one and to become licensees of TRUSTe, and we have been relatively successful to date in gaining coverts: Look for the TRUSTe logo wherever you go on the Internet!

**What choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of the information**

The Excite@Home Network does offer you the ability to control the email communications we make to you. It is our intention to give you as much control over our relationship as possible.

First, as mentioned earlier, the consumer always has the final word on whether Excite@Home - or any Internet company - knows who you are. It is your choice to share Personally Identifiable Information with Excite@Home and we encourage you to consider only sharing information with any site on the Internet if you receive true value in exchange for that information transfer and if you respect the privacy practices of the firm.

If you do choose to share Personally Identifiable Information with Excite@Home, you can control whether we contact you or share the information with third parties, either through declarations you make at the time you share information with us, or through updates to your information in the [Excite@Home Member Services area](http://members.excite.com/private_profile/). Any time information is requested from you on an [Excite@Home Network Internet domain](https://web.archive.org/web/20011209055058id_/http://www.excite.com/privacy_policy/domains.html), you should see a TRUSTe logo that links to our Privacy Policy and a clear indication of what your information distribution choices are. Excite@Home will always give you a chance to unsubscribe to any email communication from us - clear directions for doing so will appear in any email message we send to you.

At times, the Excite@Home Network may enter into cobranding arrangements with other companies, and if so, an opt-in question may be present for contact from these firms as well. Their opt-out features are specific to each organization, but you should never receive email from these organizations unless you have indicated that it is acceptable. All email from the Excite@Home Network, or from cobrand partners who gain your permission to send you commercial email, will include an opportunity to opt out of future communications.

The Excite@Home Network does reserve the right to send a one-time registration confirmation email, and infrequent Service Alert messages to its customers to inform them of specific changes that may impact their ability to use a service they have previously signed up for, regardless of email contact opt-in status. An example of a Service Alert message would be notification of the impending closing of an account that is believed to be abandoned. Additionally, Excite@Home reserves the right to send its broadband cable service customers periodic postal mail and/or email regarding administrative topics, for example, changes in pricing or operating policies. And finally, we also reserve the right to contact you if compelled to do so as part of a legal proceeding or if there has been a violation of our [Terms of Service](http://www.excite.com/terms.html). Excite@Home is retaining these rights because in limited cases we feel that we may need the right to contact you as a matter of law or regarding matters which will be important to you. These rights do not allow us to contact you to market a new or existing service if you have asked us not to do so, and issuance of these types of communications are rare.   
  
---
