> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eligiblegreeks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101229113535id_/http%3A//www.eligiblegreeks.com/personals/privacy.cfm%3FsiteIDD%3D41) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# EligibleGreeks.com - Safe Online Dating Site for Greek Men and Women

|  World Singles, LLC ("World Singles") created this privacy policy to demonstrate its commitment to protecting your personal information and informing you on how it is handled. This privacy policy only applies to transactions and activities in which you engage, data gathered on the World Singles Websites (the “Site”) and email communications between World Singles members. It does not apply to any other Website or offline point of contact between World Singles, or any other company and consumers. Please review this privacy policy periodically as World Singles may modify it from time to time. Each time you visit the Site or provide World Singles with information, by doing so you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy at that time. 

**Your IP Address**

Like most e-commerce Websites, each time you visit the Site, World Singles automatically collects your IP address and the web page from which you came. In order to administer and optimize the Site for you and to diagnose problems and issues with World Singles’ Sites, World Singles may also use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you. 

**Session Cookies**

World Singles limits its use of cookies to session cookies which are required to identify users as they move from one page to another. 

**Information World Singles Collects From You**

To operate the Site and provide you with information about products or services that may be of interest to you, World Singles may collect the following information: 1) "personal information": information that could be used to contact you directly without using the Site, this may include, but is not limited to, full name, postal address, phone number or email address; 2) "financial information": this may include, but is not limited to, credit card numbers or passwords; or 3) "demographic information": information you submit on your member profile, or that World Singles collects that is neither personal information nor financial information. This may include, but is not limited to, zip code, postal code, hometown, gender, username, age/birth date, purchase history information, browsing history information, searching history information, registration history information, and the content of communications between you and other members over the Site, subject to the rest of this paragraph. 

Demographic information is divided into two categories: 1) "non-public information", which may include, but is not limited to, purchase history information, browsing history information, searching history information and one-on-one communications between you and other users of the Site; and 2) "public information", which consists of all other demographic information. World Singles asks you do not enter personal information or financial information into your “Profile”. For instance, do not use your address or password as your username, or include your name or address in your written profile because it may be posted publicly on the Site and the information will then be treated as "demographic information" that is "public information." Please note that nowhere on the Site does World Singles knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18, as World Singles requires all users represent to it they are at least 18 years old. 

**Information Other Websites Collect From You**

On the Site, World Singles may place links to other Websites operated by other parties. Some of these other Websites may contain World Singles brand names and trademarks and other intellectual property that World Singles owns and others do not. When you click on these links and visit these other Websites, regardless of whether or not they contain World Singles brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that World Singles does not control these other Websites or these other Websites’ business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to these other Websites. Consequently, the operators of these other Websites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than World Singles would if it were collected on the Site. World Singles encourages you to review their privacy policies and remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions. 

We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org 

**How World Singles Uses Personal Information**

World Singles uses your email address and your other personal information to help us efficiently operate the Site, to contact you in connection with your transactions and other activities on the Site, including, but not limited to, confirmation emails or important news that could affect your relationship with World Singles, and to forward messages to you from other World Singles users. These types of communications are known as World Singles Communications. In some cases, World Singles Communications may also contain commercial messages, such as banner ads and special offers. World Singles may also use personal information to send you newsletters, information, offers and other promotional materials for World Singles’ or third parties’ goods or services. World Singles may also attempt to send you offers that are of value to you, such as discounts, exclusive offers or special event information. 

To operate the Site, including processing your transactions and supporting your activities on the Site, World Singles may share your personal information with its agents, representatives, contractors and service providers so they can provide World Singles with support services such as authorization of credit card transactions, email origination, receipt or support services, customer relationship management services, order fulfillment and sweepstakes and promotional fulfillment. World Singles require these entities not to use your information for any other purpose. 

By purchasing, or registering or making reservations for products or services offered or sponsored by third parties on the Site, or electing to receive communications (such as emails or magazine subscriptions) or electing to participate in contests, sweepstakes or other programs (such as discount or rewards programs), offered or sponsored by third parties on the Site, you consent to our providing your personal information to those third parties. Those third parties may use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. You will need to contact those third parties to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them. Additionally, you agree that we may use and disclose all such information so submitted to such third parties in the same manner in which we are entitled to use and disclose any other information you submit to us. 

Any third party with whom we are allowed to share your personal information is authorized to use your personal information in accordance with our contractual arrangements with such third parties and in accordance with their own privacy policies, over which we have no control, and you agree that we are not responsible or liable for any of their actions or omissions. Those who contact you will need to be instructed directly by you regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them. 

Please read the information below under the heading "Special Cases in which World Singles Shares Personal and Financial Information" to learn more ways in which we may share your personal information. 

**How World Singles Uses Financial Information**

World Singles uses your financial information to check your qualifications, to bill you for products and services and to enable you to participate in discount, rebate and similar programs in which you may elect to participate. By making a purchase, or engaging in any other kind of activity or transaction that uses financial information, on the Site, you consent to World Singles providing your financial information to World Singles service providers and to such third parties as World Singles determines is necessary to support and process your activities and transactions, as well as to your credit card issuer for their purposes. These third parties may include the credit card companies and banking institutions used to process and support the transaction or activity. By purchasing, or registering or making reservations for, products or services of third parties offered on the Site, or by participating in programs offered on the Site that are administered by third parties and that require you to submit financial information in order to use them, you also consent to World Singles providing your financial information to those third parties. 

**Special Cases in which World Singles Shares Personal and Financial Information**

Your personal information or financial information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer and/or sale and/or assignment of ownership, in part or in its entirety, of assets or a bankruptcy. World Singles may also disclose personal information or financial information when it determines such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law, to cooperate with law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of World Singles or other visitors to the Site. World Singles also may disclose your personal information or financial information to its subsidiaries and parent companies and businesses, and other affiliated legal entities and businesses with who World Singles are under common corporate control. Whenever personal information or financial information is disclosed under this paragraph, World Singles may also disclose your demographic information along with it. All of World Singles’ parent, subsidiary and affiliated legal entities and businesses that receive your personal information, financial information or demographic information from World Singles will comply with the terms of this privacy policy with respect to their use and disclosure of such information. 

**Use of Public Information and Other Demographic Information**

World Singles may review all demographic information. It may use public information to enable other users to find your profile, to determine whether they are a match for you and to communicate with you. World Singles may use demographic information to tailor the Site and communications to your interests. World Singles may also share demographic information with advertisers. One of the reasons this is done is to increase the likelihood that advertisers’ goods and services will appeal to World Singles’ users so that World Single may target specific ads at specific demographic groups. When you respond to an advertisement remember that if that ad that is targeted to a demographic group and you decide to give the advertiser your personal information, then the advertiser may be able to identify you as being a member of that demographic group. Please also be aware that World Singles may disclose your demographic information as described above in the paragraph titled "Special Cases in which we Share Personal and Financial Information." 

**World Singles Security Precautions**

The Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. The World Singles secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. World Singles encrypts all of your personal and financial information as it travels over the Internet. Said information is stored with Verisign on their servers thus adding an additional layer of security. Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computer networks which may be located outside of the state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction in which you reside, and the country or jurisdiction in which these computer networks are located may not have privacy laws as protective as the laws in your country or jurisdiction. 

**Changing World Singles’ Privacy Policy for Previously Gathered Information**

If at any point World Singles decides to use particular personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, World Singles will notify users by way of an email or by providing 30 days notice on the Site. Please note World Singles will continue to have the right to change its privacy policy and practices, and how it uses your personally identifiable information, without notice, as described in the first paragraph of this Privacy Policy. 

**How You Can Access and Update Your Email Preferences, Personal Information and Public Information**

World Singles gives you the opportunity to: opt-out of certain communications; modify personal information or demographic information you have provided to World Singles; hide demographic information from, or make demographic information visible to the public users of the Site at anytime. Please be aware that it may take several hours for the changes you make to take effect on the public areas of the Site. Thank you for your patience. Please note that changing or deleting your information through the "My Profile" section of the Site, or otherwise opting-out of receipt of email communications from World singles, will only change or delete the data in the World Singles database for purposes of future activities on the Site and for managing future communications from World Singles. These changes and deletions will not change or delete emails or information that we may have already forwarded to other users or credit card companies or any other third parties, all as provided above in this privacy policy. 

**CONTACTING THE WEBSITE**  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with the EligibleGreeks.com website, you can contact: 

[info@worldsingles.com](mailto:info@worldsingles.com) or call us at +1 949-743-2535. 

| 
