> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the elitemate.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141121182753id_/http%3A//www.elitemate.com/htm/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# EliteMate.com's Privacy Policy, Online Dating, Picture Personals, Hottest Singles, Local Dating, Find Love, Friends, Pens Pals, Romance, Free Membership,

  |  **ELITEMATE'S PRIVACY POLICY**   


This privacy statement discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. We will notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new policy on this website and by e-mailing the new Privacy Policy to registered members. For this reason, we recommend that you review our Privacy Policy regularly so that you can stay informed of our practices. 

By using our services or submitting information that we use in providing our services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy and expressly agreeing to accept offers from us, our customers, and/or any third party to whom we sell, license, transfer and/or share your email address or other personal information. The 3rd parties to whom we sell, license, transfer, and/or share this information include individuals and companies engaged in the sales, marketing, advertising, and publishing industries for various products and services. 

The information we collect includes name, address, age, date of birth, e-mail address, telephone and cell number, hair color, eye color, number of children, height, weight, race, religion, occupation, education, the type of service you purchase, your payment history, and, if applicable, the status of your relationship with us as either a guest, paying member, model, and/or affiliate. Additionally, our site has areas in which you may post text, images, and video. Any information posted in these areas is routinely archived. You can "opt out" of providing this additional information by not entering it when asked, or if you have already provided your information, you can change it by logging into your member account.

We use the information that we collect to provide our services, to contact you regarding new offers, and for advertising purposes. We also use the information to contact customers to further discuss customer interest in our company, the services that we provide, and to send information regarding our company or partners, such as promotions and events. The information we collect is also sold, licensed, transferred, rebranded, updated, appended and/or shared with individuals and companies engaged in the sales, marketing, advertising, and publishing industries for various products and services in which you may be interested.

We use a third party intermediary to manage the credit card processing. This intermediary is solely a link in the distribution chain, and is not permitted to store, retain, or use the information provided, except for the sole purpose of credit card processing.

We also automatically collect certain information from visitors to, and customers of, the site, such as Internet addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring and exit page, operating system, timestamps, and clickstream data. Some of the information is collected through the use of cookies. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems, and to administer our site in order to constantly improve the quality of the services we provide. We also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and sell, license, transfer, and/or share such information with third parties, such as our affiliates and other interested businesses.

[ ](http://www.elitemate.com/myJsp/promo/memberjoin_77722.jsp)

If you send personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings, we will collect such information into a file specific to you. We use information in the file that we maintain for you, and other information that we obtain from your use of the services, to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and enforce our customer agreements.

We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability.

You have the right to opt-out of receiving communications from us and or our third-party partners by not submitting your information. When you submit personally identifiable information during registration or while visiting the Website, you have opted-in. By opting-in, you are requesting that we share your personal information with third parties. When you receive marketing communications or are otherwise contacted by any of these third parties or companies, you should directly notify them of how you would like them to use and share of your information directly with them.

By submitting your information you agree to receive a third party newsletter from EliteMate.com and EliteMate News as well as any other EliteMate.com LLC or third party offers that we may choose. There is no cost to receive this newsletter(s). Should you have any questions or concerns or if you would like to discontinue receiving mailings simply email us at [ aff@elitemate.com](mailto:aff@elitemate.com)

This site is owned and operated by EliteMate.com LLC, 105-10 62nd Road, Suite 1D, Forest Hills, NY 11375. 

We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content and advertising.  In addition to any fee of which you are notified, your provider's standard messaging rates apply to our confirmation and all subsequent SMS correspondence.  You may opt-out and remove your SMS information by sending "STOP", "END", "QUIT" to the SMS text message you have received.  If you remove your SMS information from our database it will no longer be used by us for secondary purposes, disclosed to third parties, or used by us or third parties to send promotional correspondence to you. 

[ ](http://www.elitefitnesssingles.com/) Detailed Wireless Policy

Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS service may include your name, address, cell phone number, your provider's name, and the date, time, and content of your messages.  In addition to any fee of which you are notified, your provider's standard messaging rates apply to our confirmation and all subsequent SMS correspondence.  All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider.  We will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages, as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator.  SMS message services are provided on an AS IS basis.

We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content and advertising.  We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve our technologies and services.  We may share aggregated and non personal information with third parties outside of the company. When we use third parties to assist us in processing your personal information, we require that they comply with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.  We may also share information with third parties in limited circumstances, including when complying with legal process, preventing fraud or imminent harm, and ensuring the security of our network and services. 

You may remove your information from our database. If you remove your information from our database it will no longer be used by us for secondary purposes, disclosed to third parties, or used by us or third parties to send promotional correspondence to you. You may remove your information by sending your request in writing via email to [billing@elitemate.com](mailto:%20billing@elitemate.com) or by sending  "STOP", "END", "QUIT" to the SMS text message you have received. 

In addition to the information collected by us and registration information submitted by you, we may employ both first-party and third-party cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing activity-based information about you, and it is designed to facilitate the receipt of targeted and relevant advertisements. The cookie is not associated with your personally identifiable information. 

By registering at EliteMate.com, you agree that this act constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of telemarketing laws, and notwithstanding that your telephone and/or cell phone number may be listed with the federal Do-Not-Call Registry you expressly opt-in to EliteMate.com (c) permit us, our Clients and other third parties to contact you pursuant to the business relationship we have established using the information you provided to us for any purpose such as contacting you by e-mail address, phone and/or cell number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message or any means of communication for any purpose that, among other things, your wireless device may be capable of receiving (e.g., mms, video etc.).."

SPECIAL OFFER SERVICE SUBSCRIPTION & EXPRESS CONSENT TO RECEIVE MESSAGES.

By accepting of the terms and conditions of this website (and any associated offers, contests, giveaways or other programs), and providing your telephone number, you are subscribing to EliteMate.com, EliteCashWire.com, & MindBody-Soul.com offers. EliteMate.com, EliteCashWire.com, & MindBody-Soul.com subscribers receive pre-recorded telephone messages regarding various special product offers and purchase incentives, and are also automatically entered into various contests and sweepstakes whenever they receive such calls. The service is free of charge. For more information regarding EliteMate.com, EliteCashWire.com, & MindBody-Soul.com and its associated sweepstakes and contests, including applicable rules, please visit 

[ http://www.elitemate.com/htm/help.htm](http://www.elitemate.com/htm/help.htm).

By subscribing, such act constitutes your express written consent to be contacted by EliteMate.com, EliteCashWire.com, & MindBody-Soul.com via prerecorded telephone message for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR 310 et seq.), and the Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act (15 USC 96), as amended from time to time. The calls you are agreeing to receive describe goods and services offered by third parties through the SOS, and any goods or services described in the call are not sold by or through EliteMate.com, EliteCashWire.com, & MindBody-Soul.com. 

You are subscribing to receive calls from EliteMate.com, EliteCashWire.com, & MindBody-Soul.com, and only at the specific number(s) you have provided to us. Your consent will be effective if the number you have provided is a home, business, or cell phone line, or if the number is registered on any state or federal Do-Not-Call (DNC) list as of the date of this consent. EliteMate.com, EliteCashWire.com, & MindBody-Soul.com reserves the right to refrain from calling any number registered on a DNC list in connection with any promotions. This consent shall remain in effect until you revoke your consent and cancel your subscription. 

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when users visit our site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, check out http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp 

Third Party Cookies

Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, we or a data provider we have engaged may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads or content.   These cookies contain no personally identifiable information.  The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your email address, that we may share with a data provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form. To opt-out of these cookies, please go to [http://www.aboutads.info/choices](http://www.aboutads.info/).

Use of cookies and other technologies to collect information. We use various technologies to collect information from your device and about your activities on our site or application.

Information collected automatically. We automatically collect information from your browser or device when you visit our website or application. This information could include your IP address, device ID, your browser type and language, access times, the content of any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us (see "Cookies" below), and the referring website address.  
Cookies and Use of Cookie Data. When you visit our website or application, we may assign your device one or more cookies, to facilitate access to our site and to personalize your online experience. Through the use of a cookie, we also may automatically collect information about your online activity on our site, such as the pages you visit, the time and date of your visits, the links you click, and the searches you conduct on our site. During your visits to other websites or applications where we advertise, we (or third parties) may use certain data collected on our site to show you EliteMate.com advertisements. Although you may not opt out of receiving online advertisements generally, you may control the collection of data on our site used for targeted EliteMate.com advertising during your visits to other websites. To opt-out of EliteMate.com data collection for targeted advertising on other sites, 

[ click here](http://www.elitemate.com/myJsp/optout_clean.jsp): Opt Out Now. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, please note that you may not be able to sign in or use some of the interactive features offered on EliteMate.com and it's other dating properties..  
Other Technologies. We may use standard Internet technology, such as web beacons and other similar technologies, to track your use of our site. We also may include web beacons in advertisements or email messages to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. The information we obtain in this manner enables us to customize the services we offer our website or application visitors to deliver targeted advertisements and to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, programming or other activities.  
Information collected by third-parties. We may allow service providers, EliteMate.com related companies, advertising companies and ad networks, and other third parties to display advertisements on our site. These companies may use tracking technologies, such as cookies, to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements.

How does EliteMate.com  handle Do Not Track requests?

EliteMate.com does not honor Do Not Track requests by its visitors or members on any browsers, web or mobile.

Opt Out Here  [ http://www.elitemate.com/myJsp/optout.jsp](http://www.elitemate.com/myJsp/optout.jsp "http://www.elitemate.com/myJsp/optout.jsp").  Please note that unsubscribing from this email list does not automatically unsubscribe you from any other email list on which you may be.  Please read the email carefully to find out which list from which you are unsubscribing.View EliteMate.com's  [ Terms And Conditions](http://www.elitemate.com/htm/terms.htm)   
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Please visit this page regularly because after we update our privacy policy its posted to our website as notification a change was made.

This privacy policy version was last updated January 31, 2013. 

|  
