> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the behealthydaily.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130326085436id_/http%3A//www.behealthydaily.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY

**PRIVACY POLICY**

**1.              _Our Commitment to Privacy_.**  This website (the “Site”) provides its users with information and access to OneScreen’s products and services, including educational and entertainment content for your personal use and enjoyment. This notice (the “Privacy Policy”) describes OneScreen’s privacy policy, and is designed to advise you about how we collect, use, and protect your personal information you provide when using the Site. OneScreen reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the updated Privacy Policy on the Site. By visiting this Site, you are accepting the practices described herein.

**2.              _What Information is Collected_.  **OneScreen collects the following personal information:

(a) _Personally-Identifiable Information_ : OneScreen collects any personally-identifiable information you enter on our Site, or that you give us in any other way that identifies you as a specific individual or entity, such as your name, email address, mailing address, phone number(s), and/or credit card number(s) (“PI Information”). OneScreen collects PI Information about you only if you voluntarily provide that information on the Site. 

PI Information is collected on the OneScreen Site in the following instances: (i) information requests, when a Site user submits an inquiry to OneScreen, and provides his/her name, address, email address, mailing address, and/or telephone number so that OneScreen is able to respond to the request; (ii) access to OneScreen’s client-only web-based user interface for any of the OneScreen Sites, where a user submits his/her username and password; (iii) feedback requests, when OneScreen may ask users to provide voluntary feedback to help OneScreen improve the Site and users provide optional name and contact information; and/or (iv) other offers.

(b) _Non-Personally-Identifiable Information_ : OneScreen may also collect non-personally identifiable information that does not reveal your specific identity (“Non-PI Information”). Non-PI Information includes optionally submitted demographic data about users, such as their age, gender, and city/state of residence. Non-PI Information also includes server log files that OneScreen maintains and stores regarding Site users; the information contained in these files includes information your browser automatically sends to the Site, such as information about your web request, your IP address, your browser type/language, and the date and time of your visit. Collection and recordation of such data is a standard practice among website operators. Non-PI Information also includes “Cookies”. Cookies are pieces of information that are transferred to your computer from a web server, that allows OneScreen to keep records of users’ ongoing access and use of the Site. This is a standard practice among website operators and can facilitate users’ ongoing access and use of the Site. Most browsers are set up to accept Cookies, but you can change your settings to have your browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or to refuse to accept Cookies. OneScreen may also, by and through its third-party advertising partners, place Cookies and/or similar technologies such as “web beacons” for the collection and use of data regarding advertising performance and to assess end users’ interests in such advertising. Cookies and/or other similar technologies used for this purpose will never be used to collect any of your PI Information.

(c) _Disclaimer_ : You may choose not to provide certain personal information, but you may not be able to take advantage of certain OneScreen services and features, including use of the Site, or certain areas of the Site where such information is required by OneScreen for user access. 

**3.              _How and When the Information is Used_.**  The information OneScreen collects is used for administering OneScreen’s business activities. OneScreen uses PI Information provided by users to respond to their inquiries and requests, keep accurate records concerning the services they request and use through the Site, and to provide users with Site-related services. Occasionally OneScreen may use voluntarily provided information of users to notify users about changes to the OneScreen Site, new services, or special offers. 

Non-PI Information is be used by OneScreen in its aggregated form to help OneScreen measure the Site’s performance and effectiveness, and to improve the Site and any services it provides through the Site. OneScreen and/or its third-party advertising partners may collect and use Non-PI Information through Cookies, web beacons, and/or similar technologies for the sole purposes of tracking the viewing of and usage of advertisements and delivering more relevant advertising to you pursuant to the requested services and features. By your use of the Site, you are consenting to the collection of such Non-PI Information by OneScreen and/or its third party advertising partners for the aforementioned purposes.

**4.              _How We Protect Your Information_.**  The privacy and protection of all of your information is important to OneScreen. OneScreen does not and will not make any of your PI information available to third parties without your permission. Your access to some services and content on the Site may be password-protected and may require a valid username. OneScreen advises that you do not disclose any of your passwords to anyone, and reminds you that you are required by OneScreen that you not disclose your password(s) or username(s) to any persons other than your employees or authorized agents. In addition, OneScreen advises you that you are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your username and password, and for the confidentiality of your password and username. You agree that you will sign out of any applicable password-protected services at the end of your session.

**5.              _Who Has Access to the Information_.**  Information about our users is important to OneScreen. OneScreen will not disclose any PI information to any third party without first receiving your permission, excluding any service providers that help OneScreen provide the services you may request on the Site. OneScreen may transfer any personal information of users of the Site to any of its assigns and successors in interest, or to any of its corporate subsidiaries or parent. OneScreen may be required by law to disclose personal information about users to comply with law, regulation, court order, or other legal process. OneScreen may, in its own reasonable discretion, disclose personal information about users if it determines it needs to share such information to protect or enforce OneScreen’s intellectual property or other proprietary rights or those of another user, to enforce the terms of the “Copyright Policy”, or to assist law enforcement in identifying individuals or users of the Site who have/are engaged in unlawful activities. Be advised that users may be required to submit certain PI information in notices and/or counter-notifications regarding allegations of copyright infringement pursuant to OneScreen’s Copyright Policy (the most recent copy of which may be found at  [http://www.onescreen.com/legal/copyright](http://www.onescreen.com/legal/copyright). Please note that the personal information so provided may be forwarded to the person who submitted the allegedly infringing content, or in the case of “counter-notifications”, the original claimant of copyright infringement. By submitting PI information to OneScreen pursuant to the Copyright Policy, you consent to having your information revealed in the manner described in the Copyright Policy.

**6.              _Methods We Use to Protect Your Information_.**  OneScreen uses security software to protect the confidentiality of your personal information. In addition, our business practices are reviewed periodically for compliance with policies and procedures governing the security and confidentiality of our information. Our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons. Please be advised however that no transmission of information is absolutely secure, and that OneScreen can only protect the confidentiality of personal information within its reasonable control. OneScreen assumes no responsibility or liability for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access, or other causes beyond OneScreen’s reasonable control.

**7.              _Third-Party Links_.  **OneScreen does not control the data collection policies of any third-party website that may be linked to OneScreen websites. By clicking on any such link, or any advertisement on this Site, you acknowledge and agree that the privacy policy of such website or advertisement provider will govern the collection of and use of any information provided to such website operators and advertisers, and that OneScreen will assume no responsibility or liability for the actions of such third-parties with respect to their use of your information or otherwise.

**8.             _Children_.**  This Site does not provide services or sell products to children under the age of 18; the Site is directed to, and intended for use by, adults only. OneScreen does not knowingly collect personal information from any children under the age of 13. Any inadvertently collected information from persons under the age of 13 shall be deleted from OneScreen’s records. 

**9.             _How You Can Access Your Information_.**  You can request access to all your personally identifiable information by sending a request to:

OneScreen Inc.

3200 El Camino Real

Suite 290

Irvine, CA 92602

Phone: (714) 363-5250

Fax: (714) 699-9032

Email: [info@onescreen.com](mailto:info@onescreen.com)

**10.           _Opt-Out From Data Collection_.**  By your use of the Site, you agree to the use of your information in the manner and purposes described above, including that OneScreen and/or its third-party advertising partners may collect your Non-PI Information for the purposes of tracking the viewing and usage of advertisements, and delivering more relevant advertising to you. Due to the nature of Non-PI Information, be aware that OneScreen may be unable to respond to any requests from an individual to delete any Non-PI Information. You may opt-out of the use of Cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by OneScreen and/or some of its third-party advertising partners for the purposes of delivering relevant advertising by visiting [http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/) (or any other URL as may be specified by OneScreen from time to time in this Privacy Policy) and follow the instructions listed there to opt-out of such data collection and usage by OneScreen’s third-party advertising partners belonging to the Network Advertising Initiative.

**11.           _Consent_.**  By using the Site, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to have your personal information used in any of the ways described in this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue your use of the OneScreen Site.

**12.          _Changes to Privacy Policy_.**  OneScreen reserves the right to revise our Privacy Policy at any time, in OneScreen’s sole discretion, and you agree to be bound by such revisions or modifications. If our Privacy Policy or procedures change, OneScreen will immediately post those changes to the Site. Any such changes will be effective seven (7) days upon OneScreen providing written notice to your administrative user via email and upon posting to the Site, unless otherwise stated in the change; however, it is your responsibility to review the modified Privacy Policy for any changes. You can view the most recent version of this Privacy Policy at any time at <http://www.onescreen.com/legal/sites-privacy>. 

**13.          _Effective Date_.**  This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 15, 2012.
