> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the uvouch.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-08-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110819011708id_/http%3A//www.uvouch.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Uvouch.com: Privacy Policy

Uvouch.com is firmly committed to the privacy of our visitors and members. This privacy policy covers how Uvouch.com treats personal information collected and received. 

Uvouch.com collects information submitted by users such as name, email address, and age to authenticate users and to send notifications to those users relating to the Uvouch.com service. Uvouch.com also collects other profile related information including but not limited to: personal interests, gender, age, state,country,favorites,education and occupation in order to assist users in finding and communicating with each other.

Uvouch.com logs non-personally-identifiable information including IP address, profile information, aggregate user data, and browser type, from users and visitors to the site. This data is used to manage the website, track usage and improve the website services. This non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to members. User IP addresses are recorded at all time for security and monitoring purposes.

User Profile information including photos and other details are displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction in the Uvouch.com social networking community. Email addresses are used for the purposes of inviting new friends to join Uvouch, to send favorite items to friends, to add users to friends' networks, and to send notifications related to the service. With the exception of inviting friends, adding friends, and notifications, a user's email address is not shared or displayed to people within a user's personal network Users within a personal network communicate on Uvouch.com with each other through the Uvouch.com service, without disclosing their email addresses. To facilitate searching and finding friends on the service, Uvouch.com allows users to search for other users using first and last name, email address, and schools and/or companies where users may have attended or worked.

We may also use a user's email address to send updates, a newsletter or news regarding the service. Users may choose not to receive email of this type by changing their "notification" settings in the user "Account Settings".

From time to time, Uvouch.com or a partner may sponsor a promotion, sweepstake or contest on Uvouch.com. Users may be asked to provide personal information including name, email address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate. We may transfer personal information to certain ad partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from. It will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply. 

Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement, Uvouch.com will not disclose personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary: (1) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by Uvouch.com, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to enforce the Uvouch.com Terms of Use Agreement or to protect our rights; or (3) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service. Uvouch.com reserves the right to transfer personal information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of Uvouch.com or substantially all of its assets to that successor in interest. For more information see the "Changes in this privacy policy" section below. 

Uvouch.com contains links to media and other websites that are not owned or controlled by us. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of such other sites. 

Advertisements appearing on Uvouch.com may be delivered by a third party. For information about these advertisers, please visit their websites through links provided at the advertisements on Uvouch.com. 

Like many websites, we use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your username and login password for future logins to the Site. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site, and to monitor aggregate usage by users and web traffic routing on the Site. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you disconnect from the Site and Service. Third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Service.

Uvouch.com member accounts are secured by member-created passwords Uvouch.com takes precautions to insure that member account information is kept private. We use reasonable measures to protect member information that is stored within our database, and we restrict access to member information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of member account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of member information at any time For any additional information about the security measures we use on Uvouch.com, please contact us a privacy@Uvouch.com 

We may update our Privacy Policy at anytime.  
If we update this Privacy Policy, we will post the updated Policy on our website www.Uvouch.com . Unless otherwise provided below, the revised terms will take effect when they are posted. If we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different than what was stated at the time of user registration, we will notify users via email. At that time, users can choose whether or not we may use their information in this different manner. 

At any time, you can change your Uvouch.com account information. You can delete your Uvouch.com account by emailing Customer Support at support@Uvouch.com. Your account will be deleted within 20 days. However, please note that some personal information may need to be maintained if it is required by law. 
