> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tado.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180207174306id_/https%3A//www.tado.com/us/privacy-policies) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policies | tado°

The protection of personal data is an important concern to us. We value your privacy and we collect, process and use personal data in accordance with the laws and regulations of the Federal Republic of Germany as well as superordinate European legal requirements.

By agreeing to the following privacy policy you hereby consent to the collection, processing and use of personal data by tado GmbH, Sapporobogen 6-8, 80637, Munich, Germany - hereinafter referred to as the Supplier - in compliance with the applicable legal requirements and the following provisions."

## Data controller

Data controller for the collection, processing and use of personal data within the meaning of the Federal Data Protection Act is

tado GmbH   
Sapporobogen 6-8   
80637 Munich   
Germany 

Fax: +49 89 416 15 66 49

Contact form available at [support.tado.com](https://support.tado.com/) "   


## Collection, processing and use of personal data

Personal data means any information concerning the personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable natural person. In essence, this includes any personal information that you communicate to us during registration or when placing an order. Non-personally identifiable information in this sense is information collected or processed for purely statistical purposes (e.g. about the usage behaviour on our websites), which cannot be traced back to a natural person.

To facilitate the delivery and use of the terminal equipment, the Supplier collects, processes and uses the name, address, email, and telephone number as well as the IP address associated with the terminal equipment (""personal data""). Furthermore, the Supplier stores usage and operational data generated by the terminal equipment of the Supplier (such as temperature data, presence and absence times, movement to and from the household, selected settings, devices used).

To make visiting our website attractive and to allow provide certain functions, we use cookies on our pages. You can configure your browser to be informed about the use of cookies and decide individually about their acceptance on a case by case basis or you can configure your browser to generally exclude cookies for certain cases. If you choose not to accept cookies, the functionality of our site may be reduced.

In principle, the Supplier collects, processes and uses the specified data only for the purpose of execution and settlement of the contract.

Personal data shall only be stored on servers within the EU. The Supplier currently uses Amazon Web Services LLC (the server is located in Ireland) and Host Europe GmbH (the server is located in Germany).

Personal data shall only be disclosed to the extent required for the execution of the contract (e.g. for delivery to the transport company or payment processing).

We will not pass on your data to third parties - for example, for marketing purposes - unless you have expressly agreed to its disclosure to third parties."

## Use of Data for Email Newsletter Sign Up

When you sign up to our newsletter, we use the data necessary for this purpose, or the data separately provided by you, to send you our email newsletter regularly. You can unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time and can be done either by a message to [support@tado.com](https://support@tado.com/) or via a link provided in the newsletter." 

## Use of Google Analytics

This website / this app uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (""Google""). Google Analytics uses ""Cookies"", text files that are stored on your computer / your smartphone and enable analysis of your use of the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website / this app are usually transferred to a server of Google in the US and stored there. In case of activation of IP anonymization on this website / this app, your IP address from Google will be truncated within Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the US and shortened there. On behalf of the operator of this site / this app Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website / the app, compiling reports on website / app activity and providing other website / app and internet related services to the website operator. The IP address transferred by your browser / the app to Google as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. You can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser software; However, we inform you that you may not be able to enjoy all features of this website / this app to their full extent. You can furthermore prevent the transfer of data generated by the cookie and related to your usage of the website (incl. your IP address) to Google and the processing of these data by Google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following [link](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en) " 

## Web analytics with intelliAd

This website uses theweb analytics service with bid management of intelliAd Media GmbH, Sendlinger Str. 7, 80331 Munich. For customizing and optimizing this website anonymized usage data is collected and stored and aggregated. In addition user profiles are created from these data using pseudonyms. When using the intelliAd tracking cookies are stored locally. According to §15 of the current version of the German Telemedia Act you as a website visitor have the right to refuse storing of your (anonymized collected) visitor data - also for the future. To do this use theintelliAd opt-outfunction."

## Use of Facebook Social Plugins

On our website we use so-called social plugins (""Plugins"") by the social network Facebook, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (""Facebook""). The plugins are marked with a Facebook logo or the phrase ""social plug-in of Facebook"" or ""Facebook Social Plugin"". An overview of the Facebook plugins and their appearance can be found [here](https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins)

When you visit a page of our website that contains a social plugin, your browser makes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is transferred from Facebook directly to your browser and integrated into the website. By this integration, Facebook receives the information that your browser has accessed the respective page of our website, even if you do not own a Facebook profile or are just not logged into Facebook. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted from your browser directly to a Facebook server in the US and stored there.

If you are you logged into Facebook, Facebook can assign your visit to our site to your Facebook profile immediately. If you interact with the plugins, for example, by pressing the ""Like"" button or leaving a comment you agree that this information is also transmitted directly to a Facebook server and stored there. The information will also be posted on your Facebook profile, and displayed to your Facebook friends.

For learning more about the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of your data by Facebook, and your rights in this respect as well as your options for protecting your privacy please refer to the privacy policies of [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/policy.php) If you do not want, that Facebook, the data collected on our website immediately assigns your Facebook profile, you need to log out before your visit to our website at Facebook. You can prevent complete for your browser to load the Facebook plug-ins with add-ons, such as with the ""Facebook Blocker"" ([webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/](https://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/) )."   


## Use of Twitter plugins (eg ""Tweet"" button)

On our website we use, so-called social plugins (""Plugins"") of the micro-blogging service Twitter, which is operated by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (""Twitter""). The plugins are marked with a Twitter logo for example in the form of a blue ""Twitter bird."" An overview of the Twitter plugins and their appearance can be found [here](https://twitter.com/about/resources/buttons)

When you visit a page of our website that contains such a social plugin, your browser makes a direct connection to the servers of Twitter. The content of the plugin is transferred from Twitter directly to your browser and integrated into the website. Because of this integration Twitter receives the information that your browser has accessed the relevant page of our website, even if you do not have a profile on Twitter or are just not logged into Twitter. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted from your browser directly to a server of Twitter in the US and stored there. If you are logged into Twitter, Twitter can connect your visit to our site to your Twitter account directly. If you interact with the plugins, for example by pressing the ""Tweet"" button, you agree that the corresponding information is also transmitted directly to a server of Twitter and stored there. The information will also be published on your Twitter account and may be presented to your contacts.

For learning more about the purpose and the scope of data collection and further processing and use of your data by Twitter and your rights in this respect and settings options for protecting your privacy please refer to the privacy policies of [Twitter](https://twitter.com/privacy) If you do not want that Twitter associates data collected on our website directly with your Twitter account, you need to log out of Twitter before your visit to our website. You can prevent loading of the Twitter plugins in your browser by using browser add ons, such as the script blocker ""NoScript"" ([noscript.net/](https://noscript.net/) )."   


## Right to information

Based on the provisions of the German Federal Data Protection Act you have the right to receive information about the personal data we store on you free of charge and at any time. Under the relevant statutory provisions you also have the right to demand rectification, deletion or blocking of the data concerned.

We will always endeavour to respond to any information request from you as soon as possible. In order to prevent personal data being passed on the wrong persons erroneously, we would like to ask you to include unique identification information (e.g. exact home address, date of birth) when you submit an information request to us (see Section ""Data controller"")."
