> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tadpolestore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150611135725id_/http%3A//www.tadpolestore.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Tadpole Store believes in giving its customers a delightful and enjoyable shopping experience with a commitment to protect their privacy at all times. We have accordingly designed our Privacy Policy to protect your personal information and keep it confidential. Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically. You agree that your use of the Site signifies your assent to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Site.

Privacy of its customers is important to Tadpole Store and thus it takes all reasonable endeavors to prevent unauthorized disclosure of customer information to third parties. Customer information includes any and all information received by Tadpole Store from its customers, whether such information is received by email, online forms, telephone, facsimile, mail or otherwise. Tadpole Store stores this information to enable it to fulfill orders or to improve the level of service to its Customers.

Tadpole Store also shares certain personal and/or financial information with its merchant account and banking vendors to process orders and payments and with common carriers to ship products to you. Unless required by law or by court order, Tadpole Store will not disclose, share or sell any customer information to any other third party without your prior authorization. Unless otherwise stated, this privacy policy does not apply to information posted by users to publicly accessible portions of our websites, including but not limited to, online forums, bulletin boards, etc. Throughout our websites there are forms that request information from you and/or allow you to purchase products and services. These forms typically ask for contact information (such as name, mailing address and email address), membership, login and password information and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date and verification code) required to process your order and ship products to you. The provision of such information by you is entirely voluntary. If you elect or opt in to receive information from us, we will ask for a valid email address and telephone number so we can inform you of other products or services available or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered. You may opt out of receiving future mailings from Tadpole Store by following the procedures detailed in the Choice/Opt Out section located below, on forms located on our website or in emails you receive from us. You may also request that we delete any personal information from our customer databases at any time by contacting Tadpole Store. In certain cases, Tadpole Store, may forward purchasing and shipping information to vendors who ship products or provide services directly to consumers. Such third party vendors and suppliers are not bound by this privacy policy.

Tadpole Store' web servers collect domain names and/or IP addresses of users to measure what pages and features are accessed by our visitors. Tadpole Store uses software to collect and analyze this information. This information helps us administer the site, improve content and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Tadpole Store links IP addresses to personally identifiable information submitted to Tadpole Store. This information is used to verify whether a visitor has opted in to receiving additional information from Tadpole Store. Tadpole Store may use cookies or similar files or scripts throughout its website to enhance your convenience in using our websites, to improve search functionality or to hold information that you would otherwise need to re-key. Cookies are text files collected by a user's web browser. If you do not wish to accept cookies from our website, you may configure your web browser so that it does not accept cookies; however, you may lose certain functions available on our website. The Tadpole Store website may contain links to other websites not affiliated with Tadpole Store, including websites of Tadpole Store' vendors and service providers. Tadpole Store is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites. By including links to other websites, we neither endorse such sites nor guarantee that the information they contain is accurate.

We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site to read the privacy statements of every linked website as the privacy policies of each may differ from ours. This privacy statement applies solely to websites owned or operated by Tadpole Store. Tadpole Store is under no obligation to monitor the conduct of its website users, but it may investigate and respond if violations are reported. Tadpole Store reserves the right to delete, remove or exclude any listing or information, in its sole discretion, that does not meet its intent and guidelines for the services offered on the website. In the future, Tadpole Store may offer new and different programs that necessitate a change in this Policy.

Tadpole Store reserves the right to change its privacy policy at any time without prior notice. Any changes to the privacy policy will be posted on this page and will be effective immediately upon posting. This Policy, and Tadpole Store' collection and use of customer information, shall be governed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the India. Any disputes arising out of this Policy shall be adjudicated in a court of competent jurisdiction of New Delhi, India. We are committed to preventing others from unauthorized access to the personal information you provide to us, and we maintain commercially reasonable procedures and technology designed for this purpose. This website has reasonable technical and organizational security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control. However, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those security measures. Although we cannot guarantee that our systems are 100% secure 100% of the time, we periodically update and test our technology in order to improve the protection of customer information. We suggest that you install anti-virus software on your computer and routinely check for viruses, spyware and other programs that may become installed on your computer without your permission. If you believe that you have received a virus from Tadpole Store, please contact us as soon as possible so that we may take remedial measures to remove the virus. Tadpole Store does not send emails to customers requesting billing, login or password information. If you receive an email purporting to be from Tadpole Store that asks you to provide personal or account information, or login and passwords, do not provide such information unless you have first verified that the website or email is from Tadpole Store. Such emails may be fraudulent and used in connection with scams known as phishing. Tadpole Store asks that you report any suspicious emails or websites to Tadpole Store.

  
You may request copies of or have Tadpole Store make changes or corrections to personal information in Tadpole Store' possession by contacting Tadpole Store at You may opt out of receiving further communications from us or others through any of the following methods:   
• Send an email to care@tadpolestore.com  
• Call +91 135 2650999
