> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bsafehome.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-05-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080509141715id_/http%3A//www.bsafehome.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**PRIVACY POLICY**  


* * *

Bsafe Online, Inc. (“Bsafe Online,” “We” or “Us”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of visitors to the websites operated by Bsafe Online and its affiliated companies, including without limitation www.bsafe.com, www.bsafehome.com and www.bsafeonline.com (the “Sites”). Bsafe Online has adopted the privacy policies outlined below, which serve as the basis for our use of Your personal information in our business and advertiser relationships. This Privacy Policy is intended to comply with privacy laws applicable to Bsafe Online, its affiliated companies and the operation of the Sites. This Privacy Policy, however, does not cover Bsafe Online‘s or its affiliated companies’ offline privacy practices. 

  * **INFORMATION COLLECTED.**  
We collect two types of information about users: "Personal Information" (such as name, email address, mailing address, phone, credit card or debit card, personal preferences and other account-related information) and "Aggregate Information" (such as information about how many users log on to the Sites on a daily basis). Personal Information is collected online when users voluntarily submit non-public personal information on the Sites by establishing a customer account, requesting information, purchasing our products or services, receiving electronic notices or other similar communications and other similar activities. Aggregate Information is non-personally identifiable/anonymous information about You, such as age, gender, pages most frequently accessed by You or search terms entered by You. Aggregate Information is used in a collective manner, and no single person can be identified by that compiled information (for example, the number of people who logged into the Sites in a particular day). Aggregate Information does not personally identify a specific user. Your Personal Information will be retained for fulfillment of the intended purposes for which such Personal Information is collected. We will establish minimum and maximum retention periods based upon the type of information collected (i.e. sensitivity), the intended purposes and as otherwise may be legally required. For example, Bsafe Online will purge Your customer data no more than two (2) years after Your deactivation of a service. 
  * **SECURITY:**  
Bsafe Online maintains commercially reasonable safeguards to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of the Personal Information provided by You. Such security safeguards are intended to be appropriate to the sensitivity of the Personal Information collected. To the extent Bsafe Online transfers any Personal Information to third-parties, Bsafe Online will use commercially reasonable efforts to assure that such third-parties to whom We may transfer any Personal Information have knowledge of our Privacy Policy and provide sufficient protection of such Personal Information. In particular, Bsafe Online requires that a secure session be established using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and Secure Electronic Transaction (SET) protocol when You submit Personal Information to Us through Your use of the Sites to establish an account, use the shopping cart, input credit card or debit card information for payment, and access certain product pages. 
  * **COOKIES:**  
The Sites may utilize a standard technology called a “cookie” to collect information about how the Site is used. A “cookie” is a small text file placed on your hard drive by our web page server. These cookies do not collect Personal Information, only Aggregate Information, and We do not combine Aggregate Information collected through cookies with other Personal Information to determine who You are or what Your e-mail address is. The Sites can access the Aggregate Information only from a cookie sent by the Sites. We cannot access other cookies sent by other web sites or the information contained therein. Additionally, We cannot learn Your email address through the use of a cookie. The only way We would learn such Personal Information is if You specifically submit that Personal Information to Us, for example, by purchasing a product through our Sites, by entering a sweepstakes or promotion, by requesting information, etc. We use cookies to track usage of the Sites and further customize Your experience when You are visiting the Sites. By tracking usage, We can best determine what features of the Site best serve the users. Without cookies, the Sites would "forget" items that may be stored, such as purchases or schedule searches, when You go to a different page. The session information used by the Sites is deleted when Your browser is closed. We may use cookies to track banner advertisement usage. We do provide third parties with Aggregate Information about our users, such as “2,000 people viewed Your ad today,” as more fully set forth below. On those pages of the Sites not requiring Your registration, You may decline to accept cookies sent by the Sites by selecting an option on Your browser to reject cookies. However, some portions of the Sites may require registration in order to access those areas. In such case, We ask that You register and provide Us with basic information on our registration page. Cookies enable our server to know that You are a registered user; therefore, our registration system requires that You accept the cookies from the Sites. Other sites linked to the Site also may send cookies; however We do not control such activities. 
  * **USE OF INFORMATION:**  
Your privacy is important to us. We will use the Personal Information provided by You in accordance with good commercial practice and applicable law. If you provide Us with Your E-mail address, or have done so in the past, We may upon occasion send You e-mail offers. We may use information provided by You, for example, to provide a service, to ensure proper billing, to measure consumer interest in our various services and to inform You about various products and services offered on the Sites (including both our own products and the products of others). These offers may be based on information provided by You in Your initial transaction with Us, in surveys, from information that may indicate purchasing preferences and lifestyles, as well as information available from external sources such as census bureau data. These e-mail offers will come exclusively from Bsafe Online or its affiliated companies. All offers are carefully developed to ensure that they meet our standards. Our goal is to target offers to Site user who We believe will find them of value. The lists used to send You product and service offers are developed and managed under conditions designed to safeguard the security and privacy of Your Personal Information. By providing information using the Sites, You warrant to Bsafe Online that Your Personal Information is reliable for its intended uses, accurate, complete and correct, and that you will promptly notify use if such Personal Information is no longer current or correct. 
  * **NO DISTRIBUTION.**  
As a general policy, Bsafe Online does not share, sell or trade Personal information with third parties without permission from the user; however, We may provide Your Personal Information to third parties directly involved in the operation, performance, support and/or maintenance of the Sites and each product or service offered on the Sites, including our web site designers, hosts, service providers, technical consultants and business partners. Any Personal Information, however, will be used by such organizations only to perform their functions and/or to provide services in support of the Sites or as otherwise approved by You and for no other purpose. We reserve the right to assign or transfer Your Personal Information to any successor in interest to our business associated with the Sites by merger, reorganization, sale of assets or operation of law. Aggregate information may at times be shared with Bsafe Online business partners and other third parties. We also may divulge Personal Information if such information is required for us to comply with any valid legal process, such as a subpoena, search warrant, statute or court order, or if we reasonably believe that You have commit unlawful acts or acts that may endanger the health or safety of another user or of the general public. 
  * **OPT-OUT/OPT-IN:**  
Bsafe Online provides customers with an easy means to decline receiving e-mail offers. Although most customers tell Us that they appreciate receiving notice of these opportunities, We recognize the importance of providing You with the choice to “opt-out”. If You do not want Bsafe Online to send You any e-mail or postal mail about our products and services, You can opt out at the time by contacting our Privacy Officer at the Contact Address. Also, all e-mail offers sent by Bsafe Online will inform You as to how You can “opt-out” or decline receiving further e-mail offers. If, at a later date, You choose to have Your name removed from our database, You can do so by contacting our Privacy Officer at the Contact Address. However, with respect to any Personal Information that is sensitive in nature, we will require You to “opt-in” to having such Personal Information used or shared by Bsafe Online. 
  * **CORRECTIONS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED ONLINE.**  
Additionally, You may request to view the Personal Information collected about You through Your use of the Sites by accessing Your account or sending an e-mail to our Privacy Officer at the Contact Address. If You send Your request by email, we will send such Personal Information (or a summary thereof) for review to the email address on file for the account name in our database only. If at any time You wish to change, correct or update Your Personal Information, or have it removed from our database, You may do so by accessing Your account. You also may submit a change request to our Privacy Officer by sending an email to the Contact Address. 
  * **ACCOUNTABILITY/CHALLENGING COMPLIANCE.**  
We have designated our Privacy Officer, who can be contacted at the following address (“Contact Address”): By Mail: Privacy Officer, Bsafe Online, Inc., P.O. Box 1149 Fort Walton Beach, Florida 32548-11492; By Email: privacyofficer@bsafeonline.com. Our Privacy Officer is accountable for Bsafe Online’s compliance with this Privacy Policy. If You have any challenge concerning our compliance with this Privacy Policy or if You have any questions about Bsafe Online’s purposes for the collection and retention of your Personal Information, then please contact our Privacy Officer at the Contact Address and provide a description of your concerns sufficient in detail to permit the Privacy Officer to investigate your concerns and contact you. It is our intent to make available to You through Privacy Officer specific information about this Privacy Policy and our management of Your Personal Information as may be required by applicable law. 
  * **CHILDREN:**  
Bsafe Online does not knowingly solicit data from children or knowingly market to children. Bsafe Online is concerned about the safety of children and their use of the Internet. Therefore, in accordance with the U.S. Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, We do not knowingly request or solicit personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without prior verifiable parental consent. In the event that We receive actual knowledge that We have collected such Personal Information without the requisite and verifiable parental consent, We will delete that information from our database as quickly as is reasonably practical. 
  * **LINKED INTERNET SITES:**  
You should be aware that other Internet sites to which You hyperlink from the Sites may contain privacy statements that differ from our Privacy Policy. Bsafe Online encourages You to read and understand such privacy policies and terms of use of any linked sites accessed by You. If You decide to access such linked sites and/or provide any personal information to such linked sites, You do so entirely at Your own risk. Bsafe Online is not responsible for such provisions, and expressly disclaims any and all liability related to such provisions. 
  * **MISCELLANEOUS TERMS:**  
No transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of Bsafe Online to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. If You choose to visit the Sites, Your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to limitations of damages and application of the law of the State of Texas. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NEGLIGENCE, SHALL BSAFE ONLINE OR ITS AFFILIATES, CONTRACTORS AND CONSULTANTS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM THE USE OF THE INFORMATION OR MATERIALS ON THE SITES, EVEN IF BSAFE ONLINE HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES AND EVEN IF THE EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES PROVIDED UNDER THIS PRIVACY POLICY FAIL OF THEIR ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. 
  * **EFFECTIVE DATE AND CHANGES:**  
This Privacy Policy is effective as of January 2001. This Privacy Policy was last modified on March 10, 2006. This Privacy Policy has been adopted with the recognition that Internet technologies are rapidly evolving, and that underlying business models are still not established. Accordingly, these policies are subject to change at any time and Bsafe Online expressly reserves the right to modify the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time and in our reasonable discretion, by posting a change notice to the home page of the Sites. Your continued use of the Sites following our posting of a change notice will constitute binding acceptance of this Privacy Policy and all changes thereto. 


