> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the directorio-digital.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171211052337id_/http%3A//www.directorio-digital.com/blog/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - 2017 Best Antivirus Internet Security Software Program with High Detection Rate

This website takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it. See this privacy policy primer to learn more about privacy policies in general.

Routine Information Collection

All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.

Cookies and Web Beacons

Where necessary, our website uses cookies to store information about a visitor's preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.

Advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to our site in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies.

Controlling Your Privacy

Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms. This list of web browser privacy management links may also be useful.

Contact Information

Concerns or questions about this privacy policy can be directed via our email form found on this page[' ); document.write( addy41138 ); document.write( '<\/a>' ); //--> .">.](mailto:%20%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20var%20prefix%20=%20'mailto:';%20var%20suffix%20=%20'';%20var%20attribs%20=%20'';%20var%20path%20=%20'hr'%20+%20'ef'%20+%20'=';%20var%20addy41138%20=%20'info'%20+%20'@';%20addy41138%20=%20addy41138%20+%20'planetfreeiq'%20+%20'.'%20+%20'com';%20document.write\(%20'%3Ca%20ondragstart=)

This privacy policy was generated by the Privacy Policy for WordPress plugin.

We understand your concern about how information about you is used and shared. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to let you know about our policy regarding information that is collected on our website located at [www.viglink.com](https://www.viglink.com/) (the "Site") and through your use of our software (the "Software") and services (the "Services").

Last updated: January 7, 2010

#### Information That You Give Us That is Covered by the Privacy Policy

##### Personal Data

We collect personally identifiable data, such as your name, address, telephone number and email address when you voluntarily choose to register for use of the Software or Service and when you contact us with comments or inquiries. If you are publisher of a website and are registering to use the Software and Service, we may also collect your bank account and/or credit card information that you may provide to us upon request.

##### Passively Collected Information

When you interact with us through the Site, we receive and store certain additional personally non-identifiable information. Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. Examples include IP addresses, browser types, domain names, and other anonymous statistical data involving your use of the Site, the Software and/or the Services.

#### Cookies

In operating the Site, we may use a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts the Site gives to your computer when you access the Site. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Site and help us analyze Site usage more accurately.

In addition, we may install the Software on third party websites. In doing so, the Software will place a cookie on the computers of users of those third party websites and will collect personally non-identifiable information about your browser and your activity at such websites.

On most web browsers, you will find a "help" section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. Acceptance of cookies is not a requirement to browse the Site; however certain areas and features of the Site, require your acceptance of cookies to work properly. If you choose to use cookies, we may collect personally identifiable information without your prior permission.

VigLink and third-party vendors, including Google, may use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads on sites across the Internet based on someone's past visits to the VigLink website. These ads, often referred to as "remarketing," may be personalized using information inferred from their behavior when visiting VigLink's website. For example, if a visitor views their VigLink dashboard, then we may later show them ads promoting recent updates to our products or services that would be relevant to existing customers. The intention behind our use of remarketing is to provide VigLink the opportunity to show more relevant ads and not to obtain personally identifiable information. Users can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers and opt out of customized Google Display Network ads by visiting [Google's Ads Preferences Manager](http://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/?sig=ACi0TCiRDcnrXrdffABE6Nifr9QppTwHkj_NTB8gd0FaMd9YV_wg5YIp3OvYIp-y-pdTWNhIhLjQXh6TyIek2jcL233J8XokduMKuR1N-zHOJP2Ls6zIAM_wKkwTu-xTmML-Aucg-KSrCOB6oLAL11n-sPX9rEefGBMsmC7iVBTJsDKZmWkr3jnzCeVGR-wzwiV8cGO96yfR&hl=en%3E).

Users may also wish to install the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

#### Use of Personally Identifiable Information

We use your personally identifiable information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide personally identifiable data for a certain reason, we may use such information in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, we will use the personally identifiable information provided by users of the Software in order to make payment of eligible commissions. We also use personally identifiable information and personally non-identifiable information collected through the Site and use of the Software and Services to help us improve the Site, Software and Services, and to better understand our users. If we intend on using any personally identifiable information in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the personally identifiable information is collected.

#### Use of Personally Non-Identifiable Data

We may use personally non-identifiable information and pool it with other information to track, for example, the total number of visitors to the Site and users of the Software and Service, the number of visitors to each page of the Site, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. No personally identifiable information is available or used in this process.

#### Sharing Information

We are not in the business of selling personally identifiable information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share personally identifiable information with certain third parties without notice to you including those set forth below:

##### Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties

We, like many businesses, sometimes hire other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples include mailing information, maintaining databases, hosting services, and processing payments. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function. We require such third parties to maintain the confidentiality of such information and use such information only as necessary to provide us with designated services.

##### Legal Requirements

We may disclose personally identifiable information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with a legal obligation, (b) protect and defend our rights or property (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the public, or (d) protect against legal liability.

##### Business Transfers

As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personally identifiable information may be part of the transferred assets.

##### Informal Notices and Bulletins

Periodically, we may choose to send news, bulletins, educational materials, marketing materials, or other information to you, and will use personally identifiable information to send such communications.

#### Your Choices

You can always choose not to provide personally identifiable information to us. However, doing so may prevent you from obtaining certain information or using certain areas of the Site, the Software and the Services.

#### Children

We do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not give us any personally identifiable information. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide personally identifiable information on the Internet without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personally identifiable information to us, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.

#### Links to Other Web Sites

This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through the Site, the Software and the Service. It does not apply to information collected by third party sites or products or services that may be accessible through the Site, the Software of the Services. We suggest that you contact those third parties directly for information on their privacy, security, data collection and distribution policies.

#### Security

We take commercially reasonable steps designed to protect personally identifiable information and to protect such information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any personally identifiable information to us or to any other party via the Internet.

#### Other Terms and Conditions

We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time. When we post changes to this Privacy Policy, we will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy. If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you of any such modifications by posting a message on the Site. We encourage you to periodically review this Agreement to be informed of our privacy policies. Your continued use of the Site, the Software or the Services after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.

#### Access to Information

To keep your personally identifiable information accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will exercise commercially reasonable efforts to update or correct personally identifiable information in our possession that you have previously submitted to us.

#### How to Contact Us

Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our information practices with respect to personally identifiable information. You may contact us as follows:

[privacy@viglink.com](mailto:privacy@viglink.com)

VigLink 427 N Tatnall St #35730 Wilmington, DE 19801-2230 
