> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the directline-holidays.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140406225102id_/http%3A//www.directline-holidays.co.uk/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Data Protection | Privacy Policy | Marketing Statement

**Privacy Policy**

We treat your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy will explain how we collect and use your personal data and gives you the opportunity to limit our use of this information.

We use the personal information that we collect to identify your personal preferences and match your needs with relevant products and services, and assist in processing any bookings that you make through this site. The collection of this information allows us to deal with your booking or enquiry as smoothly and quickly as possible.

Furthermore, as required by the UK Data Protection Acts of 1984 and 1998, we follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of information which you have given us, to prevent unauthorised access. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we are able to disclose sensitive information to you. Whilst we have taken all reasonable steps to ensure that the information you provide will be kept secure from unauthorised access, the internet is not a secure environment. We can not guarantee that the information will be secure during transmission to our web server. It is your responsibility to keep your passwords confidential and use the security devices offered. Our security measures depend on you complying with this obligation and we are not responsible for any breach of your privacy due to your failure either to keep your passwords secret or to use the other security devices correctly. Nor are we responsible for breaches of security arising out of intentional and/or unauthorised attempts to access the site, for example, by computer hackers. We use tracking software to monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the site to better meet the needs of visitors to [www.directline-holidays.co.uk](http://www.directline-holidays.co.uk/) This software does not enable us to capture any personally identifying information.

Directline Holidays, a trading name of Broadway Travel, does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. We never disclose information about a passenger to any other person or organisation without your consent unless there is an emergency situation that requires it or we are legally required to do so.

**Collecting Data**  
Our Call Centre is designed to help with any misgivings you may have. We want to ensure that you are confident and feel safe when buying a holiday from us. We can collect data on you from a variety of different sources. When you purchase products or services from the site or over the telephone; When you speak to our customer services personnel; Via explicit data capture measures, for example by entering competitions and completing surveys; Via implicit data capture measures such as studying which pages you read the most and the use of cookies. In any of the above cases the data we collect could be personal data. We ask you where you heard about Directline Holidays and we use this information to analyse the effectiveness of the various publicity campaigns.

**Consent**  
You signify your consent to us collecting and using this information by your use of this website. If we change our Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted here, so that you are always kept informed of how we collect and use the information, and when we would disclose it. Your continued use of this website constitutes your agreement to the changed policy. Your data controller is: Broadway Travel Service (Wimbledon) Ltd. You are entitled to a copy of your information held by us. If you would like to see this please ask us. We may make a small charge for providing this to you.

**Ensuring Your Privacy**  
To process your booking we will have to disclose your personal data to third parties. This includes (i) providing your booking details to tour operators, carriers, hotels and other service providers so that they can provide you with the services you require and for their administration and (ii) passing on your credit/debit card details to our agent(s) in order to process your payment. We may use your information and may also make the information you have supplied to us available to selected companies for the purpose of contacting you about products or services that may be of interest to you. In the unlikely event of a third party purchasing all or part of our assets, or in the unlikely event of us being declared insolvent or ceasing to trade, your data would be a business asset and would be shared with any such purchaser or successor to the business

**Links to Other Sites and Promotional messages from 3rd Parties**  
For your convenience, we have included links to other websites on the Site which you may find useful. Any linked websites are operated by third parties and are not within our control. We cannot determine how such third parties may use the data you supply to them and such websites are therefore not covered by this privacy policy, neither are any of these links covered by ABTA protection. Furthermore, Broadway Travel makes no representation or warranty with respect to the content of any email messages sent by third parties or any goods or services, which may be obtained from such third parties, and you agree that Broadway Travel shall have no liability with respect thereto.

**Withdrawing your consent**  
If you would rather we do not use your personal data for the purposes stated above or for any form of promotional contact, please indicate by emailing us at: [info@directline-holidays.co.uk](mailto:info@directline-holidays.co.uk)
