> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the subscribenet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20031207125942id_/http%3A//www.subscribenet.com/company/legal/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Intraware: Electronic Software Delivery and Management (ESDM)

  
|    
|  | 

Intraware, Inc. Privacy Statement

Intraware, Inc. ("Intraware") recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of the information provided by users of the Intraware website. Out of respect for our users' right to privacy, and to better guide our relationships with our users, we have created the following policy guidelines.

Intraware, Inc. is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent non-profit organization whose mission is to enable individuals and organizations to establish trusting relationships based on respect for personal identity and information by promoting the use of fair information practices. This privacy statement covers:

  * "SubscribeNet Sites," which are software download Web sites that we create and host for our customers and that are located on servers in the control of Intraware. SubscribeNet Sites include software download websites whose URL contains the term "subscribenet," as well as the SunOne download website located at [www.intraware.com](https://web.archive.org/). 
  * The "Intraware Corporate Website," which is the website at [www.intraware.com](https://web.archive.org/) (excluding the SunOne download website). 



If you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy statement, please contact Intraware customer support:  
  
---  
Phone: 1-888-715-4687 or 1-925-253-6565  
Email: [support@intraware.com ](mailto:support@intraware.com)  
Postal Address: 25 Orinda Way  
                        Orinda, CA 94563  | [](https://www.truste.org/ivalidate.php?url=www.intraware.com)  
  
If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry within two business days or your inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed, contract TRUSTe through the [TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process](http://www.truste.org/users/watchdog.html). TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with Intraware to resolve user concerns. Intraware abides by the EU Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union. **SubscribeNet Sites**  
Intraware collects user information through the SubscribeNet Sites. The information collected on these sites includes user name, title, email address, state/province and country in which the user is located among other items that may vary from site to site. Users can amend this information through the web site on most SubscribeNet sites, or if that feature is not available, by sending an email to [support@intraware.com](mailto:support@intraware.com). We collect this information on behalf of the software publisher for whom we host the respective SubscribeNet Site, and provide this information to the software publisher. The use and transfer of this information by the software publisher is subject to those software publishers' privacy policies. Intraware will not use such i nformation for any purpose other than enabling users to download, track and manage their licensed software and to ensure that all use of the SubscribeNet Site complies with the laws and regulations of the United States and other countries. Intraware may also receive information regarding SubscribeNet Site users from its software publisher customers, including product entitlement information, shipping and billing addresses. Intraware will not use such information for any purpose other than enabling users to download, track and manage their licensed software and to ensure that all use of the SubscribeNet Site complies with the laws and regulations of the United States and other countries. SubscribeNet Site users can change the addresses to which software publishers send them shipments and invoices by notifying the software publishers. If a SubscribeNet Site user believes the site inaccurately reflects the software the user is entitled to download, the user may contact the software publisher. Intraware is unable to change software entitlement information provided to it by its software publisher customers. Intraware will notify users of the availability of new software entitlements via email notifications. Users may opt not to receive such emails by following instructions contained therein, however, these alerts are a key feature of the service and we advise strongly against removal from the email lists. I **ntraware Corporate Website**  
We request that users of the Intraware Corporate Website provide certain information in order to access certain areas of that website. Information Intraware collects on the Intraware Corporate Website includes: Name, Title, State or Province, Country, email address and telephone number as well as information regarding user technology needs and preferences. No third parties collect this information on Intraware's behalf. Intraware will use this information to contact users about Intraware products and services or products and services of our partners, and may use this information to send users promotional material including invitations to webinars, notices regarding product sales and the like. In addition, an Intraware salesperson may call users to market its products and services. Users of the Intraware Corporate Website who do not wish to be notified in this manner may opt out by following the instructions at the point where personally identifiable user information is collected, or by following the instructions contained in any promotional email received from Intraware. Intraware provides sales support and electronic software delivery services on behalf of Software Spectrum Corporation, in support of its license to resell Sun™One software products. A webpage co-branded with these third parties appears on the Intraware Corporate Website. Information collected on this co-branded page is shared with such third parties, and use of the information is governed by Intraware's and such third parties' privacy policies. Except for sharing such information with those third parties, Intraware promises not to rent, sell, or give to any third party any user name, email address, mail address, or phone number collected through the Intraware Corporate Website without that user's specific permission or request. Users can change information about them maintained by Intraware by notifying support@intraware.com. If no satisfactory response is received within 3 business days, the user may notify TRUSTe as indicated at the beginning of this privacy policy. **Log Files**  
Like most websites, the SubscribeNet Sites and Intraware Corporate Website use log files. These files include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track users' movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are tied to personally identifiable information to enable our Web-based service. **Cookies**  
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. Use of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. We use cookies only to remember a user's password. By setting a cookie on our site, users can avoid having to l og in a password more than once, thereby saving time. Even if the user chooses to reject the cookie the cookie will still store the user's password. We will not use the password for any purpose other than providing the user with access to the site. **Newsletter**  
Intraware sends email newsletters to subscribers of our NetInsights email newsletter. Upon request, Intraware will permit email users to "opt-out" of any further email newsletters. Intraware makes opt-out information readily available in all such email newsletters. We do not provide to third parties the email addresses or other contact information that we maintain for recipients of our email newsletters unless they are acting on Intraware's behalf under a confidentiality agreement. **Security**  
Intraware is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information that we collect on computer systems with limited access, that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. **Disclaimer**  
Although we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on a SubscribeNet Site or our Intraware Corporate Website. **Notification of Changes**  
If we decide to make a material change to our privacy policies, we will post those changes to this privacy statement on the Intraware Corporate Website, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify users by posting a notice on the Intraware Corporate Website for 30 days. **Links**  
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we, Intraware, Inc., are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected through the SubscribeNet Sites and the Intraware Corporate Website. 
