> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ratemybody.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231222323id_/http%3A//www.ratemybody.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - RateMyBody

Privacy Policy Statement This is the web site of MG Technologies Inc. We can be reached via e-mail at admin@ratemybody.com 

This Policy is effective on 05/10/2005 For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Web site and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web site. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads, customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by visiting us at http://www.ratemybody.com/email_unsubscribe.aspx. With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of: google.com From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to no information that we have collected and that we maintain about them. Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by visiting us at http://www.ratemybody.com/loggedin/edit_account.aspx. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses.
