> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rating-widget.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141217114828id_/http%3A//rating-widget.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | RatingWidget

Welcome to Rating-Widget.com! We operate the Rating-Widget ratings service and platform (collectively, the “Service”), which makes gathering users' feedback on the web easy. We provide this privacy policy to let you know about how we gather and use personal information and user data collected by us in connection with use of the Service. We will take reasonable steps to protect user privacy consistent with the guidelines set forth in this policy and with applicable U.S. laws. In this policy, “user” or “you” means any individual or enterprise using the Service, whether as the enterprise customer purchasing the Service or an authorized user of the Service.

By using Rating-Widget, you agree to:

**BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SERVICE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT USE THE SERVICE.**

  * ### What Information Do We Collect?

    * **Limited personal information:** We collect the following personal information in connection with the Service: (a) when you register to use the Service on behalf of an Website (the “Licensee”) we will collect the business information for the Licensee Website, such as name and address, and contact details, such as name, email address, physical address and telephone, for a contact person of the Website; (b) if you communicate with us by email, we will collect your email address. All of this information is referred to in this Policy as “Personal Information”.

    * **Rating & Votes Information:** The Service is a voting application, designed for use by Website's administrators, a control which enables rating elements of content in your site by your Website Visitors (the “Visitors”). In order to provide information to Users and their Visitors, the Service relies on votes data supplied to Rating-Widget by Visitors of the Licensee and on data generated by use of the Service by all Visitors, including all votes sent to Rating-Widget by the Visitors (collectively, all of this data is referred to in this Policy as the “Voting Data”).

    * **Web Tracking Information:** We, and our third party service providers, may use web tracking technologies such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags and clear GIFs in order to operate the Service efficiently and to collect data related to usage of the Service. Such collected data (“Web Tracking Information”) may include the address of the websites your Web visitors visited before and after they visited pages with the Service, the type of browser they are using, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, what pages in the Service you visit and what links you clicked on, and whether you opened email communications we send to you. In order to collect Web Tracking Information and to make your visitors use of the Service more efficient, we may store cookies on their computer. We may also use web tracking technologies that are placed in web pages on the Service or in email communications to collect information about actions that users take when they interact with the Service or such email communications, and Rating-Widget’s Contractors (as hereinafter defined) may also do so. We do not correlate Web Tracking Information to individual user Personal Information. Some Web Tracking Information may include data, such as IP address data, that is unique to your Visitors. You and your Visitors may be able to modify their browser settings to alter which web tracking technologies are permitted when they visit pages with the Service, but this may affect the performance of the Service.

  * ### How Do We Use the Information We Collect?

    * **Personal information:** We will use and store Personal Information for the purpose of keeping you updated, by contacting with you via the email. We may also use Personal Information for the internal operational and administrative purposes of the Service.

    * **Rating & Votes Information:** We dynamically create statistical, aggregated voting data webpage reports to our Users and their Visitors. This reports webpages are publicly accessible to everyone. You can find example of a report [here](https://web.archive.org/my-rating-report/star/yellow/rating-1-5/).

    * **Web Tracking Information:** We will also create statistical, aggregated data relating to our users and the Service for analytical purposes. Aggregated data is derived from Personal Information and User Data but in its aggregated form it does not duplicate or reveal any User Data or relate to or identify any individual. This data is used to understand our customer base and to develop, improve and market our services.

    * **Aggregate Information:** We use Web Tracking Information to administer the Service and to understand how well our Service is working, to store your user preferences, and to develop statistical information on usage of the Services. This allows us to determine which features visitors like best to help us improve our Service, to personalize your user experience, and to measure overall effectiveness.

  * ### General

    * **Security:** We use reasonable security precautions to protect the security and integrity of your Personal Information in accordance with this policy and applicable law. However, no Internet transmission is completely secure, and we cannot guarantee that security breaches will not occur. Without limitation of the foregoing, we are not responsible for the actions of hackers and other unauthorized third parties that breach our reasonable security procedures.

    * **Links:** The Rating-Widget Service may contain links to other websites. Rating-Widget is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those websites. Users should be aware of this when they leave our Service and review the privacy statements of each third party website. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Service.

    * **Amendments:** Rating-Widget may modify or amend this policy from time to time. If we make any material changes, as determined by Rating-Widget, in the way in which Personal Information is collected, used or transferred, we will notify you of these changes by modification of this Privacy Policy, which will be available for review by you at the Service. Notwithstanding any modifications we may make, any Personal Information collected by Rating-Widget from you will be treated in accordance with the privacy policy in effect at the time information was collected, unless we obtain your consent otherwise.

    * **Children:** Rating-Widget does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of the Service is directed at persons under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use the Service. If Rating-Widget learns that personally identifiable information of persons less than 13 years of age has been collected without verifiable parental consent, then Rating-Widget will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. To make such a request, please contact us at [support@rating-widget.com](mailto:%20support@rating-widget.com).

  * ### Effective Date of this Policy

    * July 7, 2012



