> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the deepsilver.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171208163803id_/http%3A//www.deepsilver.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Deep Silver

This website is operated by Koch Media GmbH, Gewerbegebiet 1, 6604 Hoefen, Austria (“Deep Silver”).

Deep Silver is serious about protecting users’ privacy and personal data and is obliged to adhere to all valid, related applicable laws and legal regulations for the protection of individuals when processing personal data, in your country of residence. We have employed technical and organizational measures to ensure that data protection laws are observed by us as well as by external service providers working for us. We have adopted this Privacy Policy to explain how we store and use personal and non-personal information we collect online on our websites, during your use of our online products and/or games and/or services.

We will only collect information we need to fulfill your requests and our legitimate business objectives. We will never send you marketing communications without your consent, and we will never share your personal information with third parties that are not bound by our Privacy Policy unless you tell us we can.

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY, FOR INFORMATION REGARDING THE COLLECTION, USE AND DISTRIBUTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION, CAREFULLY. WHEN YOU USE ANY ONLINE OR OFF-LINE GAME, PRODUCT, SERVICE OR WEBSITE FROM DEEP SILVER OR REGISTER FOR ANY DEEP SILVER ACCOUNT YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE ANY DEEP SILVER SITE, GAME, PRODUCT OR SERVICE.

### **1.** **Collecting of Personal and non-personal Data**

The data Deep Silver collects depends on what products you use and how you use them. We collect both personal and non-personal user data. Personal data collected by Deep Silver is discussed below in Section A. Non-personal data is discussed below in Section B. The controller of the personal data collected is Koch Media GmbH, Gewerbegebiet 1, 6604 Hoefen, Austria.

#### **A. Personal Data collected by Deep Silver**

Personal data is information that identifies you and that may be used to contact you on-line or off-line. Deep Silver may collect personal information from our online visitors during: Gaming and other user behavior including gaming results; Warranty registration and requests; Customer support and/or technical service requests; Player match up and other head-to-head online competitions; Registration for games and/or special game-specific events; Newsletter subscriptions, referral services, and other marketing surveys and email campaigns; Registration for Deep Silver and/or other service accounts; Product, service and/or subscription orders; Service requests from third party service providers on our site; and otherwise through use of our websites, games, mobile or online services where personal information is required for use and/or participation.

The data includes information which is related or applicable to an individual person or creates a connection to that person. Information collected will vary depending upon the activity and may include your name, user name, email address, password, phone number, home address, birth date, mobile phone number, security questions and answers, demographic details for instance in response to surveys about our products, information you provide when seeking help from us such as your name and records of the issues you experience, and credit card information but will only be saved when needed and to the extent that it is necessary. Additional data such as age and hobbies may be requested within the framework of other actions (e.g., “Player of the Month”) and, published, only with your permission, on the Web or in printed media. In any case, you will be specifically notified in case of irregular collection of data. Deep Silver employees are not authorized to request additional user data, such as banking information or passwords.

Any access by you of the Deep Silver websites and any retrieval of a file may collect access data on this process in the protocol file on our servers and is stored as follows: Internet Protocol, address / IP address, page from which the file was requested, date, time, browser type and operating system, the page you visited, transferred data quantity, access status (file transferred, file not found, etc.). In general, we use log files to monitor traffic on our websites and to troubleshoot technical problems and to generate statistics which help Deep Silver to adapt the services offered to your requirements. In the event of user abuse of our websites, however, we may block certain IP addresses.

When you participate in social features (such as chat), the information that you disclose is public information. We may store and access it, and it may be read, copied, collected or used by other users without your consent. Please make sure your privacy settings reflect your preferences.

When you participate in online multiplayer games your in-game profile information, gameplay and statistics are visible to all.

We may also receive other personal data from third parties in connection with the operation and distribution of our products, games and services that we use to supplement personal data provided directly by you. As with all other data, we use this data only for purposes consistent with this policy.

Inventory data, utilization data and statement data are collected, processed and used and this is done, as far as required, even beyond the fulfilment of an agreement. Deep Silver reserves the right to store IP addresses and log files for a reasonable period of time after making use of the website to monitor whether you complies with all terms and conditions, in particular to ensure proper processing of the payment that you have authorized. This process especially serves to prevent or clarify any cases of abuse and to allow these data to be appropriately passed on to the competent authorities in specific instances. If available, IP addresses and console IDs may be used to personally identify you in order to enforce legal requirements. For the rest, as far as possible, any other evaluation of the data takes place in an anonymized form. Provided there is no pending prosecution action and no preliminary proceedings have been initiated for abuse, the IP addresses, log files and the corresponding internet information are saved for a period of maximum of six months within the scope of our legal obligations regarding data storage.

#### **B. Non-Personal data collected by Deep Silver**

Non-personal data, alone, cannot be used to identify or contact you. Deep Silver collects non-personal data about your use of our online, off-line and mobile games and services both on our website and in the course of game play and software usage (on PC, mobile and console platforms).

Deep Silver may collect certain non-personal data including gender, zip code, information about your computer, hardware, software, such as your hardware settings and components, platform, media, browser information, including your browser type and the language you prefer, referring and exit pages, including landing pages and pages viewed and used devices including device event information, including crash reports, request and referral URL’s and system activity details (e.g. whether you encountered an error playing our games or lost internet access). We also collect other Non-personal data such as feature usage, game play statistics and scores, user rankings and click paths as well as other data that you may provide in surveys, via your account preferences and online profiles or through purchases, for instance. We may also receive either non-personal or public information from third parties in connection with market and demographic studies that we use to supplement personal data provided directly by you.

We also may collect and store information locally on your device, using mechanisms like cookies, browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches.

Deep silver collects non-personal data in addition to personal information inter alia when you actively provide it in the context of various online, off-line and/or mobile activities including online and mobile purchases, game registration and marketing surveys, for instance.

In addition, we might use cookies and other technologies (as e.g. web beacons) to passively collect personal information, personalize your experience on our sites and monitor advertisements and other activities.

##### +Cookies

Cookies are small files applied to your Internet browser to track movements within websites and allow an analysis of you use the websites. We may link cookie information to personal data. Cookies link to information regarding what items you have selected for purchase at our store, pages you have viewed, or games you have played. This information is used to keep track of your shopping cart and make sure, you don’t see the same advertisement repeatedly, for example. Also, we use cookies to deliver content specific to your interest and to monitor website or game usage. We collect information on what games are played, how much time is spent playing the games and which ads or links are clicked. No personal identification of the user takes place based on the data stored in the cookie. Some of our sites use an outside ad company to display ads. These ads contain cookies. Cookies received with banner ads are applied by our ad companies, and Deep Silver does not have access to this information. Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies whenever you visit a website. If you do not want cookies to be stored on your computer or wish to be informed of their storage, you can prevent the installation of cookies by a corresponding adjustment to your browser software by selecting the option “do not accept cookies” in your browser settings. Your browser manufacturer’s instructions will give you more details on how this works. However, we would like to point out that by preventing cookies, you may find that you cannot use all of the website’s functions to the full extent.

We may also use flash cookies, also known as “local shared objects,” on our sites that employ Flash technology. Flash cookies are small files similar to browser cookies and are used to remember the site’s settings to personalize the look and feel of the site. Flash cookies only collect data in the aggregate. Like normal cookies, Flash cookies are represented as small files on your computer. One method of preventing Flash cookies from being placed is to adjust your preferences in the Macromedia Website Privacy Settings Panel at [www.macromedia.com](http://www.macromedia.com/). Please note that this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by Deep Silver only and does not cover the use of cookies by any other advertiser.

##### +Third Party Ad Serving Technology

The website may also contain advertising by a third party and interactive links to third party internet appearances. The third party companies that serve the ads that may appear on our websites may also collect information regarding your activities online, including the sites you visit, automatic transfer of your IP address and use of cookies. In this context, no connection is created between this information and your name, address, telephone number or email address. We have no influence on the content and design of the linked external pages or the Internet appearances which you reach via these pages. Data handling by these third parties is therefore not included in this data protection declaration. The relevant providers are exclusively responsible for the content and design of these Internet appearances as well as their compliance with the provisions of the Data Protection Act. For more information on such services or to opt out of those services, please visit such services’ websites. You can deactivate the use of cookies in your browser settings (see clause 1 B cookies).

Our websites may use Google’s remarketing technology. This technology enables users who have already visited our online services and shown interest in our services to see targeted advertising on the websites of the Google partner network. Likewise users that are similar to the visitors of our websites can be addressed. The advertising will be displayed using cookies. The information generated by the cookie about the website use will be transmitted to and stored on servers in the United States by Google. In the event that the IP address is transferred, it will be reduced by the last 3 digits. Using cookies, the user behavior on a website can be analyzed and subsequently utilized to provide targeted product recommendations and advertising based on the user’s interests.

If you would prefer to not receive any targeted advertising, you can deactivate the use of cookies for these purposes through Google by visiting the website: <https://www.google.com/settings/ads/>. Alternatively, users can deactivate the use of cookies by third party providers by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative’s deactivation website (<http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/>).

Please note that Google has its own data protection policy which is independent of our own. We assume no responsibility or liability for their policies and procedures. We recommend to read Google’s privacy policy (<https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>).

If you are using our mobile Apps we may additionally use so-called mobile tracking technologies. With the help of these services, we collect data on the usage of our apps to be able to constantly improve our offers. While using our apps, information transmitted to us by your device are collected and analyzed. In this respect, the following data are gathered: IP address, which is anonymized right away, MAC address, anonymized Device ID (IDentifier For Advertisers – IDFA or Google Advertiser ID – GAID), browser type, language settings, internet service provider, network status, time zone, URL of the entry and exit pages, date of access and time spent, clickstream data, and other statistical information about the use of our services. A direct individual identification is not possible. The data collected this way are used to create anonymous user profiles. The data collected with the tracking technologies will not be used to personally identify any visitor of our websites without their explicit consent. The collection and storing of the data can at any time be disabled with effect for the future by adjusting the settings of your mobile device as follows:

In the case of a mobile device of Apple: Open the settings of your mobile device (e.g. iPhone or iPad) and select the menu item “Privacy”. Under “Advertising“ you can turn off the Ad Tracking.

In the case of Android devices: Open the settings in your App list and tap on the “Ad” button. When the Ad window has opened, you can deactivate the Google Advertising ID.

##### +Analytic Metrics Tool and Other Technologies

Deep Silver may use its own proprietary analytic metrics tool and other analytics technologies to collect non-personal information when you use our online products and services and/or play our games on your PC, console and/or mobile device.

Deep Silver may also use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) and/or Google AdSense, a web services provided by Google, through which third party advertisements are posted on the website. These tools use “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States and/or certain other countries. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA or certain other countries. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB>. Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at <http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html> or at <https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk/policies/>.

##### +Facebook plugins

Deep Silver uses social plugins, e.g. the “like” button, from the social networking site [facebook.com](http://facebook.com/). These plugins are operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). The plugins can be identified from one of the Facebook logos.

If a user accesses one of our websites that contains one of these plugins, its internet browser connects directly with the Facebook servers. Facebook sends the content of the plugins directly to the user’s browser and back. Since we have absolutely no control over the amount of data that Facebook collects with the help of these plugins, we would like to share our latest knowledge with the user:

The plugins that are incorporated mean that Facebook receives notification that the user has called up the appropriate page on our website. If the user is logged in on Facebook at the same time, Facebook can allocate the visit to the user’s personal Facebook account. If the user interacts with the plugins, such as by pressing the “like”; button or posting a comment, that information is immediately transmitted by the browser directly to Facebook, where it is saved. If the user is not using Facebook, the service can still collect and store the IP address. More information on how much data is collected and why, and how it is then processed and used by Facebook, as well as details about the users’ rights and the settings available for protecting users’ privacy, can be obtained from Facebook’s data protection policy at [www.facebook.com/policy.php](http://www.facebook.com/policy.php).

If a user has signed up to Facebook but does not want Facebook to collect data via Deep Silver‘s website and link it up with the data stored on Facebook, it must log off Facebook before visiting Deep Silver.

If a user does not belong to Facebook or has not (yet) consented there to having its data collected and used, do not click on Facebook plugins.

##### +Facebook Pixel

Our website uses also the so-called Facebook Pixel of Facebook. The Facebook Pixel is a part of code which is implemented in our website. Its aim is to show conversions (i.e. it shows which devices have been used by an user to do an action), to create so-called lookalike audiences (i.e. to reach users with ads which have similar traits like other customers) and to generate comprehensive statistics about the use of our website. If you visit our website the Facebook Pixel directly creates a connection to the servers of Facebook. In this case the Facebook server is informed that you have visited our website and Facebook allocates that information to your personal Facebook profile. Further information about the collection and use of your personal data via Facebook as well as about your rights and possibilities can be found here: <https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/>. You can deactivate the function as described under: <https://en-gb.facebook.com/business/help/1415256572060999?helpref=uf_permalink>.  For that you have to be registered with your Facebook account.

##### +Twitter Conversion Tracking

We use the Conversion Tracking service of Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA (“Twitter”). This tracking records if a user of our website clicks on a link posted by Twitter. In this way, both we and Twitter can see if a registration has taken place. The identity of the user remains anonymous. In addition, we use Twitter’s Tailored Audiences service. This enables us to appeal to our website’s users with targeted advertisements. To do this, Twitter uses a code snippet (tag) which we have integrated into our website. No personal data are collected during this process. Tailored Audiences is also used to create lookalike targeting lists.

You can find more information about Twitter’s privacy policy in their data privacy statement (<https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en>). You can adjust your privacy settings for tailored advertisements at this link: <https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405-your-privacy-controls-for-tailored-ads> Twitter also supports “Do Not Track” (DNT). If you have activated this option in your browser, Twitter will not receive any browser-related information (browser cookie ID) from web partners in order to tailor their advertisements to you.

### **2.  ** **Storage of security of personal data**

We are committed to data security within the framework of applicable data protection laws. Your data are protected against unauthorized access and loss through the use of various electronic, technical, physical, administrative and contractual measures. Deep Silver has taken the necessary technical and organizational precautions to ensure that the regulations for data privacy are respected both internally as well as by external service providers. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and in storage. Please note however that no electronic communications or method of electronic storage, are totally secure. We remind you that, despite our high standards, information that you voluntarily provide on the Web are never guaranteed to be 100% secure. There is always the potential danger that third persons may obtain unauthorized access. While we strive to use commercially reasonable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. Deep Silver is not responsible or liable for the disclosure of data due to data transmission errors and/or unauthorized access by third parties.

Deep Silver is part of a global organization and the majority of the computer systems on which we collect, store, and use the information are based in the European Economic Area (EEA). Under limited circumstances, we may utilize data storage facilities located outside the EEA to operating countries in the USA and/or Asia. Your personal information may be transferred to, used, processed or held by us in the EEA and in other territories and used for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. Persons who require access because of technical, business, or editorial maintenance of the server and portal are legally bound by an agreement of confidentiality and non-disclosure.

### **3.  ** **Data processing**

Once you have completed a declaration of consent, Deep Silver collect, store, and process personal and Non-personal data for the purpose of individual information and management. We use your personal and non-personal information, both individually and combined together, in the following ways:

To operate our business and to enhance and personalize your game experience inter alia to: operate, improve and develop our games, websites and services, fulfill your specific requests, facilitate sharing on social networks and purchase orders, serve and measure the effectiveness of advertising, provide game experiences that you may like, facilitate your gameplay on multiple devices when available, identify, fix, and troubleshoot bugs and service errors, provide software updates and to send you purchase confirmation and other account-related information. Help keep our services safe and fair, resolve disputes, investigate and help curb fraud and illegal behavior, comply with the law, and to enforce our agreements and policies. Further to provide you support, including to: help identify and troubleshoot problems with your account or games; to survey your opinions through surveys or questionnaires; communicate with you and respond to your specific requests or questions; and manage and send you confirmations and important information about your account, products, purchases, subscriptions, and warranties. In addition, if you choose to receive communications from us about Deep Silver products and news, the personal information you provide will allow us to send you messages about things including new products, features, enhancements, special offers, upgrade opportunities, contests and events of interest and we will personalize our communications with you, including present offers and/or information relating to games you might like, make recommendations to you; and personalize advertising for you and deliver targeted marketing, service updates and promotional offers.

You may send Deep Silver a message that you no longer wish to receive such information at any time with effect for the future (For contact information, refer to clause 11). In addition, you always have the option to de-register via a special link located directly in the information about the game or in the newsletter to stop any further receipt.

Your participation in tournaments or other online game events is also conditional upon our collection, use, storage, transmission and public display of statistical data (such as your scores, rankings and achievements) generated through your participation. For security purposes, data that could be used for identification (e.g., IP address, date, and time) are stored on our servers when you are granted access. We reserve the right to conduct statistical analysis of anonymous data sets. Personal data is not used for any other purposes, apart from legal or official requirements.

All employees of Deep Silver are obliged to comply with data security and the data protection provisions and are instructed accordingly. In the event of payment transactions, your data is transferred encrypted through the use of the SSL process.

### **4.** **Sharing of personal data with third parties**

Your personal data will be disclosed worldwide to companies of the Koch Group (subsidiaries, affiliates and the parental company). From time to time, Deep Silver employs third party contractors to collect personal data on our behalf to provide email delivery, product, or promotional fulfillment, contest administration, credit card processing, shipping or other services on our sites. Deep Silver will only pass your personal and/or billing-related data to third parties, external service providers and investigative authorities as far as this is required to fulfil the agreement. We ask some third party contractors, such as credit agencies or market research firms, to supplement personal information that you provide to us for our own marketing and demographic studies, so that we can consistently improve our sites and related advertising to better meet our visitors’ needs and preferences. When our third party contractors collect and/or have access to the personal information you provide to Deep Silver, Deep Silver requires that they adhere to our stated privacy policies and protect the confidentiality of personal information they collect or have access to in the course of their engagement. These third parties are prohibited from using your personal data for any other purpose without your specific consent. Therefore, you may opt in to allow us to share your personal data with these companies and organizations that provide products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. To opt out of further communications from a marketing partner or sponsor with whom your information has been shared, please contact that partner or sponsor directly. In any case, you will be notified before your personal data is collected by any third party that is not our agent/service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your data with that party.

Payment processing takes place via external service providers (e.g. credit card companies, banks, Paypal). Your protected interests are considered according to the legal provisions. External service providers are obliged to treat your data confidentially and securely and may only use your data as far as this is required to fulfil their duties. In the event of payment arrears, Deep Silver will, if necessary, instruct a collection company or a lawyer to collect the payable amount. The required data are passed for this purpose and utilized in compliance with all data protection guidelines.

In other instances, your personal data will not be shared with third parties without your express consent. We may, however, share non-personal data in the aggregate (in a form that does not personally identify you) with third parties.

If data is shared with agent/service providers as part of contractual data processing, they are required to conform to the applicable data protection laws and other legal requirements as well as to Deep Silver Privacy Policy.

Deep Silver may also disclose personal data to law enforcement, or the appropriate civil authorities to enforce legal rights and comply with the law, or to comply with an order from a government entity or other competent authority, or when we have reason to believe that a disclosure is necessary to address potential or actual injury or interference with our rights, property, reputation, operations, users or others who may be harmed or may suffer loss or damage, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, fraud protection and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Deep Silver.

### **5.  ** **Public Information including user Generated Content (Forums, Blogs)**

You may choose to disclose information about yourself in the course of contributing user generated content to Deep Silver sites or games or in public online chat rooms, blogs, forums, message boards or in similar forums on our sites. Anyone may access and/or view contributions placed in the discussion forum. Information that you disclose in any of these forums is public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there. You should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit in the course of these public activities can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. Please also be aware that such contributions may be delated or withdrawn by Deep Silver according to the Terms of Use of these sites. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums. Therefore, you should ensure, before publishing, that your contributions do not contain information that is not appropriate for public viewing. You should be aware that your contributions may be accessed by search engines and accessible worldwide without specifically targeting our portal. Deleting or correcting such entries is frequently not possible with foreign operators.

### **6.  ** **Right of withdrawal**

You may correct or delete data that you have entrusted with us at any time. Please send an e-mail requesting deletion of your account data to [l.zhang@kochmedia.com](mailto:l.zhang@kochmedia.com). We will be happy to review, update or remove information as appropriate. We remind you that the remonstrance of certain data for certain periods of time is stipulated to resolve disputes, enforce our user agreement, and due to technical and legal requirements. These data may only be deleted following legally stipulated time periods.

### **7.  ** **Non-liability for Third Party Sites**

We remind you that in various technical areas we work with external partners who also offer websites and services accessible from our sites. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party. If you click on a link to a third party site, including on an advertisement, you will leave the Deep Silver site and go to the site you selected. As we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personal information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy and security practices as Deep Silver. These third party websites and services should have their own privacy policies. We assume no responsibility or liability for such declarations or activities that take place at other sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any other service provider from whom you request services. If you visit a third party website you should consult that site’s privacy policy before providing any personal information.

### **8.** **Children**

Protecting children’s privacy is especially important to us. Deep Silver recognizes that parents, guardians, or other adults often engage our services for family use, including use by minors.  We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 14 or under the minimum age in the relevant territory which might be higher, for marketing purposes, but because some information is collected electronically, it can appear to be the personal information of Deep Silver purchaser of the product, and will be treated as such by this privacy policy. If a child under 14 (or under the minimum age in the relevant territory which might be higher) submits personal information to Deep Silver and we learn that that personal information is the information of a child under 14 (or under the minimum age in the relevant territory which might be higher), we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. It is our policy to comply with all applicable child protection laws.

### **9.  ** **Modification of the Privacy Policy**

Deep Silver reserve the right to modify and update this Privacy Policy at any time in accordance with applicable privacy laws. If we change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Privacy Policy, the website or other places so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If we make material or significant changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or by a notice on the applicable websites or during log in. Please visit this page frequently. Revisions to terms affecting existing Deep Silver services shall be effective thirty (30) days after posting. Your continued use of our websites, games, online and mobile products and services will signify your acceptance of the changes to our Privacy Policy.

### **10.  ** **Third Party Products and/or Services**

Users may register for other services from our websites. Certain products and/or services available on our service are provided to you in partnership with third party(s) and may require you to disclose personally identifiable information in order to register for and access such products and/or services. Such products and/or services shall identify the third party partners at the point of registration. If you choose to register for such products and/or services your personally identifiable information will be transferred to such third parties and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices and policies of such third parties and, therefore, you should review the privacy practices and policies of such third parties prior to providing your personally identifiable information in connection with such products and/or services.

### **11.  ** **Questions and comments**

You will always have the option to require an overview including all collected data. At your request or Deep Silver’s own initiative, we can complete, correct or delete incomplete, incorrect and/or outdated personal data, you will find more details regarding this matter in clause 6. “Right of withdrawal”. For any further questions, concerns, or comments on the topic of data protection, please contact Deep Silver’s data protection representative Liang Zhang at [l.zhang@kochmedia.com](mailto:l.zhang@kochmedia.com).

September 05, 2017
