> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the einpresswire.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231210749id_/http%3A//www.einpresswire.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy - EIN Presswire Press Release Distribution Service

IPD Groups web servers automatically collect information about which pages are visited and the domain name (e.g., aol.com) of visitors, but not any information that personally identifies a visitor. This information is used for internal review, to tailor information to individual visitors and for traffic audits. IPD Group is supported by advertisers, so having aggregate information about visitors helps us build a better site and attract advertisers, whose revenue allows us keep subscription pricing lower.

We use cookies in a limited way to help deliver advertisements and to identify unique browsers that visit us and to track usage throughout our site. Some of our business affiliates and advertisers use cookies, which can be used to tell when your computer has contacted a web site. Again, because we do not control the privacy policies of our business affiliates, advertisers or any non-IPD Group sites to which we may provide hyperlinks, you should check the privacy policy of the site you are visiting if you have any concerns about that site's use of cookies.

Through IPD Group you will be introduced to a variety of third-party vendors and sites. For example, you can review the products offered by the vendors included in our classifieds section, and there are contests and sweepstakes operated by third parties in which you can participate through our site. The privacy polices of these third parties are not under our control. The use of any information that you may provide to any third party will be governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site that you are visiting, which may differ from ours. As well, in some cases these third parties may share the information that they collect about you with IPD Group. If you have any doubts about the privacy of the information you are providing, you should look for the privacy policy of the site that you are visiting via a link from that site's home page or elsewhere. If you cannot find that site's privacy policy, or if you are uncertain about the entity to whom you are providing your information, you should contact that site directly for more information.

We may find it necessary to change our privacy policy in the future. If we do decide to change the policy, we will post changes as soon as they go into effect.

IPD Group's policy is to refrain from supplying Registration Data to third parties. However, IPD Group reserves the rights to (i) use and disclose the Registration Data to generate and distribute demographic reports (including reports on usage patterns of subscribers) and marketing statistics, provided that IPD Group will not reveal the identity of any user of the Fee-Based Services; and (ii) disclose any Registration Data or other information in its possession regarding users of the Fee-Based Services in cooperation with any law, regulation, or governmental or agency request.
