> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the p1440.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190330230804id_/https%3A//p1440.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - p1440

PLATFORM 1440, LLC (p1440) is committed to maintaining the privacy and protection of your personal information. This privacy policy tells you about the information we collect on our website (p1440.com) and how we use that information. By using p1440.com, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in this Privacy Policy, which may be modified from time to time by us.

##### Who May Use the Website:

p1440.com (also referred to herein as the “website”) is not intended or designed to attract users under the age of 13. Although p1440 and p1440.com do not specifically seek to obtain any information from children under the age of 13, there are certain areas of p1440.com that children may visit. p1440 does not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under 13. If individuals under 13 years of age wish to participate in contests or promotions, they must obtain the consent of their parent or guardian. If you are under 13, we ask that you not send us any personal information unless you have parent or guardian permission. In the event that we learn that such information has been sent to our website, we will not create a profile or otherwise retain the child’s information.

p1440.com is intended for users from the United States and those not governed by privacy policies of other countries. Users from other countries are advised not to disclose personal information to our website. Information sent to us will be housed on servers located in the United States. Do not send us information unless you consent to the application of U.S. law and to the use and disclosure of your information consistent with this Privacy Statement.

##### Information We Collect: Personally Identifying Information

p1440 will only collect personally identifiable information which you knowingly and voluntarily provide. You may be asked to provide personally identifiable information on p1440.com, which may include your name, address, telephone number, credit card number, and e-mail address. This information can be gathered when feedback or e-mails are sent to p1440, when you register to receive email updates from us, or make purchases via p1440.com. To update your contact information, please contact us by email at [info@p1440.com](mailto:info@p1440.com)

##### Tracking Information

p1440 collects certain anonymous data regarding the usage of the website. This information does not personally identify users, by itself or in combination with other information, and is gathered to improve the performance of the website. The anonymous data collected on p1440.com can include information such as the type of browser you are using and the length of the visit to the website.

##### Cookies

Cookies are small bits of data cached in a user’s browser. p1440 uses cookies to determine whether or not you have visited the home page in the past. We do not set any personally identifiable information in cookies, nor do we employ any data capture mechanisms on our website other than cookies. Cookies help us learn which areas of our website are useful and which areas need improvement. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings on your browser. However, if you choose to disable this function, your experience at p1440.com may be diminished and some features may not work as they were intended.

##### Click Tracking

As is true of most websites, p1440.com gathers certain information automatically and stores it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the website, track users' movements around the website and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Except as noted herein, we do not link this automatically collected data to personal information.

##### IP Addresses

Each user's IP address is logged with each visit and each action performed on p1440.com. This information is never provided to third parties, except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, and is logged only for a temporary period of time.

##### Use and Disclosure of Personal Information:

Except as otherwise stated below, we do not sell, trade or rent your personally identifiable information collected on p1440.com to others. The information collected by our website is used to process orders, to keep you informed about your order status, to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you, and for statistical purposes for improving our website. We will disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties for order tracking purposes, to charge your credit card (or process your check or money order, as appropriate), fill your order, improve the functionality of our website, perform statistical and data analysis, deliver your order, and deliver promotional emails to you from us. For example, we must release your credit card number to confirm payment; and release your mailing address information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered.

p1440 may use non-personal "aggregated data" to enhance the operation of the website, or analyze interest in the areas of our website. We may use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests. Promotions or advertisements displayed on our website may contain cookies. We do not have access to or control over information collected by outside advertisers on our website. Additionally, if you provide p1440 with content for publishing or feedback, we may publish your user name or other identifying data with your permission.

p1440 may also disclose personally identifiable information in order to respond to a subpoena, court order or other such request. p1440 may also provide such personally identifiable information in response to a law enforcement agency's request or as otherwise required by law. Your personally identifiable information may be provided to a party if p1440 files for bankruptcy, or there is a transfer of the assets or ownership of p1440 in connection with proposed or consummated corporate reorganizations, such as mergers or acquisitions.

##### Third Party Websites

p1440 is not responsible for the privacy policies of websites to which it links. If you provide any information to such third parties, different rules regarding the collection and use of your personal information may apply. We strongly suggest you review such third party's privacy policies before providing any data to them. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Please be aware that p1440.com may contain links to other websites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those websites linked to p1440.com is not covered by this Policy. These other websites may send their own cookies or clear GIFs to users, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these entities directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.

##### Security

p1440.com has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under p1440’s control. When you make a purchase or create an account on the website, your transactional information is transmitted in a safe, encrypted format.

##### Contacting Us

If you have any questions regarding p1440’s Privacy Policy and our practices related to p1440.com, please contact us at:

PLATFORM 1440 Privacy Policy  
34145 Pacific Coast Highway  
Dana Point, CA 92629  
[info@p1440.com](mailto:info@p1440.com)

##### Modifications to the Privacy Policy

p1440 reserves the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this privacy policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on p1440.com and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the website. It is your responsibility to review this privacy policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms.

This Privacy Policy was last modified on February 20, 2018 and is effective immediately.
