> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zumiez.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-03-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090310044238id_/http%3A//www.zumiez.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Z U M I E Z . C O M - Privacy Policy

Zumiez.com respects our customers' right to privacy online and the concerns of parents for their children visiting our site. We keep detailed customer information confidential, with a few exceptions noted below. Please read the following privacy policy to understand how your personal information will be used and treated as you make use of our online offerings. Please note that this policy might change from time to time, so you should check back here periodically.   
Zumiez encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the activities offered on its site. No information should be submitted to or posted at Zumiez.com by guests under 13 years of age without the consent of their parent or guardian. 

Personal Information Privacy  
Zumiez will take all appropriate steps to keep your personal information confidential. Those steps include limiting access to client information databases, communicating this policy statement to all Zumiez employees, and establishing and enforcing penalties for violating this statement. 

Zumiez will not sell, rent, or give away our customers' personal information to other companies for them to use in selling others' products or services. We do, however, sometimes contract with other companies to market or advertise products or services. We may share customers' e-mail addresses and information with third party sponsors that are working together with Zumiez for marketing and promotions. If you would like to make sure that we do not share your e-mail address or other customer information with any third parties, just send an e-mail message to [help@zumiez.com](mailto:help@zumiez.com) and please type "no third parties" in the subject line of your e-mail. 

We gather personal information from our customers so we can better develop our relationship with those customers. Occasionally, we seek customer comments on our products and services. These comments allow us to determine which products and services our customers should be made aware of based on their specific needs. 

We may communicate with our customers via e-mail or other online delivery devices only if the customer agrees to receive those communications. Customers who believe they are receiving our communications in error or no longer want to receive them, should inform us and we will promptly remove those clients' names from our mailing lists. 

Asking for Your Information  
Personal Information is collected primarily by specifically requesting it from you. Generally this occurs when you register at the site, request a service, place an order, or enter an online contest or sweepstakes. We will sometimes ask customers for personal information such as your name, address, e-mail address, occupation, hobbies and other details. Providing us your information will simply help us offer products and services that we think you'd like to hear about. When you choose to give personal information to us over the Internet that we or our business partners may request, we will endeavor to inform you how we will use the information. 

Security - Credit Card Information  
We currently use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol to safeguard your information, including your credit card number, during online transactions. We believe SSL to be a very safe encryption method. You can tell you are using the Secure Socket Layer encryption when a gold or blue padlock appears in the corner of your Netscape or Microsoft browser. In the extremely unlikely event that we ever do suspect a customer's credit card number has been intercepted, we will immediately notify the customer. 

Use of Cookies  
Our site uses cookies to count and track site visits anonymously. A cookie is a small piece of data that many Web sites write to a file on your hard disk. A cookie can contain data like an ID number used to track what pages are visited. A cookie cannot by itself be used by a Web site to obtain personal information about the user or to read information from your computer other than that which has been voluntarily provided by you or is contained in cookies given by the same Web site. Zumiez only uses cookies to keep track of items you put into your shopping cart, to tell us whether you have visited Zumiez previously, and to help us determine whether you came to Zumiez from a particular Internet link or banner advertisement. We never save passwords or credit card information in cookies. The use of cookies is an industry standard -- you'll find them at most major Web sites. If you prefer not to receive cookies on Zumiez.com, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use any area of Zumiez.com.

By using this site, you signify your agreement to the Zumiez.com Privacy Statement and [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/web/20090310044238id_/http%3A//www.zumiez.com/terms_conditions.aspx "Terms and Conditions").
