> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ei6.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190320020634id_/https%3A//www.dropcatch.com/OtherInfo/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DropCatch.com - The Expiring Domain Resource

DROPCATCH.COM PRIVACY POLICY

DropCatch's Privacy Policy describes how this site collects and uses the personally identifiable information provided by customers/consumers/users of this site. It also describes the choices available to customers regarding DropCatch's use of customer's personally identifiable information and how that information may be accessed and updated by customers and how it may be provided to third-parties.

If you do not agree to DropCatch's Privacy Policy and/or [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/OtherInfo/TermsAndConditions), you must immediately cease use of DropCatch.com. If you do not agree, do not use DropCatch's website or services, do not place a backorder on any domains, do not participate in any auctions and do not purchase domains or use any other services on the DropCatch.com website. 

DropCatch.com is a United States company, located in Denver, Colorado, USA. DropCatch complies with the U.S-EU Safe Harbor framework which is dictated and set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries. DropCatch further complies with the California Online Privacy Protection Act and the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).

**What Information DropCatch Collects**

DropCatch must collect certain personal data in order to conduct business, provide customer service and provide a customer with relevant requested services. Personal information is collected from customers when a DropCatch account is created, when a customer backorders a domain name, when a customer places an auction bid  , whenever a customer fills out a contact form on the DropCatch platform; when a customer submits payment to DropCatch; and when a customer contacts DropCatch via phone or chat. DropCatch will further collect certain personal information from customers as needed in order to continue to provide services to its customers and as required by any relevant law, rule, regulation, and other method that ensures the safety of DropCatch, its customers, and the general public.

DropCatch collects customers' relevant personal information, including but not limited to: name, address, phone number, fax number (if applicable), email address and other data used to directly or indirectly to identify you in connection to your use of DropCatch's services. Many products/services may require a customer to provide DropCatch with additional information such as credit card information, associated billing information, or other financial and payment information. In order to protect DropCatch and its customers, as well as intellectual property rights, DropCatch may require customers to provide government identification and/or other documentation as proof of identity and physical address.

**Why DropCatch Collects This Information**

DropCatch collects customer information for several reasons, including but not limited to: following relevant and required ICANN data collection requirements, along with and to abide and comply with United States laws, rules, and regulations. Further, DropCatch collects such information in order to allow DropCatch to: 

a. **To personalize customer experience**  \- customer information helps DropCatch better respond to customer's individual needs.

b. **To improve the DropCatch website and services** \- DropCatch continually strives to improve its website offerings and services based on the information and feedback received from customers.

c. **To improve customer service** \- customer information helps DropCatch more effectively respond to specific customer service requests and support needs. Should a customer contact DropCatch for service or support, it will keep an internal record of such correspondence, whether email or telephone call, along with an internal record of support given.

d. **To process transactions**  \- other than specifically provided in this provision, or required by law, customer information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company without direct and express customer consent.

e. **To send periodic emails** \- customer email addresses provided for order processing, will be used to send customers relevant and pertinent information and updates pertaining to their DropCatch account and registered domain names and/or other services. These communications include, but are not limited, to: DropCatch updates and questions or concerns regarding the customer, their account, or specific services. If a customer chooses to opt-in to a mailing list, they will receive email communications that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, as set per email preferences which is customizable from within each users' account.

f. **Domain ownership information**  \-  DropCatch.com is an ICANN accredited and approved domain name registrar. The registration information provided for a domain is recorded and shared with trusted parties in order to escrow ownership of the domain. If a customer does not opt for privacy protection, the whois information provided for the registrant on domain names may be shared via a public record called "whois". 

**How DropCatch Collects this Information**

DropCatch utilizes a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of customers' personal information. All supplied financial information (including credit card data) is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into the company's payment gateway provider's database. This database and the sensitive information contained within are only accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. 

DropCatch uses cookies (and other technologies such as web beacons, pixels, tags, scrips) to identify you so you don't need to log in each time you visit a DropCatch website or its mobile applications. The cookies are linked to your customer account, which is associated with the information in your account. DropCatch uses cookies to help remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that it can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most modern websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of DropCatch's services may not function properly or function at all. DropCatch does not test its website for this and does not guarantee use of services with cookies disabled. 

DropCatch, like most companies, obtains information about its customers automatically and stores this information in its internal databases. This information may include but is not limited to: Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring entry/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp and/or clickstream data, and other data that could directly or indirectly identify you. DropCatch uses this information to help personalize your experience and search results, diagnose problems with its systems, to administer the services on this site, and for other corporate uses.

**How DropCatch Uses this Information**

DropCatch must first and foremost abide by local law. As a US company, DropCatch will first abide by US laws and regulations when two laws might differ and/or conflict with one another.

DropCatch securely holds on to personal data internally. Such data can be held indefinitely in order to keep accurate records that may be required under local law and regulation. 

DropCatch uses customer information to communicate directly with their customers. It is important for customers to keep their email address up to date and check their email regularly for updates regarding a DropCatch account. 

DropCatch may have the need to provide customer information to third parties for certain services required by DropCatch, including but not limited to, credit card processors, technical support services, shipping of goods or services, customer relationship management, SMS delivery, Collections Agencies,  UDRP dispute providers, Whois Data Escrow providers, ICANN, registry compliance, law enforcement, among other third parties for other similar such reasons.  DropCatch will only share information that is necessary for the third party to provide the required services. This information will not be sold nor voluntarily disseminated unless reasonably needed at DropCatch's sole discretion.  Upon purchasing a domain from DropCatch your personal information may be provided to the current registrar of record, which may or may not be DropCatch.com, allowing you to gain control and access to your domain name. Please note domain name registration contact information is made public through "whois" services, and by providing information to DropCatch.com means the contact information may be made public as required by the domain name registrar which maintains the domain registration.

When a DropCatch account is cancelled/suspended/terminated, either voluntarily or involuntarily, this does not mean that the customer's personally identifiable information has been deleted entirely from DropCatch's systems and databases. Some or all this information may be retained by DropCatch, including but not limited, to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, prevent fraud and/or enforce company agreements. One such example would be if you bought a domain on DropCatch.com, and manage that domain at NameBright.com, in this circumstance DropCatch will not be able to terminate your DropCatch account without affecting the registration of your NameBright account. Customers may alter, update or deactivate their DropCatch account information any time, in order to do so you must disable all such backorders and active auctions in your account and submit a support ticket to the customer support team. However, in varying situations, certain information will be required and persisted without exception. In addition, you will not be able to submit a form on this website without providing the exact information required to complete that specific action. It is forbidden and against of ICANN's rules to provide false Registrant information about any domain name registration(s). Providing false or fake information may and will result in suspension of the customer's DropCatch account and forfeiture of any related domain name(s) registered with DropCatch or any of its affiliate companies or domain name registrars.

DropCatch will cooperate with government, law enforcement officials and relevant private parties to enforce and comply with Unites States law and with applicable and mandatory regulations regarding the services it provides. If necessary, DropCatch will disclose any customer information to the relevant officials or private parties when appropriate or deemed reasonably necessary. Further, if DropCatch believes, in its sole discretion, (including without limitation to subpoenas), that the preservation of certain customer information is necessary to protect its rights or the property and/or the rights of a third party. DropCatch may further maintain or share customer information in order to protect the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop activity DropCatch considers to be illegal based on applicable laws, or to otherwise uphold the law. Due to the nature of DropCatch's domain backordering service, it may be required in certain circumstances to release customer data to comply with US law and to ensure that all systems are not being used for illegal, or potentially illegal activities.  By using DropCatch's website and services, all customers expressly consent to this Privacy Policy. DropCatch further reserves the right to modify this Policy at any time. If changes are made to this Policy, those changes will be publicly posted. DropCatch is not required to directly notify its customers of changes made to this Policy, however, if material changes are made, DropCatch will notify its customers by email or through a public notice on its website.

**To Access, Update, or Delete Your Personal Information**

You have the right to correct any personal information held about you that is inaccurate or incomplete. If there is information located on DropCatch servers you wish to correct, you will be required to login to your account and update the appropriate information. This includes account owner information, information submitted for various products and services offered through this website, including but not limited to purchased domain names and payment methods linked to your account.

You have the right issue a request that DropCatch delete your personal data. DropCatch will review your request and delete data if possible. DropCatch reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to retain any personal data. Personal data may be retained for several reasons, including, but not limited to: fraud mitigation; preserving or enforcing legal and/or contractual rights; data retention mandated by local law,  ICANN mandates,  relevant domain registries, contracts, or reasons necessary to DropCatch's business and operate such services. If you wish to have your data erased, you can use the contact details found on the bottom of this page, please provide as many details as possible as to your request, and the company will determine if you have a valid basis for the erasure of your data. If you have questions about data retention you may contact us with your questions or concerns. You have the right to lodge a complaint with a relevant supervisory authority.

**Third Parties**

DropCatch.com may share your personal information with affiliated companies within its corporate family and other third-parties that integrate with DropCatch services, and to provide products and services, including but not limited to: Customer Relationship Management; processing payments; fraud prevention; management of domain names; and serving advertisements. Many of these third parties are affiliate companies, and work in conjunction with DropCatch to provide customers the products and services provided by DropCatch to DropCatch's customers.

Targeted ads may be provided to DropCatch customers based upon their webpages and Internet activity. These ads and offers may be displayed as product banners provided while you are engaged in Internet browsing or using DropCatch.com and its services. In some instances, DropCatch partners with third parties to manage advertising, including targeted advertising on DropCatch webpages and other websites. These third-party partners may use certain data collection tools such as cookies in order to collect information about customer activities to provide customers with customized advertisements. When possible, such providers will give ways to opt-out of any such advertisements.

DropCatch's website may contain links to third party websites. DropCatch is not responsible for the privacy policy and data collection of third-party sites. You are solely responsible for reviewing any third-party privacy practices on all such websites.

Some Internet browsers may allow users to receive notifications when a website is utilizing tracking technology and may allow that user to use a "do not track" signal. There is no industry standard or agreement among industry participates as to what this "do not track" signal entails. As there is not set definition or regulation regarding this process, DropCatch does not make any adjustments or alternations in its operating processes when a "do not track" signal is received from an Internet browser.

**Corporate Reorganization**

If DropCatch were to merge with another company or if DropCatch is involved in an acquisition or sale of all a substantial portion of assets, or other similar sale transaction, your information will be transferred as part of that transaction and you will be notified by email and/or notice on DropCatch website of any such transfer and any choices you may have regarding your information.

**Contact Information**

If you have any other questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of DropCatch you may use the contact us form on this web site to request additional information, or you can reach us by phone at +1 (303) 502-9098 or by email at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)

\---

Last Revised: July 05, 2018

Copyright 2014-2019 DropCatch.com. All Rights Reserved.
