> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mbsdirect.net privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140213030745id_/http%3A//www.mbsdirect.net/disclaimer.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MBS Direct | Disclaimer and Privacy Policy

User expressly acknowledges that use of this Web site is at your sole risk. MBS Direct is providing this Web site and its contents on an "as is" basis and makes no representations or warranties of any kind with respect to this site or its contents. To the maximum extent permitted by law, MBS Direct disclaims all such representations and warranties, including but not limited to warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. In addition, MBS Direct does not represent or warrant that the information or merchandise provided through this Web site is accurate, complete or current. The prices listed in this Web site are not offers to form a contract but merely an advertisement for offers.

Except as specifically stated on this Web site, under no legal theory, tort, contract or otherwise shall MBS Direct nor any of its directors, employees, merchants, content developers or any other party involved in the creation or maintenance of this site be liable for damages arising out of or in connection with the use of or inability to use this site. This is a comprehensive limitation of liability that applies to all damages of any kind, including (without limitation) compensatory, direct, indirect or consequential damages, loss of data, income or profit, loss of or damage to property and claims of third parties.

Under no circumstances shall MBS Direct be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use MBS Direct. This includes but is not limited to reliance by a User on any information obtained from MBS Direct or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or e-mail, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of God, communications failure, theft, destruction, or unauthorized access of MBS Direct records, programs or services.

All content on this Web site, including text, site design, graphics, images, data compilations, lists, bibliographic information, book covers and software, is the property of MBS Direct, or its licensors and is protected by U.S. and international copyright law. Downloading, printing, copying, distributing or using the contents of any pages in the site in any manner without prior written consent from MBS Direct is prohibited. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.

MBS Direct reserves the right, in its discretion, to change or modify all or any part of these terms and conditions at any time, effective immediately upon notice published on this Web site.

On occasion, MBS Direct enters into agreements with educational institutions. Under such agreements, MBS Direct may provide services and other consideration to the educational institution, including, but not limited to, providing students of the educational institution the opportunity to purchase books and other course materials from MBS Direct, (ii) providing the educational institution a commission, or other financial remuneration, based upon sales made to the educational institutions' students.  
  
_Effective Date:_ <>

This Privacy Policy describes and governs the information collection, use and sharing practices of MBS Direct, LLC ("MBS") with respect to this website.

  1. ## Definitions

    1. _We_ , _our_ and _us_ means MBS, the operator of this website.
    2. _You_ and _your_ means you, the person visiting this website.
    3. _Personal information_ means the following information about you that we collect: name, mailing address, billing address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card information and any other information collected or stored in conjunction with your name. Personal information does not include aggregate information about our customers in which your identity cannot be discerned.
    4. _Contractor_ means a third party that is not owned or controlled by MBS, but that has been retained to provide certain services for us, on our behalf or through our website(s).
  2. ## Collection and Use of Information

    1. _The Purpose for Collecting and Use of Your Information._ We collect personal information and other information from you, and about you, to provide you with products and information that you request, to send you news and information about our company, products and services, to diagnose problems with our computer systems and administer our website, and to enhance your online experience, as described in greater detail below.
    2. _The Sources from Which We Collect Information and Use of Such Information._
    3. _Your Submissions._ We collect personal information that you provide to us when you register for an account, Promotion (defined below) or other program on our website, place or commence an order, e-mail us or call us.
    4. _Collection from Educational Institutions._ In some situations MBS has agreed to provide services to educational institutions including, among other services, making available books and other course materials to those educational institutions' students. In such situations, the educational institution may provide MBS with personal information about you (for example, your student e-mail address) so that we can send you news and information about our company, products or services.
    5. _Automatic Collection._ We automatically receive certain types of information whenever you interact with us through our website. For example, when you visit the site, our systems, or those of our service providers, may automatically recognize your IP address(es), domain name and general location, a unique identifier for your Internet-enabled device, date and time of visits, the type of browser you use, the website from which your visit originated, the website you visit after leaving our website, page visits, time spent on web pages, the advertisements clicked on or scrolled over and other data. Below we describe certain information collected, and the actions and technologies that facilitate the collection of such information, in greater detail. 
      * _IP Address._ Your "IP Address" is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you are on the Internet. When you view pages of our website, our servers may record or "log" your IP Address and sometimes your domain name and general location. 
      * _Device IDs._ You may be visiting our website from your mobile device, such as a mobile phone or tablet. Certain mobile service providers uniquely identify mobile devices and we or our third-party service providers may receive such information if you access our website through mobile devices. Some features of the website may allow for the collection of mobile phone numbers, and we may associate that phone number to mobile device identification information. Furthermore, some mobile device providers operate or offer systems that can pinpoint the physical location of a device that uses the provider's service. Depending on the provider, we or our third-party service providers may receive this location information. 
      * _E-mail._ If you receive e-mail from us, we may use certain tools to capture data, including when you open our message, click on any links or banners it contains and/or make purchases. Certain e-mail messages may also contain tracking pixels or similar technologies, which collect and provide us with information while you are on our website. 
      * _Cookies._ Our website uses "cookies" to customize your shopping experience or to keep track of your shopping cart. Cookies make web surfing easier for you by saving your customer identification information (i.e., username, password, shopping cart information, user preferences, etc.) while you are at our website. Cookies also track where you travel on our website and what you look at and purchase, and where you go after you leave our website. When you visit our website again, the cookie allows the website to recognize your browser and customize your experience. You can set your browser to refuse cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. 
      * _Clear GIFs/Tracking Pixels._ A clear GIF or tracking pixel is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it may be visible) located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of a person's viewing or receipt of a web page or message. 
We may use the information described above to operate the website and to provide general statistics regarding the use of the website, to analyze and develop our business strategy and to determine how you found out about us, your interests regarding our products and services and how to improve our website or in creating marketing programs for you and others. To accomplish all this, and also to allow us to offer our customers streamlined ordering and other useful features, we, as do many websites, use and allow our third-party advertising companies, software vendors, fulfillment companies and contractors to use the technologies listed above and other similar technologies ("Tracking Technologies"). WE HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY TRACKING, DATA COLLECTION OR OTHER ACTIVITIES OF THIRD PARTIES. In some cases, we may link information that is not personal information and which was automatically collected through Tracking Technologies with certain of your personal information.
    6. _Information from Other Sources._ We may obtain information about you from outside sources and combine it with your account information. For example, we may purchase demographic and other marketing information from third parties to help us better serve you or inform you about products or services that we think will be of interest to you. We sometimes receive updated delivery and address information from our shippers or other sources so that we can correct our records and deliver your next purchase or communication more easily. Finally, we may also purchase lists containing your personal information (e.g., address, phone number, e-mail address) for advertising and marketing purposes. 
  3. ## Your Ability to Opt Out from Receiving Certain Communications from MBS

At any time you may choose to opt out from receiving marketing communications from us. You can opt out of receiving such communications by clicking on an "opt-out" link provided at the bottom of an e-mail that you receive from us, or by calling our Customer Service Department at <>. Your request will be handled promptly, although you may still receive marketing communications that were already in process prior to receipt of your request. Additionally, we may continue to send you communications relating to your orders, technical matters related to the website, and the Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy.

  4. ## MBS's Ability to Share your Personal Information

    1. _Generally._ We do not rent, sell or share personal information about you with other people or companies except in the situations described below.
    2. _Sharing Your Information with Our Contractors._ From time to time we may share personal information with contractors that provide us with services. We may share information provided by you directly or through Tracking Technologies with contractors that provide support services to us such as our e-commerce software vendor, fulfillment companies, transaction processor, printer, mailing house, or web host or with companies that help us market, distribute, or sell our products and services. We also may share information provided by you to contractors that conduct research and analysis concerning the people who request information from us. We also may share your personal information with contractors that provide a service directly to you through our website. These contractors may need information about you in order to perform their functions. HOWEVER, A CONTRACTOR PROVIDING A SERVICE DIRECTLY TO YOU THROUGH OUR WEBSITE MAY COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION AND OTHER INFORMATION DIRECTLY FROM YOU. SUCH CONTRACTOR MAY HAVE ITS OWN TERMS OF SERVICE AND PRIVACY POLICY, AND WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE FOR THE ACTS OR OMISSIONS OF SUCH CONTRACTOR.
    3. _Sharing Your Information with Advertisers._ We may participate in behavioral-based advertising. This means that we or a third party may use Tracking Technologies to collect information about your use of our website or other internet usage so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interest. That advertising may appear either on our website, or on other websites. We also may share traffic and transaction information with business partners and advertisers on an aggregate and anonymous basis.
    4. _Sharing Your Information with Publishers._ In some instances, we may share your personal information with the publisher, copyright holder or author of the products you purchase from us. These parties may use your information to send you updates, corrections or other information related to those materials.
    5. _Sharing Your Information with Educational Institutions._ We may share your personal information with any educational institutions to which you indicate that you belong and with which we have a contractual obligation. The educational institution may use your personal information to verify that you have obtained books and other course materials required for a particular course. The educational institution may also use your personal information to verify that MBS is in compliance with any agreements between MBS and the educational institution.
    6. _Share Links._ We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. The website also may contain links to other websites that are not under our control. These links may include the use of so-called "share links." A "share link" is a button and/or text link appearing on our website that enables the launch of a sharing mechanism whereby you can post links to, and content from, the website onto social networking websites such as Facebook, Twitter or Pinterest. The privacy policies of other website operators or advertisers may significantly differ from our Privacy Policy. We urge you to read the privacy statements of each and every website you visit and to contact the third-party website operators or advertisers directly if you have any questions or concerns about their data collection or privacy policies. WE HAVE NO CONTROL OR INFLUENCE OVER THE PRIVACY PRACTICES OF SUCH OTHER WEBSITES AND ADVERTISERS AND WE DO NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY WEBSITE OPERATORS' OR ADVERTISERS' DATA COLLECTION PRACTICES, THEIR FAILURE TO ABIDE BY THEIR PRIVACY POLICIES OR THE CONTENT OF ANY THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES.
    7. _Sharing Your Information with Law Enforcement._ We fully cooperate with reasonable requests for information from law enforcement agencies. As a result, we reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we reasonably believe to be unlawful, or that we reasonably believe may aid a law enforcement investigation into unlawful activity. In addition, we reserve the right to release your personal information to law enforcement agencies if we determine, in our sole judgment, that either you have violated our policies, or the release of your information may protect the rights, property or safety of MBS, you or one of our other customers.
    8. _Sharing Your Information as Permitted by Law._ We may disclose personal information when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law or protect the rights, property or safety of ourselves or others; when it is necessary to identify or contact you in connection with, bring or defend legal action against persons or entities that we believe may be causing harm to you, our company or third parties; and, when necessary, to protect or defend our rights or property.
    9. _Sharing with Affiliates and Successors._ We may share personal information with our parent, subsidiary and sister companies (collectively, "Affiliates"), and they may use such information to market to you, so long as those Affiliates comply with this Privacy Policy. We may also disclose your personal information to any actual or potential successor-in-interest of ours, such as a company that is seeking to acquire us, the website, or the business and activities carried on via the website.
    10. _Contests, Sweepstakes and Promotions._ Occasionally, we may run a promotion such as a sweepstakes or a contest (a "Promotion"), and you will be given the opportunity to enter by filling out an entry form, or in some cases, you may be automatically entered by using a designated type of credit card when placing an order in store, online or via phone. Your entry information may be shared with third parties for the limited purposes of administering the sweepstakes and selecting a winner(s) and may be used to notify you in connection with the sweepstakes or contest and to verify your identity. Some Promotions may have one or more co-sponsors, and you may also be asked upon entry to consent to receive future communications from such co-sponsors. In the event your consent is indicated, the information from your entry will be shared with the co-sponsors. IN THOSE SITUATIONS, THE THIRD PARTIES WILL HAVE THE RIGHT TO USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR THEIR OWN PURPOSES, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THEIR OWN POLICIES, AND WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR HOW CO-SPONSORS MAY USE YOUR INFORMATION. In all events, we will make it clear to you in the entry, order or registration form, before you submit it, whether you are consenting to receive information from any third party, and you will be given the opportunity to opt not to receive such information at the time you submit your entry, order or registration.
  5. ## Security of Your Information

    1. We have reasonable and appropriate physical, electronic and procedural security safeguards to protect and secure the information we collect. Nonetheless, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to or from our website, and you do so at your own risk.
    2. Our website uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), a protocol used to encrypt data during transmission over the Internet. SSL technology is the industry standard for secure online transactions.
    3. ALTHOUGH WE WILL TAKE REASONABLE SECURITY PRECAUTIONS TO PROTECT THE PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM AND STORED ON THE SITE, BECAUSE OF THE OPEN NATURE OF THE INTERNET, WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED ON OUR SERVERS, TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM A USER, OR OTHERWISE IN OUR CARE WILL BE ABSOLUTELY SAFE FROM INTRUSION BY OTHERS, SUCH AS HACKERS. ACCORDINGLY, WE DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY THEFT OR LOSS OF, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR DAMAGE TO, OR INTERCEPTION OF ANY DATA OR COMMUNICATIONS. BY USING THE WEBSITE, YOU ASSUME THESE RISKS.
  6. ## Unauthorized Access of Your Information

In the event that your personal information is accessed by an unauthorized individual, we will conduct an investigation to determine if there is a reasonable possibility that personal information has been, or will be, misused. In the event that we determine that misuse is reasonably possible, we will notify you of the unauthorized access unless a law enforcement agency believes that such notification may interfere with a criminal investigation. Notification of such an event may be given to you by e-mail, writing or telephone.

  7. ## Editing Your Personal information

Once you have provided personal information to us, we may store and maintain that information indefinitely. You may review and edit certain profile information online by logging into your account and accessing the "My Profile" or "My Account" page, where you will be able to edit your information. Additionally, you may contact us using the contact information below and we will edit or delete your information except as prohibited by law.

  8. ## Collection of Information from Children

We do not direct this website at children; we direct the website to adults that may purchase children's books and other materials. We do not seek information from children.

  9. ## International Users

Your personal information will be stored and processed on our computers in the United States of America. The laws on holding personal information in the United States of America may vary and be less stringent than laws of your state or country. For example, if you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. If you object to your personal information being transferred or used in this manner, please do not register with or use the website.

  10. ## Other Websites

Our website, or our e-mails, may link to non-MBS websites. It is also possible that non-MBS websites or e-mails may link to our website. We are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by any third-party websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these websites before transmitting any personal information.

  11. ## Do Not Track Signals

Some web browsers and devices permit you to broadcast a preference that you not be "tracked" online. At this time we do not modify your experience based upon whether such a signal is broadcast.

  12. ## Changes to the Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to modify or amend this policy at any time by posting the revised policy on our website, so we encourage you to review the policy periodically. Any material changes in how we collect, use or share your personal information will only affect the information we collect after the effective date of the change to our policy, unless we obtain your consent otherwise. 

  13. ## Questions or Comments

If you have any questions or comments concerning this Privacy Policy, please contact MBS Customer Service at <>.



