> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ar15.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151228180642id_/http%3A//www.ar15.com/content/page.html%3Fid%3D6) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy Statement

Company Information  
This is the web site of AR15.Com LLC.

Our postal address is:  
3021 Ridge Rd Suite A-72  
Rockwall, TX 75032

We can be reached via e-mail at [webmaster@ar15.com](mailto:webmaster@ar15.com)

Information Collected  
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).

We collect the e-mail addresses of those who post messages to our bulletin board, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit.

The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page and disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Web site and applicable laws, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web site.

With respect to cookies: We use cookies to ensure that visitors are not repeatedly sent the same banner ads and store a unique user id to maintain session information for your improved site experience.

Store Specific  
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.

Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.

Advertising Companies  
With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of the advertiser. (URL Will Be Posted If 3rd Party Advertising is used.)

Future Uses  
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.

Security  
With respect to security: We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.

User Protection  
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
