> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the obviousidea.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-11-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181123105341id_/http%3A//www.obviousidea.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy / Terms of Use - ObviousIdea - Image Resizer - Batch Upload

ObviousIdea is a company registered in France and respects the laws defined in France.

You can request access, change, or deletion of any information we may have on your account.

PERSONAL INFORMATION  
ObviousIdea collects basic contact information when you subscribe to our newsletter, fill in a contact form, or register for one of our products. This information will be used for administrative, identification, and statistic purposes only and will not be shared with our partners or third parties. Personal information is stored on ObviousIdea computers and is only accessed by authorized ObviousIdea personnel.  
Personal information is held by ObviousIdea in a client file. You can request access to your personal data information, ask for modification, rectification and/or deletion (article 34 of the French law “Informatique et Liberté”) by contacting: contact@obviousidea.com  
Please include your order number, email used for purchase or subscription and any information which could help us finding your record.

COOKIES  
ObviousIdea uses cookies to store your visiting and referrer information. A cookie is a small text file, stored on your computer’s hard drive, which can be read by our system when you return to our site.

GOOGLE ANALYTICS  
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to allow the website operator to analyze how users use this site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, if IP anonymisation is activated on this website, Google will reduce your IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area beforehand. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. The IP address transmitted by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website and Internet use.  
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the [Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).  
You can prevent data collection by Google Analytics by clicking here: Disable Google Analytics  
An opt-out cookie will be set, that will disable data collection on future visits to this website.

GENERAL INFORMATION  
ObviousIdea also collects general demographic information about visitors on our site. The information we collect creates a broad picture of our audience rather than focusing on specific individuals. This information is used to continually refine our products and to identify the most popular areas of our site. 

DISCUSSION AREA  
ObviousIdea hosts chat and discussion areas on our website environment. Any information divulged in this area may be observed by other people and should not be considered secure. ObviousIdea is not responsible for the actions of its visitors. We cannot be responsible for maintaining the privacy of correspondence carried on outside of our editorial environment. 

SECURE PURCHASES  
If you purchase a ObviousIdea product, personal data and credit card information is encrypted as it passes over the internet. Your credit card number is not kept or recorded by ObviousIdea or our computers – it is simply passed through to the credit card company to complete the purchase. In this respect, buying a product from ObviousIdea is similar to a credit card purchase at any store. Neither ObviousIdea nor the store keeps your credit card number on file. 

COPYRIGHT  
ObviousIdea products may only be used to create backup copies or private copies/fair use copies (if allowed by your national laws) and for no other purpose. By downloading our software you agree to use it only as permitted.  
ObviousIdea cannot be held responsible for the fraudulent use of any of its software and/or services.  
The customer/user will be held solely responsible for any acts; such as copyright infringement. ObviousIdea reminds you that you have to respect any national copyright act, such as DMCA, EUCD, TRIPs agreements or others.  
ObviousIdea cannot be held responsible for facts independent of ObviousIdea, such as but not limited to network access break, hijacking, and/or data loss.  
ObviousIdea cannot be held as liable for any use not in compliance with these general usage conditions.  
ObviousIdea cannot be held responsible for any content and/or policies of any linked web sites, in particular advertiser links.  
ObviousIdea cannot be held responsible in any way for any judicial proceedings brought against the user either directly or indirectly from using any ObviousIdea services/products  
ObviousIdea can modify these conditions without prior notice and at its sole discretion.
