> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the f9.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160316132340id_/https%3A//www.plus.net/support/service/policies/privacy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Plusnet Policies

### 1\. Who are we?

Plusnet plc is a public limited telecommunications company based in Sheffield and Leeds, providing fixed line phone, broadband, fibre optic broadband solutions and YouView TV from Plusnet to consumers and providing fixed line phone, broadband and fibre optic broadband solutions to businesses across the UK. Plusnet has been offering communication services for over 15 years - becoming a subsidiary of the BT Group in 2007. Plusnet focuses on providing great value and reliable services to its customers, and award-winning customer service at competitive prices.

When we refer to "we" or "our" or "Plusnet" we are referring to Plusnet plc. When we refer to "BT" we are referring to BT Group plc (which includes British Telecommunications plc) and its subsidiaries, or any of them, as the context requires.

[Top]

### 2\. Why do we have this policy?

We know that privacy is very important to our customers, and we want you to feel confident about the privacy and security of your personal information. We're registered under the Data Protection Act in the United Kingdom and take great care to protect your personal information from unauthorised use or disclosure.

This policy contains some important information about the personal information we hold about you, and why. When we refer to 'personal information', we mean information that identifies you (or could do so) and this includes online identifiers and other data we need to provide our services to you. We may hold and use information about you as a customer, a person acting on behalf of a business customer, or in any other role (for example, when you visit our websites).

[Top]

### 3\. What information do we collect about you?

When you browse the Plusnet website:

  * Our systems record your journey through the website, telling us where you accessed our site from, where you go on our site and how long you stay there. It also tells us the browser and operating systems you use. The reason we do this is so that we can see whether there are problems in navigation around our site and work to improve your experience. Please be assured that this data is anonymised, is not linked to you specifically, and isn't used to identify you.
  * If you participate in online chat support via the Plusnet website, a record is kept of the conversation had for training and monitoring purposes. This will include any personal information that you chose to disclose.



When you call us to enquire about our services:

  * We'll ask you for your name, address, phone number and email address, so that we can check what services we can provide you with and discuss the options with you.
  * We'll use your contact information to send you information about the available options. We'll only do this if you have agreed, and we won't retain your information otherwise.
  * We'll sometimes monitor and record calls made to our call centres about sales enquiries and calls made to you regarding your enquiry in accordance with relevant legal requirements and as part of our staff training.



When you sign up for a Plusnet account:

  * We'll ask you for your name, address, phone number, email address, and mobile number, as well as information about your YouView set top box, devices (such as mobiles, ipads etc, that are connected to your YouView account) and TV viewing cards so that we can provide you with the services you have asked for and contact you if we need to about those services or any others we think may be of interest to you.
  * We'll ask you for your debit and / or credit card information to enable us to process your payments.



When you use any of our services our networks record information to enable us to provide that service and bill you for it.

When you (or someone using your phone) make a phone call or connect to the internet using our dial-up internet service we keep a record of that call (including the number called) so we can charge for it.

Other phone service providers also give us information about calls made over our network, if we need that information for connecting calls and billing purposes.

We sometimes monitor and record calls made to our call centres about customer services and calls we make to you regarding your service or for telemarketing (marketing carried out over the phone) as part of our staff training. We do this in accordance with relevant legal requirements and also to improve how we look after our customers, including your security and how we handle complaints.

We subscribe to email and direct mail lists provided by third parties and use the information for our marketing campaigns.

When we carry out a marketing campaign, we record contact outcomes, such as if you ask for us to not contact you again.

We record and retain information about the calls you make and the websites you visit for traffic management. For more information about our traffic management see [http://www.plus.net/help/broadband/about-traffic-prioritisation](https://web.archive.org/help/broadband/about-traffic-prioritisation)

When you subscribe to YouView TV from Plusnet we may take details of the devices you use to connect to the service, channels and programmes you watch, adverts and services you access - for example how you view, record or fast forward them - so that we can provide you with personalised services. Those services could be things like viewing recommendations and tailored advertising. If you opt out of personal recommendations, you may still get general content recommendations and adverts.

We may also take steps in our network to protect you from threats from malicious domains which may attempt to infect your machine with malware associated with criminal threats. For more information please refer to our [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms).

As part of the Plusnet SafeGuard service, we will capture and store information about whether or not you have activated the service and the settings that you have selected. This is essential for the provision of the service.

We do not record details of your individual internet activity with Plusnet SafeGuard or any specific websites that might be blocked by this service. We may record anonymous and aggregated information about the websites that are blocked by Plusnet SafeGuard as a whole, for the purposes of monitoring any problems or faults with the service.

[Top]

### 4\. Cookies

We use cookies on [www.plus.net](http://www.plus.net/) to improve its performance and give you the best experience. To get the most out of our site, your computer or mobile devices (mobile phones / tablets) will need to accept cookies. We explain more about the cookies we use, why we use them and how you can turn them off in our [Cookie policy](https://web.archive.org/home-broadband/cookie-policy/).

By accessing and using our website, you're agreeing to accept cookies and the terms of our [Cookie policy](https://web.archive.org/home-broadband/cookie-policy/).

[Top]

### 5\. How do we store your personal information?

We take our legal obligations to safely store and protect your data seriously, because we want you to feel confident about using our services. We're constantly reviewing our processes and procedures to protect your personal information from unauthorised access and use, accidental loss and/or destruction.

All the information we hold about you is stored on our secure servers and is encrypted using industry standard technology, adhering strictly to all relevant UK legislation. We use encrypted transmission links for any communication which may contain customer data. Sometimes we use other organisations to process your personal information on our behalf. We don't allow them to use this information for their own commercial purposes and they have to follow our strict instructions and comply with appropriate security measures.

The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff based outside the EEA, who work for us, or for one of our suppliers. If this is the case we ensure that similar security standards apply.

Where we've given you (or where you've chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you're responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.

[Top]

### 6\. How do we use your personal information?

We'll use your personal information:

  * To provide the services you've requested;
  * To charge for the calls made from your phone line and for the other services you take from us, such as broadband.
  * To comply with our legal and regulatory obligations in connection with the provision of those services.
  * To check or confirm your identity if you call us, particularly about changes to your service or requests for billing information.
  * To carry out market research and analysis on our products and services and future developments. When we do this we'll make sure that you can't be identified. We may give the information, again making sure that you can't be identified, to certain other people or organisations.
  * To provide you with personalised services, including but not limited to viewing recommendations and tailored advertising.
  * To test our software services in pre-production environments.



We'll use your contact information:

  * To notify you about changes to our services. For example to tell you that we have upgraded the service on your line, or to tell you when new technologies (such as fibre optic broadband) are available in your area.
  * To tell you about any of our products or services which we feel may interest you, unless you tell us not to. You can opt out of receiving marketing material from us by [clicking here](https://web.archive.org/my.html?action=modifyMailOptions).



[Top]

### 7\. Who do we share your personal information with?

We sometimes use other companies to provide some of our services or to provide services to us. So that they can do this, we may need to let them process your personal information. When we do so, these companies must keep the information secure in accordance with our instructions, and must comply with the Data Protection Act 1998.

Where you ask us to we will pass your details to other companies who provide a directory service that is available to the public. If you prefer to remain ex-directory we won't give your number to these companies.

As a wholly owned subsidiary of BT, we may also share data within the BT Group, for the necessary conduct of reporting and business activities,and to let you know about other products and services you may be interested in. If you would like BT not to call or mail you with details of products, services and special offers, please call 0800 800 150 (residential customers) or 0800 400 400 (business customers).

We may provide information to the relevant authorities (in response to properly made requests) to prevent and detect crime, to prosecute offenders, and to protect national security. In all cases, we will do this in line with the Data Protection Act 1998.

We also provide information when we have to do so by law (for example, under a court order) or in response to demands that have been made lawfully under legal powers.

### 8\. How long do we keep your personal information for?

How long we keep personal information depends on how we use that information. In some cases, by law we must keep information for a minimum period. Unless the law says otherwise, we'll keep information no longer than we need to for the purposes we collected it.

[Top]

### 9\. Your rights

You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. You can do this by opting out of receiving information about products and services from us when you first sign up with us or, at any other time by [clicking here](https://web.archive.org/my.html?action=modifyMailOptions).

You have the right to know what personal information that we hold about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information please write to us at the following address:

**Subject Access Request, Plusnet, The Balance, 2 Pinfold Street, Sheffield, S1 2GU**

We want to make sure that your personal information is up to date. You may ask us to correct or remove information that you think is inaccurate subject to our legal obligations in this respect.

Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we don't accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you give any personal information to these websites.

[Top]

### 10\. Changes to your privacy policy

We keep our Privacy Policy under regular review and will place any updates on this webpage. This policy was last updated on 5th May 2015.

[Top]

### 11\. How to contact us

If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or the information we hold about you, please write to us at:

**Plusnet, The Balance, 2 Pinfold Street, Sheffield, S1 2GU**

[Top]
