> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the oc-extensions.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140629150046id_/http%3A//www.oc-extensions.com/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

oc-X ("oc-X", "oc-extensions", "oc extensions", "we", "our" or "us") owns, controls and provides access to the oc-X website, currently located at [oc-extensions.com](http://www.oc-extensions.com/) (the "Website").

At oc-X we are fully committed to respecting your privacy and to protecting any information you provide to us. We treat both privacy and security as a priority and make every effort to ensure that all the information provided by you is protected. This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") is designed to respect and protect the privacy of all visitors to the Website and is intended to inform you about the way that we treat your personal data.

The Policy explains how oc-X collects and uses information. We hope that our candor will remove any concerns you may have and will make visiting the Website a rewarding experience.

Although we endeavor to keep you up-to-date on all changes made to the Website, this Policy may be amended from time to time without notice to you. It is your responsibility to read the Policy carefully and review any changes that may have been made, of which we will notify you by updating the date at the top of this policy.

In order to use certain features of the Website, you will need to register. When registering you will be asked to provide an email address and create a username and password. You may also choose to create a more detailed profile of yourself on the Website by submitting additional personal information. Please note that even if you do not provide any additional personal information to the Website (e.g., by adding it to your user profile), if you choose a username that includes or reveals your name or any other personal information, such information may be available to other users of the Website and to the general public. For purposes of this Policy, the terms "personal information" and "personally identifiable information" shall mean all information provided during your initial registration on the Website and during your creation of a user profile, including, for example, your real name, e-mail address, postal address and other location information, your age, your gender and certain other demographic information or information that may enable online or offline contact with you.

The entry of personal data on this site is completely optional and will require you to setup an account with a password and an email address. Please choose a password that is not easy for someone else to guess, such as birthday, national identification number and phone number.

If you want to, you can also submit additional personal information (including on your profile and on message boards). Please remember that any information you submit becomes public information that can be viewed by others.

We may use the email address provided by you to contact you from time to time about the [oc-extensions.com](http://www.oc-extensions.com/) service. We won't pass your email address on to anyone to contact you directly about their own products or services. Our policy is to provide a clear and easy way for you to opt out of receiving specific types of emails.

If you choose to purchase our flash components by clicking on a third party link provided on the Website (for example, a link to PayPal.com), such third party may collect your personal details (such as your credit card number, address, etc.) for the purpose of completing a transaction. We may be provided with confirmation of your transactions with such third parties and, in some instances, such confirmation may include your personal information. Aside from such confirmations, the only information that we will collect with respect to such third party links is: (a) the number of generic oc-X users who utilized such links; and (b) the number of purchases made by these generic users.

Where you upload photographs or other content as part of your user profile, you should be aware that oc-X is entitled to use those photographs and content in accordance with our Terms of Use. oc-X discourages users from uploading photographs of friends or other people without their permission.

**2\. Record collection & location-based information**

From the moment you register, our Profile Navigation software will begin to create and maintain your data. This is accomplished by monitoring your activity on the website. All of the information that is generated by your activity on the website is fed back into Profile Navigation in order to create more and better such components.

We keep track of the domains from which people visit [oc-extensions.com](http://www.oc-extensions.com/) and your city or country in order to make statistics about the kind of our customers. Please note that we do log and use statistical information in the aggregate. For example, we know the number of users who skip a particular extensions. From this information we are able to compile statistics in the form of percentages of all users (i.e. 27% of our user's skipped extension X). We can of course compare the skipping statistics of one component to those of another component. We are also able to perform more sophisticated statistical operations based on the information collected. For example, we can determine the raw number (and associated percentages) of users who bought one particular extensions that also bought other particular extension.

We currently offer message board functionality and in the future we may offer other interactive features.

Please note that all personal information you display or communicate using such functionality becomes public information and we are not responsible for any information you choose to make public. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor such traffic via electronic software or otherwise in order to check for obscenity, defamation or abusive language, which we reserve the right to remove at any time. In addition, if you choose to personally communicate or meet with any other oc-X user by exchanging postal/email addresses, telephone numbers or otherwise via the interactive functionality of oc-X, you do so at your own risk. oc-X cannot be held responsible for any consequences, which flow from your decision to communicate or interact with other oc-X users in places or under circumstances, which we do not control.

We advise you to use extreme caution whenever you post information, socialize or interact with people whom you have met via the Internet.

In order to ensure that oc-X is functioning at its best, from time to time we may ask you to upgrade to a newer version of our software. In addition, we may find it necessary to send you automatic fixes or support files. If we make a modification that materially affects your privacy, we will endeavor to notify you of such modification and we will update this Privacy Policy accordingly.

[oc-extensions.com](http://www.oc-extensions.com/) endeavors to protect the security of your information as much as we endeavor to protect our own information and network. We store all of our files and information on terminals, which require password access.

You should never disclose your account password to unauthorized people. We use certain security measures to help keep your personal information safe, but we cannot guarantee that these measures will stop any users try to get around the privacy or security settings on the Website through unforeseen and/or illegal activity. Consequently, you acknowledge that there are circumstances in which unauthorized persons may access your personal information.

If [oc-extensions.com](http://www.oc-extensions.com/) is acquired by another company or sells all or a portion of its assets to another company, or in the event of a merger, it is likely that user information will be a part of the assets transferred. If as a result of such a business transition information is to be collected, used or disclosed in a manner or for a purpose different from that stated above, oc-X would endeavor to notify all users of such changes beforehand.

By disclosing any information to oc-X through the Website and by using the Website as a registered user, you are consenting to the collection, storage and use of your personal information by oc-X as set out in this Policy and the Terms and Conditions, and you understand and consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information in and out of Romania. If you do not consent to the collection, maintenance, processing and transfer of such information in and out of Romania, then you should not use the Website as a registered user, which means that many features will be unavailable to you, including purchasing flash components

When you give your personally identifiable information to oc-X, it may be used by oc-X and its direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries for the purposes of, for example, providing you services and sending you correspondence, and additionally may be transferred to entities other than oc-X's affiliates. Each of these countries has different privacy laws that afford varying levels of protection for your personally identifiable information, and such laws may not be as comprehensive as those that exist in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). By registering with [oc-extensions.com](http://www.oc-extensions.com/), you consent to oc-X's and its direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries' transmission to, and processing of your information in, any jurisdiction, in accordance with its Privacy Policy.

**8\. Changes to the Privacy Policy**

If oc-X makes any changes to this Policy these changes will be detailed on this page in order to ensure that you are fully aware of what information is collected, how it is used and under what circumstances it will be disclosed. If you are concerned about how your information is collected, used or disclosed, you should periodically check back at this page. If you have any specific concerns not addressed in the Policy, please contact us at [support@oc-extensions.com](mailto:support@oc-extensions.com).

If you decide that you do not want your personal information to be used in the way described in this Policy, you can send us a notice that you wish to withdraw your consent as set out above. Because oc-X community relies on users sharing information, withdrawing your consent will mean that you are not able to receive the full benefits of oc-X service as a user. Additionally, if you do not provide your consent, or if you withdraw your consent, you should not use the Website as a registered user, which means that many features will be unavailable to you.
