> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bithoven.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190629124814id_/https%3A//bithoven.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Bithoven.com

### I. Scope and definitions

Bithoven.com (hereinafter also referred to as “we” or “Bithoven” or “Bithoven.com”) is the website (and its subpages) or “platform” where you can exchange cryptocurrencies. The following Privacy Policy statement explains the nature, scope and purposes of collection, processing and use of personal data and other confidential information by Bithoven.com on our website and subpages. This Privacy Policy is an integral part of Terms of Use you are to agree when registering on Bithoven.com. If there are discrepancies between this Privacy Policy and the terms and conditions of any agreements concluded between the client and Bithoven.com, the terms of such agreements shall prevail. This Privacy Policy informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you enter and/or use the Bithoven.com services and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide services and improve Bithoven.com. By using Bithoven.com, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance herewith. 

#### Definitions:

Service or “Bithoven.com” -   
All the services the www.bithoven.com website provides including visiting/registering/etc. 

Personal Data -   
Personal Data means any information about a living individual who can be identified by this information (or from other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession). 

Usage Data -   
Usage Data is data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the service or from the service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). 

Cookies -   
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device). 

Data Controller -   
Data Controller means the natural or legal person who determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information is, or is to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are the Data Controller of your Personal Data. 

Data Processors (or Service Providers) -   
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various service providers in order to process your data more efficiently. 

Data Subject (or User/Customer) -   
Data Subject is any living individual who uses our service and is the subject of personal data. 

### II. Information collection and use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide services and improve Bithoven.com for you. Types of data collected: 

##### Personal Data

While using Bithoven.com, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("personal data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to: 

  * Email address and other contact information;

  * First Name and Last Name;

  * Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City;

  * Cookies and Usage Data;

  * ID document, photos sent by you, etc.;

  * Financial and transactional information. It includes the names of your chosen financial institutions, the number of bank accounts, balance information, trading history, point of sale details, wallet addresses, etc.;

  * Identity information. It includes facial image and any other data that can be found in your ID documents and thus used to prove your identity;

  * Authentication information. This is information that can be used to authenticate your identity on Bithoven.com such as username, password, and other account information;

  * Shared information. You may share your personal information such as family details, life goals and events with us in the course of our cooperation;

  * Other information described in Terms of Use or other legal documents.




##### Usage Data

We may also collect information how Bithoven.com is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This usage data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, device information, browser version, the pages of our service that you visit, time and date of your visit, time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data, behavioral information. Just like cookies, this information is used to make our services more client-oriented. It includes the number and duration of your visits to Bithoven.com, the ways you interacted with ads and other content on the trading platform.

##### Tracking & Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Bithoven.com and hold certain information. Cookies are the files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. To collect and track information and to improve and analyze the Bithoven.com services, we also use the following tracking technologies, namely: beacons, tags, and scripts. You can set up your browser to decline all cookies or to indicate when cookies are being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of Bithoven.com. Examples of Cookies we use: Session Cookies ꟷ We use Session Cookies to operate Bithoven.com; Preference Cookies ꟷ We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings; Security Cookies ꟷ We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

### III. Use of data

Bithoven.com uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * To provide and maintain Bithoven.com;

  * To notify you about changes introduced to Bithoven.com;

  * To allow you to participate in interactive features of Bithoven.com when you choose to do so;

  * To provide Customer Care Team service;

  * To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve Bithoven.com;

  * To monitor the usage of Bithoven.com;

  * To detect, prevent and address technical issues;

  * To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer and that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information;

  * To fulfil the legal obligations.




### IV. Legal basis for processing personal data under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are or your IP address is from the European Economic Area (EEA), Bithoven.com's legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.

Bithoven.com may process your personal data because:

  * We need to perform a contract with you;

  * You have given us permission to do so;

  * The processing is in our legitimate interests and it is not overridden by your rights;

  * To comply with the law.




### V. Retention of data

Bithoven.com will retain your personal data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your personal data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

Bithoven.com will also retain usage data for internal analysis purposes. Usage data is generally retained for a short period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obliged to retain this data for longer time periods. By registering on Bithoven.com you are giving a consent for us to retain your personal data. 

### VI. Transfer of data

Your information, including personal data, may be transferred to ꟷ and maintained on ꟷ computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction. Please note that we may transfer the data, including personal data, outside your jurisdiction (including outside the EU if it is your jurisdiction) and process it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. Bithoven.com will take all reasonable measures to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance herewith and no transfer of your personal data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. 

### VII. Disclosure of data

Legal Requirements

Bithoven.com may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary:

  * To comply with a legal obligation;

  * To protect and defend the rights or property of Bithoven.com or its customers;

  * To prevent or investigate any possible wrongdoing in connection with Bithoven.com;

  * To protect the personal safety of users of Bithoven.com or the public;

  * To protect against legal liability.




### VIII. Security of data

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### IX. "Do Not Track" signals under California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA)

We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.

You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.

### X. Your data protection rights under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Bithoven.com aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your personal data. However, we imply the same rights to all our users from any jurisdiction.

If you wish to be informed what your personal data we hold and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us. We will do our best to do so as soon as possible unless it is currently not possible due to Services provided to you at Bithoven.com. In this case, we will fulfil your request after all the obligations under such Services are fulfilled.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

  * The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. Whenever is possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your personal data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you;

  * The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete;

  * The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your personal data;

  * The right of restriction. You have the right to request us to restrict the processing of your personal information;

  * The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format;

  * The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Bithoven.com relied on your consent to process your personal information (with the exceptions mentioned in Terms of Use).




Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your personal data. For more information, please contact your local Data Protection Authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

### XI. Service providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate Bithoven.com (hereinafter referred to as the "Service Providers"), to provide Bithoven.com on our behalf, to perform Bithoven.com-related services or to assist us in analyzing how Bithoven.com is used. These third parties have access to your personal data to the extent of performance of these tasks on our behalf and are obliged not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

### XII. Links to other sites

Bithoven.com may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

### XIII. Children's privacy

Bithoven.com does not address anyone under the age of 18 (hereinafter referred to as “Child” or "Children"). We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or a guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected personal data from children without verification of parental consent, we take measures to remove that information from our servers.

### XIV. Establishing contact with us and with other users

Bithoven.com enables you to establish a contact with us. It is possible, for example, by sending an email to us, or any message via the permitted message service (according to Terms of Use). The information you provide when contacting us is stored to process the request and, where appropriate, for the subsequent correspondence.

We do not disclose your personal information to any other Bithoven.com users unless it is necessary. You agree that, in the course of operating Bithoven.com account, it may be required to send to other users, as the case may be, certain transactional information (for example, a unique identifier, your ask/bid info, asset details etc.); but not your First Name and Last Name, ZIP/Postal address, or payment details. We will not be liable for any use or misuse of the transactional data by others, but you must inform us of any misuse of Bithoven.com that you have become aware of.

You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Bithoven.com users. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor disputes between you and other users.

### XV. Registration function

You can register as a user of our Bithoven.com service on the relevant website pages. The received data will be used in operation of our Bithoven.com service, as well as to inform you about changes in the scope of our Bithoven.com services, or any technical changes or for other messages (via email). Registration includes the entry of the following data:

  * Email address;

  * Password;

  * AML/KYC Policy information and documents which may be requested during and after the registration, such as Gender, First Name, Last Name, address, ID document, photos, etc. See AML/KYC Policy for more information.




Besides, the IP address used for registration, as well as the date of the registration, are stored in order to prevent the abuse of registration. By adding information from social networking profiles for Bithoven.com registration, we receive information from the social network (Profile ID, First Name, Last Name, other data according to terms and conditions of social networks). You agree with processing of your social networking information during registration.

### XVI. Access data/server log files

Details of your visit to our website are stored in a log file (the so-called "Server Log File"). We collect (or our internet provider servers) the following data on each access to our Bithoven.com:

  * IP address of the accessing computer;

  * Name of the file requested;

  * Date and time of the request;

  * Amount of data transmitted;

  * Notification of successful request;

  * Browser type and version along with the operating system used;

  * Referrer URL;

  * Requesting Provider;

  * Screen resolution.




The log data is used by us only for statistical analysis in the context of operation of Bithoven.com. In case of illegal use of our service, the log data also may serve as a resolution in the eventuality of any violation of the law.

### XVII. Service messages

There are some messages (hereinafter referred to as the "Service Messages") that we will send you if necessary. These service messages may be sent via email, post or text message (according to the addresses and directions provided by you during the registration), and shall include notifications about your transaction; information about your balance and account status; information on updates and other information regarding the use of Bithoven.com. From time to time we may also send you advertisements and other information about our services, or services of our partners.

### XVIII. Monitoring and recording

We may monitor, record, store and use any telephone, email or other communication with you to check any instructions given to us, for instructional purposes, crime prevention, and in order to improve the quality of our Customer Care service.

### XIX. Consent

By registering as a user of Bithoven.com, you consent to the terms of Privacy Policy without any exclusions or reservations.
