> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bitrad.io privacy policy that was archived on 2018-11-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181102023538id_/https%3A//bitrad.io/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Listen to music around the world and earn cryptocurrency

With privacy statement we will inform you of the nature, scope and purpose of the collection and use of personal data and the services provided on the website Bitrad.io. 

### 1\. Data Controller

The Operator has created a database of audio streams, bundled audio content, music titles, links and editorial content as well as software with a user interface that enables the User to access the database using search functions and graphic displays. 

### 2\. Personal Data

Personal data are any information concerning the personal or material circumstances of an identified or identifiable individual such as name, address, postal address, e-mail address, phone number and IP-address. We only store your mailaddress and IP address. 

### 3\. Audio Service

While you are using our audio service we will automatically save information to our server log files, which is transmitted to us by your browser. This information includes the type of browser, the IP-address, your current radio station request, as well as the date and time of each action. These data are saved for statistical purposes. We do not use this information to create a personal profile. 

### 4\. Login/Register

Some of our services (e.g. payouts or saving your favorites) require prior registration and login. In the course of registration we collect and store the following personal data: a user name selected by you, your e-mail address, your payout wallet address and a password. 

### 5\. Profile

As a registered user you are able to create your favorite list of radio stations, which can be retrieved via your profile to quickly access your favorite radio stations. You can change or delete this information as well as the list of favorites in your profile at any time. You have also the possibility to delete your account. All data will be deleted. Pleas contact us via our contact form. 

### 6\. Support Function

If you require support, you may directly request it by clicking on the link “Contact” from the footer. To answer your question we require your e-mail address. We will use the e-mail address given to us. 

### Cookies

In some areas of our website we collect and store certain information in the form of so-called “cookies”. Cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer. You can easily prevent the use of cookies by deactivating the acceptance of cookies in the settings of your browser. If you choose to accept cookies, we will collect data within the cookies on your hard drive and will retrieve this information during later use of our website when using the same computer and web browser. This facilitates your use of our services and allows us to better understand the behaviour of our users and to be able to offer them contents as well as services designed to meet their expectations. 

### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. (“Google“). Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies“, text files, which are saved on your computer and which enable an analysis of your use of our website to be made. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this website is regularly transmitted to and stored on a Google server in the USA. In case of an activation of the IP-anonymization on this website, your IP-address will be shortened by Google beforehand within the member states of the European Union or in other contracting states according to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. The complete IP-address will only be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and shortened there in exceptional cases. Google will use this information on our behalf to analyze your use of the website, to compile reports on website activities and to provide us with further services connected to the use of the website and to the use of the internet. The IP-address which was transmitted by your browser within the framework of Google Analytics will not be merged with other Google data. 

You can prevent the saving of cookies by setting your browser-software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that if you decide to do so, you may not be able to use all functions of this website to the full extent. Furthermore, you can prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of the website (including your IP-address) as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available under the following link: tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. 

### Google Adsense

If Google Adsense, a web advertisement service of Google Inc., USA (“Google”), places advertisements (text ads, banners etc.) on this website, your browser may store a cookie sent by Google Inc. or by a third party. The information stored in the cookie can be recorded, collected and analyzed by Google Inc. or by third parties. Additionally, Google Adsense also uses so-called “web beacons” (small invisible images) for the collection of information. By using these web beacons simple actions such as user traffic on the website can be recorded, collected and analyzed. The information generated by the cookie and/or web beacon regarding your use of this website is transmitted and stored to a Google server in the USA. Google uses the obtained information to carry out an evaluation of your user behaviour with regard to the Adsense advertisements. Google may also transfer this information to third parties, provided that this is legally mandatory or that third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Google will not connect your IP-address to other data stored by Google. You can prevent the collection and storage of cookies on your hard drive as well as the display of web beacons. In order to do so you must select “do not accept cookies” in your browser settings (in Internet Explorer go to “Extras / Internet Options / Data Protection / Settings”, in Firefox go to “Extras / Settings / Data Protection / Cookies”). 

### Transfer to Third Parties

A transfer of personal data to third parties will only take place as far as we are obliged to transfer the collected data due to an official or court order or if the transfer has been legitimized by applicable legal provisions. 

### Your Rights

With regard to personal data you have the rights of information, correction and deletion granted by the German Federal Data Protection Act. 

### 7\. FAQ Privacy

### What personal data do we collect?

The following lists each type of personal data we collect, and the reason that we collect it. 

### Email Address, Username and Password

Your email address, username and password are collected at the point of signup when you create an account. As far as Personal Data is concerned, these 3 are the most "personal" pieces of data that we collect from you. These are required to be collected in order to allow you to operate your account on our website. 

### Internet Protocol Address (IP)

Your IP address is a piece of Personal Data which, when combined with the correct authority and access to your Internet Service Provider, can be used as an identifiable piece of data. Oh, but do not worry! We don't have the authority to request such data from your ISP, but we are obligated to let you know that we collect it. 

Most actions that you perform on our website will result in us logging the IP address that performed the action. 

### Forum Posts, Chatbox Messages, Support Tickets & News Comments

When you make use of these services you provide us with data which is potentially personally identifiable. This is done at your own discretion and is not a required part of using our services. We also do not know exactly what is and what is not personally identifable in the text that you choose to share, so we politely request that you do not post anything which you believe can be used to personally identify you as an individual. This will get us off the hook for being responsible for collecting such data! 

### What other non-identifiable data do we collect?

Other than Personal Data, we collect some non-identifiable data either directly from you or generated by other data that is provided by you or your actions on our partner's sites. 

### Usage history from services rendered

Externally recieved payouts on your account as a response from using faucets or apps Cryptocurrency wallet addresses Details about your web browser such as User Agent and compressed collection of active features and other local settings and plugins How do you use the data that's collected? We use your data mainly to provide you with the services that we offer, which includes improving them and potenitally personalising your experience. 

### Providing Services

The main use of the data we collect from you is to provide you with the service that you request. Each time you perform an action or request a page from our website, this results in the processing of your personal and non-identifiable data and personalisation of your user experience. Often these products will require further non-personal data to be entered into them to allow them to function. This can result in the generatation of subset data which is linked to your account and stored for as long as required to continue operating and providing the services. 

Based on your activity we may automatically personalise and tailor your user experience. 

### Communication

We only use your email address for communication, and mostly for service-specific events such as confirming a withdraw, resetting your password, logging in via Two-Factor Authentication, or submitting a support ticket. Almost all of these emails will be personalised for your viewing. We do not spam and at this time do not send out any marketing materials or newsletters. We'll be sure to get you to opt-in to any such content if we decide to introduce it in the future. 

### Anti-Fraud

Your IP address, browser data, activity, username, email address and wallet addresses may be used as part of our Anti-Fraud system for attempting to link multiple accounts together and detect behaviours which we believe to be fraudulant in nature. 

### Advertisement

At this time, we do not use any of your data, personal or non-identifiable, for use with personalling Advertisements. All advertising content is selected by the 3rd party advertisement companies at their own discretion and under their own ruleset. 

### Customer Support

In order to provide you resolutions to your Support Tickets, we use any data that we collected or generated for use with solving the queries outlined in your Support Tickets. 

### Internal Business Operation

As part of running the website we use your data to develop analytical events, historical logs of activity, and pending and processed requests related to the services we offer. This data is collected and processed and is required for us to properly operate the website, make informed and useful decisions for the future growth of the website, and to ensure the safety and security of the website and it's content and collected data. 

### Publication

As part of providing the forum, chatbox and news comments system we will use the data you provide while using those services for the sole use of publication for other users to see and read in order to participate in discussions and become informed. 

### Improvement of services

We use generated analytics and historical logs for the purpose of assessing and improving the functionality, security, performance and user experience for the various services we offer. For example we look at automatically generated error reports for the purpose of resolving bugs in the software, and we aggregate Support Ticket topics to find out the most requested areas for changes or improvements. 

### Is any of my data being sold?

Absolutely not, and we don't ever plan to do it! However, as part of the Premium Subscription we allow the Faucet List to be accessed and used via an API. This data does contain the name of your faucets and your username, along with non-identifiable information and generated statistics about your faucet owner's website or app activity on our platform. 

### What control do I have over my personal data?

At this time, you can control your collected Personal Data and opt-out of collection by deleting your account. Please login into your Account. On your profile Page you are able to delete your account. All data will be deleted. 

### Further Information

If you have further questions feel free to contact us. 

Status: May 2018 
