> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ziggs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051215153323id_/http%3A//ziggs.com/about/nsPrivacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Ziggs - Privacy Statement

Privacy Statement

Overview   
Ziggs, Inc. (“Ziggs”) is committed to respecting the privacy of our users. Ziggs strives to provide a safe and secure user experience. This Privacy Statement sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to the web site located at www.ziggs.com (the “Site”). By using the Site, you consent to the policies and practices described in this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement, do not use the Site.

The Site may contain links to web sites of both our affiliated and non-affiliated entities, including access to content, products and services of such affiliated and non-affiliated entities, over which Ziggs has no control (“Other Sites”). In some cases, these Other Sites may have the same (or a similar) look and feel as our Site and therefore may appear to be part of our Site. However, whenever you choose to access Other Sites or non-Ziggs content via the Ziggs Site, a separate browser window will launch and you will leave the Ziggs Site. Ziggs is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of Other web sites to which you choose to link from the Site. Ziggs encourages you to review the privacy policies of those other web sites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information. This Privacy Statement applies solely to the Information (as defined below in the paragraph titled “Collection and Retention of Information”) collected on the Site, and does not apply to information Ziggs collects in any other fashion. 

[](http://www.truste.org/ivalidate.php?url=www.ziggs.com&sealid=101)Ziggs is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to build user’s trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. This privacy statement covers the site http://www.ziggs.com. Because this Web site wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, it has agreed to disclose its information practices and have its privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe. 

If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Ziggs [Customer Support](mailto:support@ziggs.com). If you do not receive acknowledgement of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily address, you should contact [TRUSTe](http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php). TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison with us to resolve your concerns. 

Collection and Retention of Information   
In some areas of the Site, Ziggs requests or may request that you provide personal information, which may include your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card number, contact information, billing information and any other information from which your identity is discernible (“Personal Information”). Unless you provide it to us voluntarily, Ziggs does not collect Personal Information about you. In other areas, Ziggs collects or may collect demographic information that is not unique to you such as your postal code, age, preferences, gender, interests and favorites (“Demographic Information”). Sometimes Ziggs collects or may collect a combination of the two types of information. Ziggs also gathers or may gather certain information about your use of our Site (such as what areas you visit and what services you access) and information about your computer hardware and software, including without limitation your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring web site addresses (“Usage Information” and together with Demographic Information, “Non-Personal Information”). The Personal Information and Non-Personal Information we collect and/or that you voluntarily provide on the Site will be referred to in this Privacy Statement collectively as “Information.” 

Ziggs may sometimes afford you the opportunity to provide descriptive, cultural, behavioral, preferential and/or lifestyle information about yourself which may include Personal Information, but it is solely up to you whether you furnish such information. 

Remember that if you provide any of your Personal Information to Ziggs for posting in areas of the Site that may be publicly viewed or viewed by registered members of the Site, such Personal Information may be collected and used by others over whom Ziggs has no control. Except as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Statement, Ziggs is not responsible for the use made by third parties of Information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of the Site. 

You can correct or update your Ziggs account profile at any time. Moreover, you can delete your background, contact, and Personal Information from our online database or close your Ziggs account at any time, in which event Ziggs will remove all copies of your Personal Information and your Ziggs account profile information, except for an archival copy, which will not be publicly accessible. 

Use of Information by Ziggs   
Ziggs uses the Information gathered on the Site, whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purpose of operating and improving the Site, fostering a positive user experience, and delivering our products and services to you. Ziggs may also use the Information gathered to inform you of other products or services available from Ziggs, or to contact you about your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered. 

Ziggs may use your Personal Information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates at the Site, such as new Ziggs opportunities and additional listings which may be of interest to you. The nature and frequency of these messages will vary depending upon the Personal Information you have provided to us and the preferences you have chosen. In addition, at the time of registration for Ziggs, you have the option to elect to receive additional communications, information and promotions including, without limitation, free informational newsletters from Ziggs relating to topics that may be of special interest to you. 

User Feedback   
Ziggs is pleased to hear from users and welcomes your comments regarding the Site in our feedback area of the Site. Please be advised, however, that Ziggs and its employees do not accept or consider unsolicited ideas, including ideas for new products or technologies, processes, materials, marketing plans, or new product names. Please do not send your unsolicited ideas or any original materials to Ziggs or anyone at Ziggs. If, despite this request, you still send Ziggs your ideas and original materials, please understand that by submitting such information through this Site, you assign Ziggs, free of charge, all worldwide rights, title and interest in all copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the information or materials you submit. We will be entitled to use any such information and materials for any purpose whatsoever without restriction and without compensating you in any way, and by submitting any such information and materials, you represent to Ziggs that you have the right to do so. 

Disclosure of Information to Others   
Ziggs does not disclose to third parties your Personal Information, except as set forth in the following four subparagraphs. 

| 1. | Ziggs may disclose such Personal Information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure. For example, if you provide any of your Personal Information to Ziggs for posting in areas of the Site that may be publicly viewed or viewed by registered members of the Site, Ziggs will disclose your Personal Information to third parties who conduct searches on or through the Site or the Ziggs Services.  
---|---  
2. | Ziggs may disclose your Personal Information to companies and individuals it employs to perform services on its behalf that are necessary for operation of the Site and the Ziggs Services, including hosting Ziggs’ web servers, analyzing data, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. When we disclose your Personal Information to these persons, it is subject to agreements that require these companies and individuals to process your Personal Information only on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Statement and appropriate confidentiality and security measures.  
3. | Ziggs may disclose your Personal Information if legally required to do so, if requested to do so by a governmental entity or if Ziggs believes in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect the rights, safety or property of Ziggs, its affiliates, service providers, Ziggs’ users or the public, or (c) prevent a crime or protect national security.  
4. | Ziggs may disclose and transfer your Personal Information to a third party who acquires all or a substantial portion of Ziggs’ business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, liquidation, dissolution, consolidation or sale of all or a substantial portion of our business, trade or assets. In addition, in the event Ziggs becomes the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, Ziggs or its trustee in bankruptcy may sell, license or otherwise dispose of your Personal Information in a transaction approved by the bankruptcy court. Subject to your election to opt out as described below, by using this Site, you consent to the sale and transfer of your Personal Information as described in this paragraph.  
  
Ziggs may also share Non-Personal Information about Site visitors to its clients, partners and other third parties so that they may understand the kinds of visitors who visit our Site and how those visitors use the Site. 

The Personal Information that you submit via this Site is stored on servers in the USA. The storage on servers in the USA is necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement. If you are located in another jurisdiction, you should be aware that once your Personal Information is submitted, it will be transferred to our servers in the USA using secure encryption-based transmission services, and that the USA currently does not have uniform data protection laws in place. 

Subject to your opt-out choices and all of the provisions contained in this Privacy Statement, you hereby consent to the collection, processing and transfer by Ziggs of your Personal Information for the purposes described under this Privacy Statement, including but not limited to the transfer of such Personal Information between Ziggs and its third party service providers and affiliates in accordance with this Privacy Statement. Your consent to our right to transfer Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Statement includes consent to the transfer of your Personal Information to jurisdictions that may have different levels of privacy protection than that available to you under your local law. 

Use of Cookies   
Ziggs uses "cookies" to help personalize and maximize your online experience, and facilitate your time online. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard drive by a web page server. Cookies are uniquely assigned to your computer, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. 

One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Ziggs pages, or register for services, a cookie helps Ziggs to recall your specific Information (such as user name, password and preferences). Because of Ziggs’ use of cookies, Ziggs can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized Site experience. This means however that we do link personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. When you return to the Site, the Information you previously provided can be retrieved with the use of cookies, so you can easily use the features that you customized. Ziggs also uses cookies to track click streams and for load balancing. 

You may have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline all cookies if you prefer. Alternatively, you may be able to modify your browser setting to notify you each time a cookie is tendered and permit you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis. If you choose to decline cookies, however, that may hinder performance and negatively impact your experience on the Site. 

Use of Web Beacons   
Ziggs web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) that allow Ziggs to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. Web beacons are not used to access your Personal Information; they are a technique used to compile aggregated statistics about Site usage. 

Web beacons collect only a limited set of information, including a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides. 

Updating Your Information   
You may review, correct, update or change your Personal Information at any time. Simply log into your Ziggs account, go to your Account Profile, review your account information and, if you wish, edit it with the options provided. Click [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20051215153323id_/http%3A//ziggs.com/login.aspx) to access your Account Profile page. You may also send an email to support@ziggs.com. 

You may opt-out of receiving communications from Ziggs concerning other products or services available from Ziggs, or your opinion of current products and services or potential new products and services that may be offered (except for communications necessary for your use of or our operation of the Site) by editing your Account Profile as described above. If you previously opted not to receive such communications, you may later opt-in by editing your Account Profile or sending an email to support@ziggs.com. In the event you opt-out, we may retain your e-mail address and share your e-mail address with our third party service providers, for the purpose of honoring your request to opt-out of receiving such communications from us or our third party service providers on our behalf. 

Security   
Ziggs has implemented reasonable technical and organizational measures, reasonably appropriate to the nature of the data concerned, which are designed to secure your Personal Information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure. However, Ziggs cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your Personal Information for improper purposes. 

When you place an order online at Ziggs, your credit card information is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") protocol. SSL makes it difficult for your credit card information to be intercepted or stolen while being transmitted. Ziggs uses a third party service provider to process its credit card transactions. For further information on this company's privacy and security practices, please click [here](http://www.verisign.com/Privacy/index.html). 

Children   
Ziggs is not intended for children under 18 years of age. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 18. If we become aware that a user under the age of 18 has registered or is attempting to register on the Site, we will notify the user that he or she is not eligible for registration. We will then delete any related Personal Information from our records. 

Changes to Privacy Statement   
We will post any material changes to this Privacy Statement at least thirty (30) days prior to the changes taking effect. If we do make material changes to this Privacy Statement that affect our treatment of your Personal Information, we will provide you with e-mail notice and a choice to opt in under the terms of the revised Privacy Statement. After the changes take effect, all newly collected Personal Information will be subject to the terms of the revised Privacy Statement (“Revised Privacy Statement”) and all previously collected Personal Information will be handled in accordance with your response to our opt-in notice (in accordance with the Revised Privacy Statement if you opt in and in accordance with the previous Privacy Statement if you do not opt in). If at any time, you have questions or concerns about the Ziggs Privacy Statement, please feel free to email Ziggs at [support@ziggs.com](mailto:support@ziggs.com) or call (877) MY-ZIGGS (877-699-4447) and speak to one of the Ziggs representatives. 

Contact Information   
Ziggs, is a Delaware corporation with its principal place of business at 420 Boylston Street, Boston, MA 02116. Ziggs is the legal entity which determines the purposes and means of processing the Information gathered at the Site. 

Ziggs welcomes your comments concerning this Privacy Statement. If you have comments or questions concerting this Privacy Statement, please contact Ziggs by e-mail at [support@ziggs.com](mailto:support@ziggs.com) or by calling (877) MY-ZIGGS (877-699-4447). Thank you for using ziggs.com. 

Your use of our Site is subject to and contingent upon your agreement with our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20051215153323id_/http%3A//ziggs.com/about/nsTermsOfUse.aspx), which are hereby incorporated by reference. 

Except as described in this notice, and subject to your choices, Ziggs will not use your Personal Information for any other purpose unless we first obtain your express authorization. 

Last Updated July 25, 2005. 
