> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the onforce.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-10-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061021100732id_/http%3A//www.onforce.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# OnForce - The Marketplace for Computer Repair Services, IT Rollouts & Technology Installations

| 

OnForce has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. This Privacy Agreement is hereby incorporated in our Terms and Conditions of Use and by registering for our service, you accept the terms of this Privacy Agreement. 

  1. **Notification of Changes**  
We may update this Privacy Agreement from time to time as our services change and expand. If we update this Privacy Agreement, we will post the updated Agreement on this page. Unless otherwise provided below, the revised terms will take effect when they are posted. Once any changes that we make to this Privacy Agreement become effective, your continued use of the Site after such time will signify your acceptance of the new terms. If we are going to use your Personally Identifiable Information, as defined below, in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying Users of the change. In some cases when we post the notice we will also email Users who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices. 
  2. **This Site contains links to other sites**  
OnForce is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other web sites to which the site links or which link to the site. By clicking on a link, logo or other item, please note that you may no longer be on the OnForce site. To check what Internet location you are on, note the URL at the top and/or bottom of your browser. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement of that web site whenever interacting with any site. 
  3. **Information We Gather During Registration**  
If you register to buy or sell services using OnForce, we collect and store information that specifically identifies you or your account ("Personally Identifiable Information"). At this time, the most information you would be required to submit is information about your computer skills, abilities to perform computer service work, your first name, last name, password, street address, city, state, zip/postal code, country, and email address. Service Buyers and Service Providers wishing to pay for various fees or service retainers via credit card are also required to enter a valid credit card number and name as it appears on the credit card. Other information requested on our registration page, including the ability to receive promotional offers from OnForce, is optional. We may, in the future, include other optional requests for information from you, to help us to tailor the site for you and deliver personalized information to you. We may supplement our information with additional information purchased from third parties for marketing purposes. Credit card information will be transmitted via SSL encryption for your protection. 
  4. **Buyer Command Center, Work Order Management System & Online Office**  
These areas of the site are for the benefit of Users. The private and shared areas of the site help to facilitate communication and the exchange and sharing of information between Service Buyers and Service Providers once a work order has been created and accepted. The information contained in work orders is accessible by OnForce, the contracting Service Buyer and the contracting Service Provider. OnForce may use non-Personally Identifiable Information from a work order (e.g., the scope of work or spend limit) for statistical analysis, product development, marketing, and research. OnForce reserves the right to monitor communications throughout our site, and if we believe that a User is violating any of our agreements; international, federal or state laws; and/or our stated policies, we may terminate such usage. 
  5. **Affiliates**  
If you sign up under one of the OnForce affiliate or referral programs, you will be required to provide: a User ID, a password, email address, city, state, country and zip/postal code. The referral program requests the User ID of a referrer and your phone number as optional information. The affiliate program will also require a contact name, phone number, street address, phone number, tax classification and, for US Affiliates only, your Social Security Number for tax purposes. It further requests the URL of your web site, the number of registered Users on your site, and a brief general description of your site. We will use this information for our own internal purposes, including evaluating and developing new features that better meet the needs of our affiliates. We will use the email address that you provide to us to contact you regarding the status of your affiliate or referral program account and we will use the address that you provide to us to send you any payments owed to you under the terms of the affiliate or referral programs. 
  6. **Online Surveys and Contests**  
Occasionally OnForce conducts an online user survey to collect information about our Users' preferences. These surveys are optional and if you choose to respond, your responses will be kept anonymous. Similarly, we may offer contests to qualifying Users in which we ask for contact and demographic information such as name, email address and mailing address. None of this information is shared with third parties, except in summary form, if at all. The demographic information that OnForce collects in the registration process and through online surveys is used to help us improve our services to meet the needs and preferences of our Users. This may include targeting advertising to you about our services. Information we gather through a contest may also be disclosed to third parties as necessary for prize fulfillment and other aspects of any contest or similar offering. 
  7. **The OnForce Payment System**  
OnForce offers a payment system that allows Service Buyers and Service Providers to pay with a credit card. (the "Payment System"). If you make use of this service, OnForce will collect your credit card number and/or other entered financial institution information and will use that information to bill your membership fee and/or to perform the billing operation on behalf of the Service Provider, including but not limited to the use and disclosure of such credit card number and information to third parties as necessary to complete such billing operation. Verification of credit information, however, is accomplished solely by the User through the PIN authentication process. 
  8. **Automatically Gathered Information**  
OnForce automatically collects your browser type and browser software version to tailor the presentation of the services to your platform and to maintain a record of your activity on the site. OnForce uses cookies to enable Users to specify unique preferences and to track User trends and patterns. Users always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences. If you disable cookies on your browser, please note that some parts of our site may not function as effectively or may be considerably slower. As an automatic process, our web server software records a log file of IP addresses that access the Site. We also collect IP address information but do not ordinarily link IP addresses to Users' Personally Identifiable Information. However, we can and will use IP addresses to identify a User when we, in our sole discretion, determine that it is necessary to enforce compliance with our various policies or to protect our service, site, customers or others. 
  9. **Email to Friends Feature and Referral Program**  
OnForce offers the ability to send friends emails about providing or purchasing services through OnForce. If you choose to use this feature, be assured that OnForce only uses your friends' email addresses on a one-time basis to send the requested posting and we use your email address to copy you on the message or to send on your behalf. 
  10. **Service Provider Profile**  
As part of registration, you may set up your Online Office describing your computer experience, rates and qualifications. Some of the information requested in the Online Office registration is mandatory. If you decide to offer your services through OnForce, potential Service Buyers will look to your Online Office to help them decide whether to make use of your services. 
  11. **How We Use Registration Information**  
We use Personally Identifiable Information for our own internal purposes including contacting you via email to inform you about updates to our services and providing you with information relating to e-commerce transactions that you conduct on the site. We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law. We do not rent or sell our Users' Personally Identifiable Information to third parties. We do, however, provide you with the opportunity to receive communications via email. If you decide to opt-in to receive newsletters, you may opt out of receiving these newsletters at any time by modifying the Preferences section of your profile or sending a message to [unsubscribeonforce.com](https://web.archive.org/noharvestmailto.php?email=hafhofpevornmcdbjvqxnapwsvryxnfws.3vqw.qees.f33.pbz.betbasbepr.pbz "Send an email"). 
  12. **Use of General Data**  
OnForce reserves the right to use the general data it obtains from Users' use of the system, including all statistical information. You acknowledge that such data belongs to OnForce and that OnForce shall have the right to use such data as it determines in its sole discretion. 
  13. **Advertising**  
We may send you email communications including information that we may think may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving these email communications either when you register to become a Member, via the Preferences section of your profile, or by sending a message to [unsubscribeonforce.com](https://web.archive.org/noharvestmailto.php?email=hafhofpevornmcdbjvqxnapwsvryxnfws.3vqw.qees.f33.pbz.betbasbepr.pbz "Send an email") . We do not send any of your Personally Identifiable Information to our advertisers. You may see a cookie from a third-party banner server, and this cookie comes from the third-party banner server, not OnForce. Again, we do not pass along any Personally Identifiable Information to this party. 
  14. **Co-Branded Services**  
OnForce enters into co-branding relationships with third-party web sites and companies to provide products and services to our Users. OnForce may share your Personally Identifiable Information, including User ID and password, with certain co-branded third-party service or product providers as required to provide a specific product or service that you request from a co-branded page or co-branded site. However, these third-party partners may not use this Personally Identifiable Information for any reason other than to provide the service or product that the user has explicitly signed up for. If you join OnForce through a co-branded site (e.g., on a co-branded registration page), it is OnForce's general policy not to share anything other than summarized or aggregated data with the partner; however, any Personally Identifiable Information you provide may also be received by the co-branded site and could be stored and used by the co-branded service or product provider according to their privacy policy. Please take the time to review these third-party privacy policies. 
  15. **Third Party Intermediaries**  
We use an outside credit card processing company to bill Users for retainers and services. We believe these companies do not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. 
  16. **Service Providers**  
Work orders created on OnForce are completed by third-party Service Providers. We share the email addresses of Users once a project is awarded on our site to enable work on the project to be completed. These third party Service Providers are not allowed to use Personally Identifiable Information except for the purpose of providing these services. 
  17. **Comments Submitted by Users**  
OnForce constantly seeks to improve the quality of the services we provide and the user experience on the site. We value your input and encourage you to help us expand and make improvements to the Site by providing us with any thoughts or comments you might have regarding our services or the operation of the site. You can submit any comments you have to us by clicking on the comment link. When sending us comments we may receive your email address or User ID and the country in which you are located. This information is optional. If you provide this information, we will only use it to acknowledge or respond to your comments. Submitting comments via an email will not cause you to receive any secondary or promotional material, unless specifically requested by you. In certain circumstances, we may ask for your permission to post your comments in marketing or promotional materials. 
  18. **Security**  
We will use commercially reasonable methods to keep Personally Identifiable Information securely in our files and systems. Our Payment System is operated using secure Internet connections, using SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption, to help protect your financial data. Please note that with current technology, we cannot guarantee the security of your data as it travels over the Internet. 
  19. **Terminating Your Membership**  
We save your Personally Identifiable Information until your membership with us is terminated. To terminate membership, contact OnForce Customer Service as indicated on our contact page. If you terminate your membership, your Personally Identifiable Information cannot be recovered and you may continue to receive email communications for a short period of time until we have updated all of our databases. After termination of your membership, your Personally Identifiable Information may remain on our archived database and records for a reasonable time as residual information. We will not use this residual information. Notwithstanding the above, we will maintain information on Users who have been removed for violating any of our agreements. 
  20. **Correcting/Updating Your Information and Opting Out**  
This Site gives the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. 
    1. You may update your registration information using the appropriate tools in the OnForce navigation bar.
    2. You may update your credit card information using the appropriate page, on the site.
  
For other requests, please contact [supportonforce.com](https://web.archive.org/noharvestmailto.php?email=fhccbegnmcdbjvqxnapwsvryxnfws.3vqw.qees.f33.pbz.betbasbepr.pbz "Send an email"). 
  21. **Legal Disclaimer**  
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information when required by law when we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process. 
  22. **Contacting Us**  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Agreement or the practices of this Site, you may contact us at OnForce Support or write to our office. 

| 

## Register as an OnForce Buyer

Gain immediate access to 10,000+ highly-qualified service providers. Rollouts. Installations. Upgrades. Break-fix work. Free to join.

[](https://web.archive.org/view/buyers/section/signup)  


## Become an OnForce Provider

We have built America's largest marketplace for IT services. Access work orders from thousands of buyers. Free to join.

[](https://web.archive.org/view/providers/section/signup)  


## Explore the Marketplace

Experience The Power of ON for yourself. Search our database for real-world providers and completed work orders by location and keyword.

[](https://web.archive.org/action/marketplace)  
  
  
---|---|---
