> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gaytimes.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141221135928id_/http%3A//www.gaytimes.co.uk/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

## CUSTOMER PRIVACY POLICY

This Customer Privacy Policy governs the collection and use of personal information relating to potential and existing customers of MILLIVRES PROWLER LTD. by the company and its partners and affiliates within the Millivres Prowler Group. For further details of the Millivres Prowler Group of companies see: [http://www.millivres.co.uk](http://www.millivres.co.uk/)

MILLIVRES PROWLER LTD. is committed to abiding by this Customer Privacy Policy, as well as the requirements of applicable laws, in the operation of its business. Please read this policy carefully as it explains the kinds of personal information we collect about you and how it is handled.

For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controller is MILLIVRES PROWLER LTD., Unit M, Spectrum House, 32-34 Gordon House Road, London NW5 1LP

By your continued use of our services (including our web sites), you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by MILLIVRES PROWLER LTD. Information for the purposes set out in this Customer Privacy Policy.

## COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

We will generally let you know at the time of collection how we intend to use your personal information. Usually, we collect personal information about you which we require to respond to your inquires, for payment processing and for the provision of goods and services to you. We also process your personal information where we are required to do so by law, and for the exercise or defence of legal claims. From time to time, we may contact you for research purposes, or to tell you about our special offers and other services in accordance with your contact preferences. Where appropriate, we will obtain your consent to do so. Personal information collected from you may include your name, payment processing information, postal address, email address, landline or mobile telephone number, delivery details as well as other non sensitive personal information. If you use our web sites, we may also collect information about you or your computer when you browse to allow you to use the services available.

## WEBSITE USAGE & COOKIES

If you are using our web sites, we will in relation to our mail order sites, use your personal information to help you to log on to your account and into restricted areas of our web sites and to permit future use of the web sites. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, or to administer our web sites. We may conduct analyses of user traffic to measure the use of our sites and to improve the content of our web sites and our services. These analyses will be performed through the use of IP addresses and cookies. We may also use cookies to enable the signing in process after you have registered with us and to provide you with more tailored information when you return to our web sites. A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance. If you reject the use of cookies please note that the efficient operation of the web site that you are using may be affected. Most of the advertisements that you see on the web sites are generated by third parties who may use cookies to track viewing of their advertisements and for other purposes specified in their own privacy policies. We have no access to or control over these cookies (although we may use statistical information provided to us – not containing personal information – arising from these third party cookies to improve the targeting of advertisements to you and other users of the web sites). You can obtain further information about third party privacy policies or disable their cookies by visiting their web sites.

**Advertising & Affiliate Cookies – updated 4 May 2012**

Our websites use cookies placed by our advertising management system provider AdTech, to improve advertiser reporting and trafficking results (for example browser type, time an ad was delivered, type of operating system). AdTech never collects personal data without explicit approval. For more information on their policy and how to opt-out of their cookies visit [www.adtech.com/cookie_opt-out/](http://www.adtech.com/cookie_opt-out/)

We also host adverts from the Guardian’s Diveristy Network ([www.guardian.co.uk/help/privacy-policy](http://www.guardian.co.uk/help/privacy-policy)). The Guardian use an American Trust-e certified market information company for tracking. More details on their cookie usage can be found at [www.rubiconproject.com/privacy-policy](http://www.rubiconproject.com/privacy-policy). 

We also use other 3rd party affilate cookies such as Skimlinks. (See below)

If you want to know more about what cookies are and how they can be used visit [www.aboutcookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/) or [www.youronlinechoices.eu](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/)

## THIRD PARTY

We will only disclose personal information about you to third parties for processing purposes associated with payment processing, the supply of goods and services, for web site administration, or elsewhere when you have consented to such disclosures, or where such disclosures are required or permitted by law. These third parties we contractually bound only to use personal information to perform the services that we hire them to provide. Unless you have indicated that we may not do so, we may lease or rent your personal information to selected third parties for their e-mail, postal or telephone marketing use.

## TRANSFER OF DATA

In the unlikely event that data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”), we will take measures to ensure that personal information transferred by us outside of the EEA is adequately protected in line with the 1998 Data Protection Act. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.

## VIRTUAL PRODUCTS

In the case of your use of one of our virtual products e.g. mobile apps, digital issues etc, we may pass the personal information you provided to us to 3rd parties. Generally this will be via a process whereby you, as the user, visit or interact with a 3rd party. However, in some instances our virtual products are sponsored and, in such cases the data you provided to us will be given to the sponsor. Generally we will let you know at the time of collection if a product is sponsored.

If you wish to change your contact preferences with an individual exhibitor/sponsor, please follow their own unsubscribe request details. Unsubscribing to the MILLIVRES PROWLER LTD. will stop MILLIVRES PROWLER LTD. from contacting you in the future, but not the individual 3rd parties whom you have interacted with.

We take your contact preferences very seriously. If you would prefer for your details not to be passed to any 3rd parties as laid out in this section, you are advised not to register for the virtual product.

## EMAIL CAPTURE

MILLIVRES PROWLER LTD may send regular updates about this brand and other relevant MILLIVRES PROWLER LTD. products and services. Your email address will not be given to 3rd parties except where outlined in the privacy policy. By providing your email address you consent to being contacted for direct marketing purposes by MILLIVRES PROWLER LTD.

## MOBILE PHONE CAPTURE

MILLIVRES PROWLER LTD. may from time to time contact you about this brand and other relevant MILLIVRES PROWLER LTD. products and services. By providing your mobile number you consent to being contacted for direct marketing purposes via voice calls or SMS by MILLIVRES PROWLER LTD., unless you state otherwise. 

## SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

We use administrative, technical, and physical measures to safeguard personal information against loss, theft and unauthorised uses, access or modifications. Certain areas of our web sites may be password protected. If you are a user of our web sites and have a password, you can help to preserve your privacy by ensuring that you do not share your password with anyone else.

Payments made via our web sites are processed in a secure environment using software provided by other reputable third party providers.

We take steps to regularly validate the personal information we hold to ensure that the information is accurate and, where necessary, up to date. Information that is no longer required for any valid business purpose, and that we are not required to keep pursuant to any applicable law, will be routinely destroyed by secure means.

## MAKING AUTOMATED DECISIONS

We do not ordinarily use personal information for the purposes of automated decision making. However, we may do so in order to fulfill compelling obligations imposed by law, in which case we will inform of any such processing and provide you with an opportunity to object.

## ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION

You may access, renew and update personal information that we hold about you by contacting us as detailed below.

## SKIM LINKS

This site earns revenue using Skimlinks. In the interests of disclosure and ethics, we want to be open about how we make money from our site. Besides display advertising and other paid sponsorships, we also sometimes get paid a commission if you purchase a product or service that we link to in our content. We want to be clear that our reviews are driven entirely by our editorial staff based on what we think. We use Skimlinks to help us automate the process of linking to products, especially as it distances our editorial staff from creating affiliate links themselves.

## CONTACTING US

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or no longer wish to receive anything from Millivres Prowler Ltd. or have your data made available to 3rd parties, you can email us at [kim@millivres.co.uk](mailto:kim@millivres.co.uk) or write to Kim Watson, MILLIVRES PROWLER LTD., Unit M, Spectrum House, 32-34 Gordon House Road, London NW5 1LP

## CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY

Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail.

Please review our privacy policy on a regular basis to make sure you have read the latest version and you understand what we do with your personal information. Your continued use of our services or our web sites following the posting of changes to these terms means that you consent to those changes.

### This version of the privacy policy is effective as of 1st May 2011.
