> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ezdownloadpro.info privacy policy that was archived on 2013-08-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130805171837id_/http%3A//ezdownloadpro.info/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy

## General

Ezdownloader website (the "Site") and the software available herein such as "plugin" software (the "Plugin"). This Privacy policy applies to your use of the Site, Plugin, or any of our services (the "Services") and is part of our Service Agreement available at Ezdownloader In this Privacy Policy we explain the type of information we collect through our Site, Plugin and Services, and what We do with such information. If you choose to download the Plugin or use our Site or any of our Services, you will be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to any of the terms herein do not use our Site our Plugin or any of our Services. One feature of the plugin that may be enabled for you is displaying relevant coupons, deals, and special offers. When you visit a website of a merchant or affiliate store that participates in the coupon program, the plugin is designed to recognize the website to determine whether there are coupons, deals, or special offers available. If there are applicable coupons, deals, or special offers available, it will make all reasonable business efforts to display an alert with the coupons, unless the website has opted out. You may then click on the alert displayed to see all specific coupons, deals, and special offers found as you browse the website. The plugin is an optional application and you can always choose whether to use it or not as part of your browsing experience. You can remove or disable the application at any time. When the plugin recognizes that the end user has visited a partner site it will show all available offers for that partner in a slider visible in the top right hand portion of the browser. Clicking on any of the offers within the slider will result in a redirect that will drop affiliate cookies on to the end user computer and resolve the end user to the advertiser page/offer. 

## Data Collection

We may collect certain information about your web usage and websites you have visited, which may be shared with third parties and used for advertising. NOTE: THE PLUGIN AND OTHER SERVICES COLLECT AND STORES INFORMATION CONCERNING THE WEB PAGES YOU VISIT AND YOUR ACTIVITY ON THOSE PAGES, SUCH AS IMPRESSIONS, CLICKS AND SEARCH TERMS. IN SOME CASES, INFORMATION COLLECTED BY THE PLUGIN AND OTHER SERVICES MAY BE PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE, AND IN SOME CASES INFORMATION (INCLUDING INFORMATION FROM OR ABOUT PAGES OF SOCIAL MEDIA WEBSITES YOU VISIT) MAY BE USED OR SHARED WITH THIRD PARTIES FOR PURPOSES OF DISPLAYING TARGETED ADVERTISEMENTS PROMOTIONAL AND MARKETING MATERIAL TO YOU. 

## Data Usage

Information we collect from you may be used in any of the following ways: To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs). To improve our Plugin and other Services (we continually strive to improve our application offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you). To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support your needs). To process transactions. To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other Site features. To send periodic emails (the email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.). 

## Cookies

We use cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology), which are comprised of data that often include certain identifier modules. Our Site send this data to your browser when you request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that site. These technologies may be used to collect and store information about your usage our Services, and other services such as search queries you have run, pages you have visited, advertisements you have seen and links you have clicked. We may also use cookies, and other technologies, intended among others, to relate your use of services to personal information obtained from you or any third party and to measure the effectiveness and to personalize our services. 

## Third Party Collection

Third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you (“Third Parties”), may send (or “serve”) advertisements directly to your browser, from our Site, our Plugin or any of our Service, and from other websites and automatically receive your IP address when this happens. Such Third Parties may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), tracking technologies as specified above and other technologies, intended among others, to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices. We may also release your information when we believe that such release is necessary in order to: (a) protect or defend any of our legal rights (including enforcement of agreements that we have interest in) or property, our affiliated companies or their employees, agents and contractors; (b) comply with applicable law, legal process or enforce our site policies. (c) protect the safety and security of users of our Site and any of our Services or members of the public; or (d) protect against fraud or carry out our risk management procedures. If we sell all or part of our business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, we may transfer all information mentioned herein to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of such transaction. Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. 

## Right to Peruse information

Under the Israeli Protection of Privacy Law, 5741-1981, every individual is entitled, whether himself or through a proxy so authorized in writing or through his/her legal guardian, to peruse information pertaining to him/herself that is stored in a database. Having perused such information and found it to be inaccurate, incomplete, unclear or out of date, such a person may contact the database owner and request to correct, amend or delete the data in question. Had the database owner refused to permit access or comply with a request to amend or delete information, the applicant may appeal to a magistrate’s court as stipulated by applicable regulations. Moreover, should the information contained in the database be used for purposes of personally soliciting you, based on your affiliation to any population group as determined according to one or more attributes of people whose names are included in the database (“solicitation for commercial purposes”), the Protection of Privacy Law, 5741-1981, entitles you to submit a written request that such information pertaining to you be deleted from the database. In such a case, the website management will delete any information required for solicitation for commercial purposes as stated above.Please note that deleting such information might prevent you from continuing to receive services from us. 

## Third party links

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our Site or via our other Service. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties, and once you leave our site or services via a link, enable a third party service, or click an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party site. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites. 

## Variations

We reserve the right to revise and amend this privacy policy from time to time and any revised version will be deemed to be applicable from the first date of publication on this Site. 

© Copyright 2012 EzDownloader.pro. All Rights Reserved.
