> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the patheos.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101229193657id_/http%3A//www.patheos.com/Privacy-Policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Faith, Religion, and Spirituality | Patheos

This Privacy Policy is a part of the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/Terms-of-Use.html)[ ](http://www.patheos.com/Terms-of-Use.html)and forms a part of the legal agreement you have with Patheos (also referred to below as "us," "we" or "our") concerning your use of our Site. Any term that is not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning set forth in our Terms of Use. This Privacy Policy is intended to inform and notify you about our policies concerning the use of information we collect, maintain and use in connection with your use of our Site, whether or not you register to become a Member.

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, because even if you do not register or become a Member, by using our Site, using, downloading or installing any related software, services, and/or content available from or through our Site (or attempting to do any of these) it means that you agree to be bound by and comply with this Privacy Policy and our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/Terms-of-Use.html). In general, you can visit or browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself.

 **Changes to this Privacy Policy:** We have the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time by posting an updated version on our Site, without advance notice to you. The changes shall be effective to you immediately upon posting. We encourage you to check this Privacy Policy often so you are and remain aware of the terms and conditions that apply to you.

 **Personal Information/Postings:** We respect the privacy needs and concerns of Site users. We are committed to protecting our users' privacy and keeping Personal Information you share with us through the use of our Site secure. However, you understand, acknowledge and agree that we do not and cannot control your Member Content, including Postings, nor are or shall we be liable if you post or make any information, including Member Content, available to others on our Site or otherwise. When we use the term "Personal Information" we mean information such as your first/middle initial or name and last name, street address, town or city, state, zip code, telephone number, your date of birth, email address, gender, wireless or mobile number, phone number and any other information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you that you provide to us. Personal Information also includes information about your personal preferences, survey responses, and your transactions and interactions with us, if you are or have been a Member or you have provided this type of information to us.   
****

**True and Current Information:** If and when you do provide Personal Information, you are required to provide true, current, complete and accurate Personal Information and we have the right to cancel, terminate and/or revoke your right to use our Site, your status as a Member and delete any entry you make, if we have reason to believe information you provide to us is or may be false, fraudulent, inconsistent with this Privacy Policy or in violation of the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/Terms-of-Use.html). Your use and continued use of our Site indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and of the collection, use, disclosure, maintenance, management and storage of your Personal Information as described herein.

 **Who May Use our Site:** Our Site is not intended or designed to attract users under the age of 13. Only people age 13 or older are permitted to register as a Member. People under the age of 13 may browse our Site for educational and informational purposes, but are not allowed access to Member exclusive features such as creating a Member profile, participating in forums or chat rooms, or posting reviews. If you are under 13, do not send us or make available any Personal Information and do not attempt to register as a Member on our Site. Parents and guardians are asked to instruct their children under age 13 not to provide any Personal Information, including through the "contact us" link on our Site. Parents and guardians are asked to instruct their children under age 18 not to register or attempt to register to become a Member.

Our Site is intended for users located primarily in the United States. Users from other countries are advised to use common sense when disclosing Personal Information to our Site. By sending us Personal Information you consent to the application of U.S. law and to the use and disclosure of your information consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you are located outside of the U.S. and you use or attempt to use our Site, you do so at your own risk and you are responsible for compliance with all applicable local, national laws rules and regulations and, if applicable, international treaties, that apply to you and you are also deemed to have consented to the collection, storage, processing and use of your Personal Information in the United States.

 **Information Collected and Used by our Site.** Our Site will only collect Personal Information which you knowingly and voluntarily provide. We may use Personal Information to authenticate Members and to send notifications to our Members relating to the Service. Our Site also collects other Personal Information, including, but not limited to: personal interests, gender, age, education and occupation in order to assist Members in finding and communicating with each other and in order to customize offers and target communications to our Members. The Personal Information you supply allows us and/or our third party service providers to respond to your requests and to provide a variety of services on or associated with the Site.

Our Site also logs information which, in itself, does not personally identify you, including IP address, aggregate user data (which will not contain any Personal Information as it relates to a single visitor), browser type, and similar technical information regarding your computer, network and browser. This data is used to manage our Site, track usage and improve the Site. We may share this information with third-parties to provide more relevant services, tools, resources, Content and advertisements to Members, as well as for operational purposes. User and Member IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes.

The profiles of our Members, including Members' pictures and screen names are displayed to other Members in order to facilitate Member interaction among Members on our Site. Members' full names and email addresses are never directly revealed to other Members by us. Members can also communicate with other Members through the Site without disclosing email addresses.

We may use Members' email addresses to send updates regarding the Site. Users may choose not to receive email of this type by clicking on the "SafeUnsubscribe" link in received emails and choosing the "Yes, unsubscribe me from ALL mailings." option on the unsubscribe page.

From time to time we or a third party may sponsor a survey, promotion, sweepstakes or contest on our Site. You will generally need to be a Member to participate and you may be asked to provide certain Personal Information in order to do so. You will be notified at the time your Personal Information is requested and collected during your participation as to which entity is collecting the Personal Information. Information you provide to or for a third party, even if provided to us simultaneously (for example, in a joint promotion) is governed by their privacy policies and practices not ours and you should inquire about their policies and practices so you are aware of and agree to the manner in which they handle and treat any Personal Information you make available to them. We may also share your information with our business or promotional partners, with a subsequent entity that acquires or is merged with our business or with creditors and we may share Personal Information to certain advertising partners from which you have explicitly requested to receive information. We reserve the right to transfer Personal Information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of our Site or substantially all of its assets to that successor in interest.

In addition, we may from time to time, transfer or merge your Personal Information collected online to our offline databases. We may also combine Personal Information we collect online with information available from other sources, including information received from our advertisers and promotional partners. This Privacy Policy remains applicable to your Personal Information for as long as your Personal Information is in our possession, even if you terminate or discontinue your use of our Site and you acknowledge and agree you will be bound by its terms.

 **Use of Cookies by our Site and by Third Party Advertisers.** Our Site uses cookies to store visitors' preferences and record session information, for purposes including ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements and to customize Content based on browser type and user profile information. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any Personal Information you submit while on our Site. You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set -- each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences -- however, you must enable cookies from our Site in order to use most functions on our Site.   
Advertisements appearing on our Site may be delivered to users and Members by a third party advertiser. Such third party advertisers may use cookies that allow the advertiser's server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, the third party advertiser's servers may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked on. This information allows a third party advertiser to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. **Please note that this Privacy Policy only covers the use of cookies by us on our Site and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers or third parties, even if an advertisement appears on our Site.**

 **Links.** Our Site may provide links to other Web sites or resources. These links are for your convenience only and are not under our control. You acknowledge and agree that Patheos is not responsible for such external Web sites or resources, and neither Patheos nor our Site endorses any such Web site, its use or contents and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such Web sites or resources. You agree that neither Patheos nor our Site shall be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage, viruses or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with your use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on such external Web sites or resources. In the event you decide to access or use any of these other Web sites or resources, you agree you do so at your own risk.

 **Safety Tips.** Our Site makes it easy to express yourself, connect with friends and make new ones, but please remember that what you post could embarrass you or expose you to danger. Here are some common sense guidelines that you should follow when using our Site and the Public Areas on our Site:

• Don't forget that your profile and the Site's forums are public spaces. Don't provide Member Content to others or post anything you wouldn't want the world to know (e.g., your phone number, address, IM screen name, or specific whereabouts). Avoid posting anything that would make it easy for a stranger (or anyone else you may not want) to find you.   
• If you feel someone's behavior is inappropriate, illegal or offensive, react. Report it to our Site or the authorities.   
• Don't mislead people into thinking that you're older or younger or are someone you are not.   
• Don't get hooked by a phishing scam. Phishing is a method commonly used by criminals to obtain personal information, such as your username and password, by pretending to be a Web site or a company that you trust.

You agree that neither Patheos nor our Site shall be responsible or liable, either directly or indirectly, for Member Content you provide or make available or any thing you post or of the consequences of your actions. In the event you decide to reveal information about yourself or others that may expose you to danger or any harm you do so at your own risk.

  
 **Marketing & Contact Preferences/Opt-out /Updating or Removing Information.** At various points during the Member registration process, you may be asked to indicate your willingness to allow us to communicate with you, share Personal Information collected online with third parties that are not related to our Site, or receive updates or notifications regarding the Site. We will honor your preferences, except as necessary to communicate with you regarding our Terms of Use, including this Privacy Policy, transactions or your Member profile, Member Content, postings or for customer service purposes (e.g., in response to your inquiries). At any time, however, you may (a) stop the receipt of a promotional email by clicking on an "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in any promotional emails we send you, (b) change your email preferences, (c) remove yourself from our email promotional mailing list, or (d) opt out of further disclosures of your Personal Information to third parties, in each case by contacting us at: [CustomerService@patheos.com](mailto:CustomerService@patheos.com?subject=Marketing%20Preferences). Please allow Patheos a reasonable time to modify your preferences.

Members may also modify certain elements of their preferences and modify/edit their personal information by logging in to the MyPath section of the site and modifying the fields in the Profile section.  
Security. We maintain reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Personal Information and while no data transmission which is wireless or mobile or over the Internet is completely secure, we have and will continue to use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the protection of your Personal Information. Unfortunately, no Internet transaction is 100% secure, but we attempt to take reasonable measures to protect your Personal Information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction. However, the Site cannot insure or warrant the security of that information.

Member accounts on our Site are secured by Member-created passwords. Our Site takes precautions to insure that Member account information is kept private. We restrict access to Member information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff.

SSL, an industry standard, is a proven coding system that lets your browser automatically encrypt, or scramble, data before you send it to us. Since any information you provide to us on the Site will be transmitted using a secure connection, if your Web browser cannot support this level of security, you will not be able to make a purchase on our Site. The most recent versions of Safari, Firefox and Internet Explorer® can support a secure connection and can be downloaded for free from the Apple, Mozilla and Microsoft website respectively.

 **Sharing and Disclosure of Information our Site Collects**. We have the rights to use any information you voluntarily submit to us. Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose Personal Information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary: (1) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant, request from law enforcement or other legal process received by our Site, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to enforce our Site's Terms of Use or to protect our rights; (3) to protect the safety of the public, our personnel, users of the Site, Members and/or others; and/or (4) as disclosed or notified to you, whether in our Terms of Use, including, this Privacy Policy, or otherwise on or in connection with your use of our Site.

 **Contacting the Site or Patheos.** If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: [CustomerService@patheos.com](mailto:CustomerService@patheos.com?subject=General%20Inquiry).
