> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the patronbase.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150602033020id_/http%3A//www.patronbase.com/info/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | PatronBase

Your privacy is important to us at PatronBase Limited and we want to be sure that you understand the terms and conditions relating to the way in which we collect information and the use of that information. This Privacy Policy in accordance with the Privacy Act 1993, tells you what information we collect, what we do with it and your rights to view, correct or change it.  
The Office of the Privacy Commissioner (http://www.privacy.org.nz) provides further details of the New Zealand Privacy Act and how it protects personal information in New Zealand.

**THE INFORMATION THAT WE COLLECT**  
As part of our operations at PatronBase Limited we may gather certain types of information from our users and other individuals with whom we connect:  
Personally Identifiable Information  
This is provided by you when you register for services that we may offer. Examples of these services include our email communications or provision of downloaded material such as Case Studies. Providing this information will always be optional for you. However, some services may not be available to you if you choose not to provide it.

**AGGREGATED DATA**  
This information is generated by our systems as they track traffic through our website.  This information does not identify you personally and is not linked to the personally identifiable information that you may have provided.

**WHO WE MAY SHARE THIS INFORMATION WITH**  
We will not share the information that we collect with any third parties.  
The information may be hosted with a service provider. Our agreements with them protect the information that we collect from any use by them that we have not authorised. The aggregated data (not the personally identifiable information) may be shared with third parties such as business partners.

**WHAT ELSE WE DO WITH THE PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION**  
We have collected this information in order to provide the best possible service to you. To this end we may use the information that you provide for the following purposes:  
• To verify your identity if you need help with a forgotten password or you are having login problems with one of our site services.  
• To contact you regarding provision of any services we offer.  
• To help provide any other services that you have requested.  
• To offer the most relevant information suitable to you and your interests.  
• For any marketing, promotional, publicity, direct marketing or market research that we might undertake.  
• For any other purposes for which you have given permission.

**COOKIES**  
A cookie is a small file that resides on your computer and is recognised by our server when you visit our website. A cookie does not provide us with any personally identifiable information. It does provide details of your Internet Provider (IP) address, the computer platform that you use (eg Mac or Windows), the browser that you use (eg Microsoft Explorer or FireFox) and what domain you are accessing our sites from. With this information we can do the following:  
• Track traffic patterns to our site.  
• Ensure that the most relevant content is being shown.  
• Allow you to enter certain site member services without having to log in each time you visit.  
If you would rather we did not use cookies with you, you can refuse them by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You will still be able to visit our website but some of its functionality may be impaired.

**OPTING IN AND OPTING OUT**  
You will always have the option to opt in to certain services and to opt out of those services at any stage. This means you may change your mind at any stage about participating in any of our services.

**CAN WE CHANGE THIS POLICY?**  
In order to reflect the fact that our business is growing constantly, we reserve the right to change this policy at any time. We will notify site users of any changes to the Privacy Policy.

**YOUR RIGHT TO ACCESS YOUR INFORMATION**  
The New Zealand Privacy Act of 1993 gives you the right to access and correct the information we hold about you. To find out more about how to do this, please contact us.

[**info@patronbase.com**](mailto:info@patronbase.com)
