> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iseeme.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150613130433id_/http%3A//www.iseeme.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

_This site is hosted by Yahoo! Store. Yahoo! hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate. If you accessed this store through Yahoo! Shopping, Yahoo! also automatically collects information about your shopping experience. Please see the[Yahoo! Privacy Policy](http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/details.html) for more information about how Yahoo! uses this information._

At I See Me! Inc., we take our customers' privacy and security very seriously. We use your information to provide the services you request and inform you of I See Me! offers and promotions. We share information we collect with our service providers to the extent necessary to help us fulfill your order and provide support in bringing you the products and services we offer. Our providers are under contractual responsibility to safeguard your information and use it only for the specifically authorized purpose. We may also share your contact information with select companies with whom we have partnered to offer co-branded products. They may contact you with communications from their companies. Those communications will include directions to opt out of further communications if you wish.

If you have provided us your email address, we'll get back to you with timely special offers. To opt out, please send your request to customerservice@iseeme.com. We store your purchasing history, which we may use to enrich our product offerings or customize your buying experience.

Third-Party Web Beacons: We use third-party web beacons from Yahoo! to help analyze where visitors go and what they do while visiting our website. Yahoo! may also use anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to improve its products and services and provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by Yahoo!, [click here](http://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/opt_out/targeting/details.html).

We partner with FetchBack to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our website. FetchBack may use cookies or web beacons to collect non‐personally identifiable information such as IP Address, pages viewed, and whether a conversion occurred during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. To learn more about this “behavioral advertising” practice or to opt‐out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org.
