> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the crosschannelmojo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-03-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120314095043id_/http%3A//www.crosschannelmojo.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cross-Channel Mojo - Revolutionary Lead Capture, Marketing, Sales Automation and Training by the Makers of Traffic Geyser and Mike Koenigs

Welcome to www.CrossChannelMOJO.com (the "Site"). Wherever this Privacy Policy refers to "you", "your", "user", or "visitor", it means "you", while "we" or "our" refers to VoiceFollowUp, LLC dba Instant Customer ("IC"). We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site, especially when conducting business. This statement governs our privacy policies regarding those users of the Site ("Visitors") who visit without transacting business, and also for Visitors who register to transact business on the Site ("Authorized Customers") and who make use of the various services (collectively, "Services") offered by IC. What is Personally Identifiable Information? Personally Identifiable Information refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, financial profiles, Social Security number, and credit card information. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information that is not connected to an identified individual. What Personally Identifiable Information is collected? We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect the following additional information from our Authorized Customers: bill to and ship to names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses and credit card information needed to authorize purchases and transact payments for products and services. What organizations are collecting the information? In addition to our direct collection of information, our third party service vendors (such as credit card companies, clearinghouses and banks) who may provide such services as credit, insurance, and escrow services may collect this information from our Visitors and Authorized Customers. We do not control how these third parties use such information, but we do ask them to disclose how they use personal information provided to them from Visitors and Authorized Customers. Some of these third parties may be intermediaries that act solely as links in the distribution chain, and do not store, retain, or use the information given to them. How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information? We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site, to make appropriate service offerings, and to fulfill buying and selling requests on the Site. We may email Visitors and Authorized Customers about research or purchase and selling opportunities on the Site or information related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact Visitors and Authorized Customers in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information. With whom may the information may be shared? Personally Identifiable Information about Authorized Customers may be shared only with other Authorized third party service vendors for purposes of completing transactions that you have ordered or requested. We may also share personally identifiable information about Authorized Customers with our other companies that are under common ownership in order to offer you related products or services that may be of interest to you. We may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our Visitors and Authorized Customers, with our affiliated agencies and third party vendors. We also offer the opportunity to "opt out" of receiving information or being contacted by us or by any agency acting on our behalf. How is Personally Identifiable Information stored? Personally Identifiable Information collected by www.CrossChannelMOJO.com is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of www.CrossChannelMOJO.com except for use as indicated above. What Choices are Available to Visitors Regarding Collection, Use and Distribution of the Information? Visitors and Authorized Customers may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us and/or our vendors and affiliated agencies by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us at help@CrossChannelMOJO.com. This email address is being protected from spam bots, which means you need Javascript enabled to view it. Are Cookies Used on the Site? Cookies are used for a variety of reasons. We use Cookies to obtain information about the preferences of our Visitors and the services they select. We also use Cookies for security purposes to protect our Authorized Customers. For example, if an Authorized Customer is logged on and the site is unused for more than 10 minutes, we will automatically log the Authorized Customer off. Is Remarketing Used on the Site? CrossChannelMOJO.com utilizes cookies and web beacons in the delivery of display advertisements to our users on various sites across the Internet. The following is an illustration of how that process works: A person visits our website. Our cookies and/or web beacons are running on our site and identify the person as a visitor to our site. CrossChannelMOJO.com and/or its ad technology partners begin locating this exact person across the web within seconds of their visiting our site. When this person is found by their cookie and/or web beacon CrossChannelMOJO.com and/or our ad technology partners serve ads to that person. CrossChannelMOJO.com will know the following: the set of people cookied and/or beaconed for each webpage; whether said persons viewed the ad and if the person clicked on the advertisement upon viewing. This type of information is used in reporting; and can in no way be used to identify a specific person or user of our service. This data will never be shared with third parties or used to display ads for others without explicit written How do www.CrossChannelMOJO.com Use Login Information? www.CrossChannelMOJO.com uses login information, including, but not limited to, IP addresses, ISPs, and browser types, to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user's movement and use, and gather broad demographic information. What Partners or Service Providers Have Access to Personally Identifiable Information from Visitors and/or Authorized Customers on the Site? www.CrossChannelMOJO.com has entered into and may continue to enter into relationships with authorized third party vendors for transaction processing, tax accounting and other financial services. Such vendors may have access to certain Personally Identifiable Information on a need to know basis in the course of performing their services. Our privacy policy does not cover their exposure to this information. Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information to Comply with Law We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors and Authorized Customers. How Does the Site Keep Personally Identifiable Information Secure? All of our employees are familiar with our security policy and practices. The Personally Identifiable Information of our Visitors and Authorized Customers is only accessible to a limited number of qualified employees who are given a password in order to gain access to the information. Sensitive information, such as credit card numbers or social security numbers, is protected by encryption protocols, in place to protect information sent over the Internet. While we take commercially reasonable measures to maintain a secure site, electronic communications and databases are subject to errors, tampering and break-ins, and we cannot guarantee or warrant that such events will not take place and we will not be liable to Visitors or Authorized Customers for any such occurrences. How Can Visitors Correct Any Inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information? Visitors and Authorized Customers may contact us to update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by emailing us at help@CrossChannelMOJO.com. This email address is being protected from spam bots, which means you need Javascript enabled to view it. Can a Visitor Delete or Deactivate Personally Identifiable Information Collected by the Site? We provide Visitors and Authorized Customers with a mechanism to delete/deactivate Personally Identifiable Information from the Site's database by contacting help@CrossChannelMOJO.com. This email address is being protected from spam bots, which means you need Javascript enabled to view it. However, because of backups and records of deletions, it may be impossible to delete a Visitor's entry without retaining some residual information. An individual who requests to have Personally Identifiable Information deactivated will have this information functionally deleted, and we will not sell, transfer, or use Personally Identifiable Information relating to that individual in any way moving forward. What Happens if the Privacy Policy Changes? We will let our Visitors and Authorized Customers know about changes to our privacy policy by posting such changes on the Site. However, if we are changing our privacy policy in a manner that might cause disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information that a Visitor or Authorized Customer has previously requested not be disclosed, we will contact such Visitor or Authorized Customer to allow such Visitor or Authorized Customer to prevent such disclosure. Links This Web site contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, or you ask us to forward information to a third party site on your behalf, you are moving to another Web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours. 
