> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the crownandcaliber.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-04-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170413022707id_/https%3A//crownandcaliber.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for Crown & Caliber, LLC

The [www.crownandcaliber.com](https://www.crownandcaliber.com/) website is operated by Crown & Caliber, LLC (“Crown & Caliber,” “we,” “our” or “us”). This Privacy Policy applies to [www.crownandcaliber.com](https://www.crownandcaliber.com/) and any other website offered by Crown & Caliber, which references or links to this Privacy Policy (each a “Site” and together the “Sites”), and which may include our sites entered via tabs or portals accessible via Twitter®, Facebook® or other social sharing sites. This Privacy Policy is to inform you about the information that we may gather about you. This Privacy Policy does not apply offline and does not alter the terms of any other agreement that you may have with us or our affiliates.

Personal Information We Collect and How We Use It
    We collect and use your personal information for a variety of business purposes, including to provide the products and services that you request, to communicate with you about them, and to do all things necessary to administer our Sites, products and services, and manage, protect and improve them. 

“Personal information” is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact an individual. There are a few ways in which you may explicitly and intentionally provide us with, and consent to our collection of, certain personal information. 

We may use links throughout a Site to provide you with the opportunity to contact us to ask questions, request information, materials, products and services or provide comments and suggestions. In order to fulfill your request, we will collect your name, address, phone number and email. You may also be offered the opportunity to have one of our representatives contact you personally to provide additional information about our products or services. 

By initiating any activity or transaction with us that uses financial information, you consent to providing your financial information to us and our service providers processing the transaction to the extent required to provide the payment services to you.

Information We Receive from Third Parties
    We may receive information about you (including personal information) from third parties. For example, if you are on another website and you opt-in to receive information from Crown & Caliber, that website will forward to us your email address and other information about you so that we may contact you as requested. You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature (such as one of our pages on Facebook or Twitter or another social platform or website) through which you allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including personal information. In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third party website give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections” or information about you is otherwise accessible through your “connections” web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third party website or interactive service. 

We may also supplement the information we collect about you through the Sites with outside records from third parties in order to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We may combine the information we receive from these third parties with information we collect through the Sites. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to any personal information received, unless we have disclosed otherwise.

Cookies; Traffic Data
    Whenever you visit or interact with a Site, we, as well as our service providers and any third-party advertisers, may use assorted technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how a Site is accessed and used. We refer to this information as traffic data. Traffic data may include, but is not limited to, browser type, device type used to access the Site (i.e., computer or mobile device), unique number assigned to identify such device, operating system, application version, click path taken through the Site, your use of features or applications on a Site, and other publicly available information (including sites visited before and after a Site). This information helps us improve our Sites, products and services. Traffic data is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as an identifiable person, we will treat it as personal information. 

Technologies we use on the Sites to collect traffic data, include but are not limited to: cookies (data files placed on your computer or other devices used to access a Site), mobile analytics software and pixel tags (transparent graphic image, sometimes called a web beacon or tracking beacon, placed on a web page or in an email, which indicates that a page or email has been viewed). Cookies may also be used to associate you with social sharing sites like Facebook and Twitter and, if you so choose, to enable interaction between your activities on our Sites and your activities on such social sharing sites. We, or our vendors, may place cookies or similar files on your computer or other devices used to access a Site for security purposes, to facilitate Site navigation and to personalize your experience while visiting our Sites (such as allowing us to select which content is most likely to appeal to you based on your location). A pixel tag may tell your browser to get content from another server. 

To manage your cookies, please refer to your browser’s help menu or other instructions related to your browser. If you do disable or opt out of receiving cookies, please be aware that some features and services on our Sites may not work as intended and you may not have access to all of the services and features we may offer.

Tracking
    Unless your browser settings are configured to make your online activities and publicly available information about your online activities (such as traffic data described above) invisible to usage analytics tools, we do not presently have the capability to omit you from usage analytics to the extent your browser only sends us a “do not track” message and does not otherwise screen you from tracking without any action on our part. Please note, however, that our honoring a do not track request from your browser does not affect personal information that you have, or will in the future, submit to us. 

Third parties, other than our vendors (such as our website analytics provider), do not have authorization from us to track which websites you visited prior and after visiting our website. That said, we cannot control third party tracking and there may be some third party tracking over time and across third-party websites that occurs without our knowledge or consent.

Information We Share with Others
    We may use or disclose your personal information and other information we collect to our employees and affiliates (including potential third-party purchasers of any items sent to us), to protect the security and integrity of our Sites, to correct technical problems and malfunctions on our Sites, to technically process your information, to provide services or to take precautions against liability. We also may provide your personal information to vendors who provide services on our behalf, to your company or organization if you use our services under a corporate or other commercial account, and in connection with any services or products you purchase from us, to your credit card issuer, credit reporting and fraud checking agencies as necessary, and to debt collection agencies if you fail to pay monies owed to us or our affiliates. If you request services via a mobile device, your request will be transmitted via your mobile carrier’s network and your carrier may have access to it. Consult your carrier’s privacy policy for additional information. 

We reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in connection with a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of assets, reorganization or liquidation of our business. We reserve the right to disclose any personal information as needed if that information is requested by law enforcement agencies or if we are required to do so by law, treaty, regulation, subpoena, court order, or by a government entity. We also may disclose your personal information to third parties if we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to conduct investigations of possible breaches of law, to cooperate in any legal investigation, or to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms of Service or any other agreement with us.

Marketing Practices/Opt-Out
    From time to time we may contact you about our products or services that we think might be of interest to you. If your information changes or if you no longer want to receive promotional materials relating to services from Crown & Caliber or any third parties with whom we have shared your personal information with your consent, you can change, update or delete your personally identifiable information at any time by emailing us at [info@crownandcaliber.com](mailto:info@crownandcaliber.com) or by calling us at (800) 514.3750. Your option not to receive promotional and material will not preclude us from corresponding with you, by email or otherwise, regarding your existing or past business relationships with us (e.g., any purchase of our products or use of our services, or responses to requests for information you pose to us either through use of a Site or by other means), and will not preclude us from accessing and viewing your personal information in the course of maintaining and improving our Sites and our services.
Links
    Our Sites may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each website to which we may link that may collect personal information.
Children
    The Sites are not intended for use by children in the United States under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from such children. If we learn that we have collected the personal information of such a child we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.
California Privacy Rights
    Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California have the right to request from a business, with whom the California resident has an established business relationship, what types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information in the immediately preceding calendar year. To access this information, please contact us either by email at [info@crownandcaliber.com](mailto:info@crownandcaliber.com) or at the address below: 

Crown & Caliber, LLC   
Attention: CA Privacy Information Request   
3565 Piedmont Rd. NE Building 4, Suite 710   
Atlanta, GA 30305

Notice to Residents of Countries Outside the United States
    Crown & Caliber is headquartered in the United States. Personal information may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, business partners, or service providers elsewhere in the world. If you are located outside of the United States, be advised that any information you provide to us will be transferred to and stored in the United States and that, by submitting information to us, you explicitly authorize its transfer and storage within the United States. We will protect the privacy and security of personal information according to this Privacy Policy regardless of where it is processed or stored.
Social Media
    If you respond through a blog forum or other social sharing feature or public interactive area on a Site, you should be aware that any personal and other information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of the Site, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the information you choose to make public in such manner. You are also responsible for using such public forums, including any Sites accessed through a third-party social networking platform like Facebook or Twitter, in a manner consistent with the privacy policy and other terms and conditions applicable to such platform. 

You may log in to the Site using certain social network credentials. If you create an account using your login/ID from a third-party platform, like Facebook®, Crown & Caliber may use your login credentials to access and collect information as permitted by your privacy settings on that third-party platform to create your account with Crown & Caliber. To manage the sharing of certain personal information with us when you connect with us through social networking platforms or applications refer to the privacy policy and settings of the social networking website or application. By proceeding through any of the above steps, you grant Crown & Caliber permission to access all of the elements of your social network profile information that you have made available to be shared and to use it in accordance with the social network’s terms of use and this Privacy Policy.

Policy Changes; Contact
    Crown & Caliber reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy without prior notice. Use of a Site following such changes constitutes your acceptance of the revised policy then in effect. In the event we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we may summarize them in this section. Feel free to contact us with any questions: by email to at [info@crownandcaliber.com](mailto:info@crownandcaliber.com) or by calling (800) 514.3750.
