> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the office.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-11-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081111085949id_/http%3A//office.com/templates/page1_other.asp%3Fdocid%3D12) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Office.com: Collaboration Software, Virtual Office Software for Small Business

Office.com LLC ("ODC", "us", or "we") maintains high standards for the protection of the privacy of users of the Office.com site and various related services that we provide (together referred to as the "Site"). This Privacy Policy contains important information about how we may use and disclose personal information about you. Please read it carefully. You should also read our [Terms of Service](http://www.office.com/terms.asp), which governs your use of the Site. 

We review our privacy practices from time to time. Please bookmark and periodically review this page for updates to our Privacy Policy. A link to this page also appears on most Site pages. To contact us about privacy issues, to report a violation of our Privacy Policy, or to raise any other privacy-related issue, please email us at support@office.com. 

ODC will not sell, rent, or otherwise share or disclose personally-identifiable information about you to or with others except as allowed by this Privacy Policy. The term "Third Party" used in this Privacy Policy means any entity other than ODC. 

**Information About You**   
Information You Provide. You supply basic information when you register for the Site: your name, email address, zip code, your organization's primary business activity, and the username and password you select. Later, we may request further information when you seek to use certain areas of the Site (the specific information depends on the particular area). You can use much of the Site without providing any personal information (or even registering), but you won't be able to take full advantage of what the Site can offer you and your business. You also supply personally identifiable information in other ways. A few examples are when you: customize your account, fill out an order form or survey, place an auction bid, communicate with our Customer Satisfaction team, enter a contest, and so on. 

Some services and other features on the Site may involve other entities (such as your company) storing personal information about you. For example, if we offered a payroll services feature, your company could enter relevant information about you and other employees. (This doesn't include where your company sets up a corporate sub-account for you.) We treat such information as the private information of whoever enters it, and use it only as needed to provide the services (see "How We Use Information About You" below for more detail). We don't review it, and it doesn't become part of our information about you. This means you'd need to raise any privacy concerns about this information with the party that stored it. Children. The Site is not targeted to users under thirteen years of age. If you are under 13, please do not register for the Site or provide any information about yourself on the Site. 

Information We Collect. We also collect information based on your use of the Site. For example, when you use the Site, we may collect your IP address, operating system, and browser version used for that visit. We also use "cookies" -- small text files placed on your computer's hard drive. These cookies don't contain any personal information, except for your name and username if you've registered so we can personalize your visit. Only ODC can access a cookie that we place. You don't need to have your browser accept cookies to use the Site generally, but you won't be able to use certain areas of the Site if you don't. 

Cookies we place serve several purposes: 1) to recognize you when you return to the Site, and as you move within the Site, which lets us customize your visit and offer convenience; 2) to authenticate you as a Site user, necessary for security; 3) to better understand how our users use the Site, which helps us make the Site more useful for you; and 4) to track what advertisements are displayed. Some of our business partners and advertisers may also use cookies (or similar technologies) when you use their services or click on their ads. We have no access to or control over their cookies, just as they cannot access or control cookies that we place. 

**How We Use Information About You.**   
We may use personally identifiable information in a number of ways:

  * To communicate with you about your account, or to communicate information about the Site. For example, we send all new members a welcoming e-mail, and will also occasionally send members important notices or information. 
  * To pre-complete online forms. For example, if you have stored a shipping address, we may automatically fill in that information on an order form. 
  * To determine which advertisements or sponsor messages will appear on your screen. 
  * To personalize various aspects of the Site. 
  * To build higher-quality, more useful services, such as by analyzing usage trends, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the Site. 
  * To provide you with prompt and effective customer service. 
  * To support the operation of the Site (such as billing, account maintenance, and record-keeping), troubleshoot problems, resolve disputes, and enforce our [Terms of Service.](https://web.archive.org/default.asp?Docid=13) 
  * To send you newsletters, promotional messages, product announcements, and other communications from ODC that we feel may be of interest to you. You may "opt out" of receiving most of these materials, as described below. 



We may disclose personally identifiable information about you to Third Parties as follows: 

  * With your consent. 
  * To facilitate a transaction or communication with a Third Party that you have initiated. For example, when you place an order with a Third Party, we disclose the order information to them. In some cases, we disclose personal information so their system can automatically pre-complete the order form for your convenience, but they cannot use or keep the information for any other reason unless you actually submit the order. 
  * As is inherent in the operation of a Site feature you use. For example, your username may appear publicly when you submit a post to a discussion board after logging in. 
  * To allow Third Parties to provide Site features and services. We partner with leading companies that bring superior services to the Site, which may appear under the "Office.com" name (such as Office.com Auctions). We only disclose the personal information necessary for the Third Party to provide the services, and they are required to keep the information confidential, and use it only to provide those services. (Some Third-Party services, such as Office.com Auctions, may be part of a larger network -- auction listings appear on multiple Websites, for example.) 
  * To announce the winners of sweepstakes or promotions, as required by law, and to permit Third-Party prize suppliers to arrange to deliver prizes. 
  * To our contractors and consultants, and our professional advisors (such as our accountants or attorneys). For example, we outsource certain "back end" processes, such as credit card processing. We only disclose the personal information necessary for them to provide their services to you or to us, and only under strict confidentiality restrictions. 
  * As we believe necessary to: (a) comply with law (including court and governmental orders, and civil subpoenas); (b) enforce or apply our [Terms of Service](http://www.office.com/terms.asp). and other agreements; or (c) protect the rights, property, or safety of ODC, our users, or others. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. 
  * If you partake (or we reasonably suspect that you are partaking) in any illegal or potentially illegal activity. We may disclose personal information even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order, to the extent we feel is necessary to inform, and cooperate with, law enforcement agencies or other appropriate authorities. 
  * In connection with a sale or transfer of ODC. If ODC or substantially all of its assets are acquired, user information will, most likely, be one of the acquired assets. 
  * In aggregated form, i.e., information about multiple users collectively without identifying any individual user, such as the total number of visitors to the Site in a given week. 
  * Due to circumstances beyond our control. Despite the stringent precautions we take to protect your personal information, the unfortunate fact is that there is simply no such thing as a perfect security system. Also, we have no control over the Internet in general. As a result, even though the risk is extremely low, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized persons will never gain access to private transmissions or information, or that private information will never be disclosed in ways not covered by this Privacy Policy. 



"Opting Out". Registering for the Site entitles you to receive the Office.com Newsletter (and other topical newsletters that we may develop), as well as other offers and communications that we feel may be of interest. You may choose at registration to "opt out" of receiving these materials from us. You may also opt out at any time after that in the "Registration" section, or by following the instructions contained in most communications. Note that even if you opt out, we may still send you official ODC announcements and notices relating to the Site, your account, and other non-commercial matters. You may also continue to receive material from us for several weeks due to programs already in progress. Opting out only applies to communications from ODC; we cannot control what communications Third Parties might send based on information that they already have. 

**Third-Party Use of Personal Information**  
ODC encourages all entities with which we do business to act in a manner consistent with our Privacy Policy, and otherwise to handle personal information in a responsible manner. However, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we cannot be responsible for any acts or omissions of any Third Party, including the manner in which they use personal information received from you, ODC, or elsewhere. If you do encounter any Third Party associated with ODC (or who claims association with ODC) who you feel is improperly collecting or using information about you, please contact us at [support@office.com](mailto:support@office.com). 

Other Web Sites. Portions of the Site may involve linking to, or using, other Websites, including co-branded or other affiliated sites, and Websites belonging to Third Parties. These often include their own privacy policies. Unless we explicitly state otherwise, we have no control over these other sites and their privacy practices, and this Privacy Policy applies to information you supply (or that we collect) solely in connection with use of the Site. If a co-branded site doesn't include its own privacy policy, this Privacy Policy will apply to ODC's use and collection of information, and the Third Party's policy will apply to the Third Party's use and collection of information. 

Other Users. If you disclose personally identifiable information on the Site (such as on a discussion board or in a chat room), be aware that others could collect that information and use it to send you unsolicited email, or for other purposes. Please be careful about disclosing personal information in "public" places or to people you don't know well. 

Email. Office.com will not inspect, or disclose to others, the contents of messages sent through any private email function of the Site except with the specific consent of the sender or recipient, or (where necessary) in the narrowly-defined situations established under law. 

**Changing or Deleting Personal Information  
** Registered users may view and change certain personally identifiable information by selecting the "Registration" option available on many Site pages. For security reasons, you will not be able to see your credit card number (if you have supplied one) or your password. 

Note that removing certain information may effectively cancel your account. Also, we need to retain certain information for auditing, record-keeping, and other purposes. There will also be residual information that will remain within our databases, access logs, and other records, which may or may not contain personally identifiable information. Any retained personally identifiable information will continue to be subject to ODC's Privacy Policy. We do reserve the right to re-contact former Site users from time to time. Also, we cannot be responsible for what Third Parties do with information that they already had before you asked us to delete it. Security of Your Personal Information  
We take stringent precautions to protect your personal information. When you submit sensitive information via the Site, your information is protected both online and off-line. 

Whenever sensitive information (such as a credit card number) needs to be transmitted to or from the Site, that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry, known as Secure Sockets Layer ("SSL"). We also protect your personal information off-line. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (such as our Customer Satisfaction Representatives) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our offices include a locked area for the system administrators with access to the internal functions of the Site, and each must use a screen saver that locks their computer after a brief period of inactivity, until they can enter their individual password. Finally, the servers where we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment, in a locked room with passkey protection and video surveillance. 

**Questions?**  
Please send us any questions regarding our Privacy Policy to [support@office.com](mailto:support@office.com)
