> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the officearrow.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081224091059id_/http%3A//www.officearrow.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - OfficeArrow

OfficeArrow, LLC (“OfficeArrow”, “we” or “us”) owns and operates OfficeArrow.com, an online community of office professionals who connect to get answers, enhance productivity and make smart buying decisions.

OfficeArrow takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.

## What this Privacy Policy Covers

This Privacy Policy applies to the services offered by OfficeArrow, including any OfficeArrow-branded URL (the “OfficeArrow Website”) and other features, content or applications offered from time to time by OfficArrow in connection with the OfficeArrow Website. The OfficeArrow Website is hosted in the United States.

This policy covers how OfficeArrow collects, uses and shares information, including personally identifiable information that you provide to us and information we collect automatically related to your use of the OfficeArrow Website and services.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that OfficeArrow does not own or control, to content or information not generated by OfficeArrow, or to acts of people that OfficeArrow does not employ or manage.

## Information Collection

When you visit OfficeArrow you provide us with two types of information: personally identifiable information and other information about you that you knowingly choose to disclose, and other information we collect automatically as you interact with the OfficeArrow Website.

### Information You Provide to OfficeArrow

When you register with OfficeArrow, you create an account with us. To create an account, you provide us with certain personal information, such as your name, address, email address, phone number, company name or business affiliation, and any other personal or preference information that you provide to us, including a password. Providing additional information beyond what is required at registration is entirely optional and at your discretion.

When you use OfficeArrow, you may set up your personal profile, form relationships, send messages, perform searches and queries, form or join groups, submit content, participate in discussions and forums, participate in contests or surveys, and send and receive information through various channels. We may collect and retain this information so that we can provide to you the OfficeArrow services, products, newsletters and information you request or subscribe to.

In order to invite others to connect with you or join your groups, you will enter their names and email addresses. This information will be used by OfficeArrow to send your invitation.

### Information OfficeArrow Automatically Collects

Each time you visit the OfficeArrow Website, we receive and collect the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet, your domain name, the Internet protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using, the name of the page that referred you to us, the date and time you access our site, the pages you visited, and the entry and exit times from the Website. This information is gathered for all OfficeArrow Website visitors.

In addition, we store certain information from your browser using cookies and web log files to track site usage. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We use session ID cookies to confirm that users are logged in. These cookies terminate once the user closes the browser. By default, we use a persistent cookie that stores your login ID (but not your password) to make it easier for you to login when you come back to OfficeArrow. You can remove or block this cookie using the settings in your browser if you want to disable this convenience feature. Unfortunately, if you disable this feature or your browser settings do not allow cookies, you will not be able to use the OfficeArrow Website. Like the information you enter at registration or in your profile, cookie and log file data is used to customize your experience on the OfficeArrow Website. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by OfficeArrow only, and does not cover the use of cookies or other tracking technologies by any of our advertisers.

OfficeArrow also collects information about your interactions and transactions with us and with some of our business partners. We may also collect information about you from other sources, such as newspapers, blogs, instant messaging services, and other users of the OfficeArrow service through the operation of the service in order to provide you with more useful information and a more personalized experience.

### Children

OfficeArrow does not specifically solicit or collect personal information about anyone under the age of 18 nor do we knowingly provide recommendations to such persons. If you are under 18, please do not attempt to register for OfficeArrow or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address.

No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on OfficeArrow. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at privacy@officearrow.com.

## Use of Collected Information

As described above, OfficeArrow collects personal information when you register with us, when you create or update your personal profile, when you use our services, and when you visit pages within the OfficeArrow Website or the pages of certain of our partners.

### General

OfficeArrow uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, assist with systems administration, resolve problems, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients. We may occasionally use your name and email address to send you notifications regarding new services offered by OfficeArrow that we think you may find valuable.

We may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies. We may also create compilations of information that are not personally-identifying and provide these compilations to other companies to help them understand the shopping patterns or general interests of visitors to the OfficeArrow Website.

OfficeArrow may use your personally identifiable information to provide the customized experience and recommendations you have requested. For instance, if you supply information relating to your role at work, industry, place of work, and specialty, this may be used to determine the advertising that is displayed or sent to you. We only use fair and lawful means to collect personally identifiable information, and we only collect, use and disclose personally identifiable information for purposes that are reasonable under the circumstances. In addition, as noted below, personally identifiable information that you submit to the forums and discussions may remain online for an extended period of time, and we are not responsible for such disclosures.

If you choose to use our services to invite a colleague or connect with another user, we will ask you for information needed to send the invitation, such as your colleague's email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. OfficeArrow stores this information to send this one-time invitation, to register a friend connection if your invitation is accepted, and to track the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at privacy@officearrow.com to request that we remove this information from our database.

### Sharing Your Information with Third Parties

Advertisements that appear on the OfficeArrow Website are sometimes delivered or served directly to you by third party advertisers and other service providers. We share OfficeArrow Website usage information for the purpose of targeting advertisements on the OfficeArrow Website. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. These third party advertisers may also download cookies to your computer or use other technologies such as JavaScript and “web beacons” (as described below) to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize advertising content. Doing this allows the advertising network to recognize your computer each time it sends you an advertisement in order to measure the effectiveness of its ads and to personalize advertising content. OfficeArrow does not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed by the third party advertisers. Third party advertisers have no access to your personally identifiable information stored by OfficeArrow unless you choose to share it with them.

### Web Beacons

We may allow other companies, called ad networks, to serve advertisements to OfficeArrow users. Ad networks include third party ad servers, ad agencies, ad technology vendors and research firms. As noted above, we may “target” some ads to you or other users that have predefined characteristics. To deliver these ads properly, OfficeArrow may include a file, called a web beacon, from these ad networks within pages served by us so the networks may provide anonymous, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for advertisers as well as to target ads to you while you visit other websites.

You may opt-out of use of Web beacons in OfficeArrow Website pages that you view and of placement of a cookie by ad networks in your browser. If you opt-out you will lose the potential benefit of receiving ads that are more targeted to your interests.

### Links and Third Party Applications

We may offer links to other websites that are not operated by OfficeArrow. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review its privacy and other policies. OfficeArrow does not review and is not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies accessed by these links, and any information you submit to those websites is subject to their privacy policies.

Third party applications (such as widgets) created by third party developers may also be available on OfficeArrow. Third party applications are small bits of software, often with interactivity, that can be installed into your customized OfficeArrow Website. OfficeArrow does not control the third party developers. When you engage with or download a third party application, you are interacting with such third party developer, not with us. OfficeArrow does not review and is not responsible for the policies and practices of third party developers, and we encourage you to ascertain and make sure you can trust such third parties before interacting with them.

## Discussion Forums and User-Generated Content

One of the features of the OfficeArrow Website is a public discussion forum provided through discussion lists, bulletin boards or chat rooms (referred to as "Discussion Forums") to allow users with similar interests, fields of expertise or problems to share information and/or post and answer questions.

Any information that users disclose in the Discussion Forums is by design shared with the public and is not confidentially maintained. You should think carefully before disclosing any information, and particularly any personally identifiable information in the Discussion Forums. Because of the nature of the Discussion Forums any information you disclose may be accessed, disclosed or collected by third parties and as a result may be used by such third parties in ways that OfficeArrow is unable to control or predict.

When accessing or using the OfficeArrow Website, and particularly the Discussion Forums, you should not disclose any personally identifiable information that would allow other users to determine the identity of a particular person. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information or any other postings you choose to submit in these forums. OfficeArrow reserves the right to monitor such submissions and postings and to record any such submissions, to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any submitted information or materials, in OfficeArrow's sole discretion.

Your participation in forums and discussions, as well as the posting of publically available profile information, images, blog comments and other content on the OfficeArrow Website, is at your own risk and responsibility and is governed by the OfficeArrow [Terms of Use](http://www.officearrow.com/terms_of_use).

## Security and Confidentiality

We use commercially reasonable efforts to keep your personally identifiable information secure. We endeavor to use appropriate physical, administrative, and technical security to protect against any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or inadequate disposal or destruction of personally identifiable information.

Although we allow you to set privacy options that limit access to your pages, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and we cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share your pages and information. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that user content you post on the OfficeArrow Website will not be viewed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the OfficeArrow Website. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of user content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your user content.

## Terms of Use, Notices and Changes to this Privacy Policy

Your visit to, registration with and use of the OfficeArrow Website, and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our [Terms of Use](http://www.officearrow.com/terms_of_use). We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy and our [Terms of Use](http://www.officearrow.com/terms_of_use) at any time. Any changes or clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the OfficeArrow Website. If we make changes, we will post them and will indicate at the bottom of this Privacy Policy the effective date. We encourage you to refer to this Privacy Policy on an ongoing basis. Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account.

## Questions or Comments

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [privacy@officearrow.com](mailto:privacy@officearrow.com). You may also contact us by mail at:

OfficeArrow, LLC  
75 Fifth Street, NW  
Suite 730  
Atlanta, GA 30308

_Effective Date: April 4, 2008_
