> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the officinepixel.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230054729id_/http%3A//officinepixel.com/eng/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

PRIVACY POLICY 

In this page is described the privacy policy applied when using the web site owned by OFFICINE PIXEL S.n.c. and referring to the data collected during the same navigation. 

This information is due to the users interacting with the web site owned by Officine Pixel S.n.c for the protection of the personal data of the same users accordingly with the article n. 13 of the legislative decree n. 196/2003 - Codice in materia di protezione dei dati personali - DATA PROTECTION CODE for users interacting with Officine Pixel's web services accessible by the following addresses: 

http://www.officinepixel.com   
http://www.ffx.it 

This information applies only to the web site owned by Officine Pixel S.n.c. This information does not applies to web sites that might be reached following any link in any web site owned by Officine Pixel S.n.c. 

This information also takes into account the suggestions contained in the Recommendation n.2/2001 adopted on the 17/05/2001 by European Data Protection Authorities, (reunited according to the art. 29, Directive n. 95/46/EC), aiming to identify the minimum requirements for on-line personal data collection, and also procedures, deadlines and type of information the Data Controllers shall provide users with when they access web pages, independently of the purposes for connection. 

PERSONAL DATA CONTROLLER 

After the consultation Users acknowledge that by accessing the web site, data relative to identified and identifiable persons can be gathered and processed. 

The Data Controller is Officine Pixel S.n.c by Romboli Davide and Tedaldi Lamberto.   
Head office: Via Ardenne 3 - 47100 Forlí (Italy). 

PLACE, PURPOSE AND PROCEDURE OF PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING 

Data processing in connection with web services will be performed at the aforementioned Officine Pixel S.n.c's Office under the sole care of Firm's technical staff and, eventually, persons in charge of maintenance operation. 

No personal data derived from web services will be spread or transmitted. 

Personal data provided by users submitting service requests will be utilized with the sole object of carrying out the service or the work required and will not be referred to third parties, unless strictly necessary or otherwise indicated by or when laid down by Law. 

TIPOLOGY OF PERSONAL DATA PROCESSING 

Navigation data 

Electronic systems and software set to run this web site collect some personal data implicit with the use of internet communication protocols. 

Although collected information is not associated to identifiable users, by its own nature may allow for user's identification if processed and associated with third parties data, carried out only further to a judiciary request in order to identify the users. 

This category of data includes: IP addresses or domain names of computers accessing the Portal, the URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) addresses of requested resources, the time of the request, the method for submitting the request to the server, the answer's file size, the numerical code showing the status of the answer supplied by the server (ok, error, etc.) and other parameters relative to operative system and user's computer environment. 

Those data are used by Officine Pixel S.n.c. only for anonymous statistical information on web site's use and to check for web site correct functioning and once processed are immediately deleted. In case of crimes against the web site all collected data could be used to investigate for responsibilities: in all other cases, data on web contacts are not stored permanently (maximum 7 days), unless users request so. 

Data supplied by users on a voluntary basis 

The optional, explicit and voluntary sending of e-mails to the addresses specified on the Portal, requires the acquisition of sender's address used by Officine Pixel S.n.c in order to give feedback on his requests. 

Specific and synthetic information will be progressively reported or displayed in the web site sections dedicated to on-line services. 

COOKIES 

The Officine Pixel web site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). 

Optional nature of data supplying 

Nevertheless, Users are always free to provide personal data when requesting for special services (legal on-line consulting, request of information, registration to the Newsletters service, etc.), but if they refuse to provide certain data, in some cases, it won't be possible to process their requests. 

DATA PROCESSING PROCEDURE 

The personal data are processed papery or with electronic means for the time strictly necessary to fulfil the purpose for their collection. 

We implement specific safety measures to prevent data loss, illegitimate or unfair use of data and unauthorized access to the web site databanks. We inform you that internet communication such as e-mails/web-mails may transit through different nations before being delivered to the receiver. Officine Pixel is not responsible for unauthorized access or of the loss of personal data out of its control. 

CONCERNED PERSONS RIGHTS 

The subjects whom personal data refer to, have at any time the right to obtain a confirmation on whether their data still exists or not and have the right to know their content and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for their integration or update, or for their rectification (art. 7 of legislative decree n. 196/2003). 

According to the same article, users have the right to ask for deletion, anonymity or blocking of illegitimately processed data, and also to oppose, on legitimate grounds, to their processing.   
All requests must be submitted to the Data Controller, without formalities, by sending a communication to Officine Pixel S.n.c. by Romboli Davide and Lamberto Tedaldi - Head office: Via Ardenne 3 - 47100 Forlí - Italy. 
