> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the costumzee.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230020103id_/http%3A//www.costumzee.com/page/view/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy policy

## Privacy Policy

**Cookies** A cookie is a data file that certain web sites write to your computer when you visit such sites. A cookie file can contain information, such as a user identification code, that the site uses to maintain a personalized look and feel on the pages you have visited. costumzee.com uses cookies solely to maintain user access levels throughout the web site. This data is used on an anonymous basis and we do not correlate this information with personal data of any user. Most web site browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser settings to display a warning before accepting a cookie, or to refuse all cookies. However, if you choose to disable the receipt of cookies from our web site, you may not be able to use certain features of the site. read more by clicking here. **Browser Level Information** Costumezee.com web servers automatically collect information about a site user’s ip address, browser type and referrer by reading this information from the user’s browser (information provided by every user’s browser). This information is collected in a database and used–in an aggregated, anonymous manner–in our internal analysis of traffic patterns within our web site. This information is automatically logged by most web sites. **Uses and disclosure of data** Costumzee.com collects personal user data as part of the registration process, but does not disclose this information to any third parties. **e-mail** Costumzee.com will never intentionally send unsolicited email. Registered users may occasionally receive email that is beneficial and/or neccessary information for the member base. Members can control whether they receive emails from Costumzee.com. Questions or comments about this policy may be submitted to the administrator of this site. **third party advertising** We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. One of these services is Google. If you would like more information about their practices and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). **Contact Information** Costumzee.com a MechMedia, Inc. property  
PO Box 886  
Stow, MA 01775 For support, information, advertising, or partnership information, please contact us. 
