> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the livecareer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130507092044id_/http%3A//www.livecareer.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy: About LiveCareer: LiveCareer

This page summarizes the key highlights from our Privacy Policy. For more information, read our full Privacy Policy.

Personal information collected

We collect information in the following ways:

  * When you register an account, use our services, or make a purchase
  * When you view and interact with our features, and functionality, including sharing your resume, career profile, cover letters or other information with career, employment, education, workforce and other service providers who can help you advance your working life
  * Through cookies and other online tracking technologies, which collect usage information such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, mobile device, and receive the urls of sites from which you arrive or leave LiveCareer Applications, or sites that have embedded LiveCareer platform technology that allow us to recognize you, customize your experience, and serve advertisements both on and off LiveCareer Applications. Learn more about such technologies in our Privacy Policy
  * When you voluntarily interact with services available through LiveCareer, such as editing or resume writing services
  * When you participate in our surveys and promotions
  * When you contact us with a question, comment or complaint



Uses of personal information

We use the information you provide to:

  * Administer your account with us and customize the services we provide to you and other users
  * Fulfill products or services or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive
  * Enable you to communicate with other users
  * Share your information, including your resume, career profile, cover letters and other information with third parties offering their own services or combined services with LiveCareer
  * Connect you to opportunities by enabling third parties to contact you if you express an interest
  * Create and distribute advertising relevant to your experience on LiveCareer Applications
  * Send you transactional or promotional communications through email
  * Administer your participation in our promotions
  * Understand and improve our product and service offerings
  * Respond to your questions, comment or complaint



Your Information Choices

You can:

  * Access, review and edit the information you provide directly to us, such as your billing information and email address by logging onto My Account” and clicking the “My Settings” and “Overview” links or by contacting us as set out below
  * Control the messages you receive from LiveCareer and other third parties by logging onto My Account” and clicking the “My Settings” and “Preferences” links or by contacting us as set out below
  * Tell us to close your account by logging onto My Account” and clicking the “My Settings” and “Subscription” links or by contacting us as set out below



Important information

  * We encourage you to read our full Privacy Policy.
  * Our products and services are for a general audience and intended for adults only. We do not knowingly request personal information from children
  * Personal information you provide may be transferred, processed, and stored by our service providers in the United States, Canada and in other countries.



How to contact us

Questions about our Privacy Policy or about our handling of your information may be sent to [privacy@LiveCareer.com](mailto:privacy@LiveCareer.com) or as set forth in the Privacy Policy.

LIVECAREER PRIVACY POLICY

Effective Date: May 01, 2013

LiveCareer Limited (“LiveCareer”, "us", "our" or "we") has developed this Privacy Policy which details important information regarding our collection, use and disclosure of user information. This Privacy Policy applies to information collected on our family of websites, which are owned and/or controlled by LiveCareer (collectively, the “Sites”), and other interactive properties, including but not limited to our mobile applications (the Sites and other LiveCareer interactive properties are collectively referred to herein as the “LiveCareer Applications"). This Privacy Policy also applies to our offline collection of information. LiveCareer provides this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to use the services provided by LiveCareer and/or assessed through the LiveCareer Applications or offline ("Services"). This Privacy Policy applies to your use of (1) the LiveCareer Applications (however accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise); (2) email or electronic catalogs and newsletters; and (3) any other means or applications in which you connect with us or our products and services.

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to our Terms of Use. Each time that you access, register and/or use LiveCareer Applications or our Services you signify that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by the Terms of Use, and this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using the LiveCareer Applications or Services.

We use information about you as set forth in more detail in this Privacy Policy to:

I. INFORMATION WE COLLECT

Information Provided Directly by You To LiveCareer

**Registration Information.** We will collect personal information from you if you register on our LiveCareer Applications or use or subscribe to our Services. When you register you are required to provide your email address and password.

**Required Information.** Certain categories of information may also be required depending on the product or service you are using, such as name, address, year of birth, education level, degree or career course of interest and other information relevant to the service you select. For some products, you are required to provide other information in the form of uploaded documents as well as resume information, contact information, career objectives, employment history and job descriptions. LiveCareer asks for this information so that you are able to use and maximize the effectiveness of our career tools and have the best possible experience with LiveCareer. The use of services which require the input of additional information is completely voluntary on your part. You have the choice about whether to disclose the information necessary to use these features of LiveCareer Applications.

**Optional Information.** At various other points during your visit to LiveCareer, you may be asked to provide information about yourself that is not related to a particular service such as an area of study, degrees or careers that interest you. The input of this optional information is completely voluntary on your part but may enable us to provide you with information to further help your work life.

**Feedback.** In addition, you may provide feedback, ideas, suggestions, and/or proposals (“Feedback”) with regard to our products and services. Submission of Feedback is optional, although encouraged, as it allows LiveCareer to better address our users’ needs and continuously work towards improving our products and services. If at any time you provide Feedback, you acknowledge and agree that (1) such Feedback do not contain confidential or proprietary information; (2) LiveCareer will be entitled to use or disclose (or choose not to disclose) any such Feedback for any purpose, in any way, in any media worldwide; (3) you irrevocably assign to LiveCareer all rights to your Feedback; (4) LiveCareer is not under any obligation of confidentiality, express or implied, with respect to the Feedback; and (5) you are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement of any kind from LiveCareer under any circumstances for submission or use of your Feedback.

**Billing Information.** While many products and services on LiveCareer Applications are provided free, some require payment from you by the method of payments accepted by us (“Billing Information”). We collect, and, if you are purchasing an automatically renewing subscription from us, we may store your Billing Information but this information is only shared with third parties who perform tasks on our behalf to verify, update and complete the purchase transaction. Examples of this include fulfilling orders, customer service functions and processing charges to your chosen payment method provider.

**Surveys and Promotions.** From time-to-time we may request information from you and other users via surveys or promotions. Participation in these surveys or promotions which might include contests or sweepstakes is completely voluntary so you and other users have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact and demographic information. Contact information may be used to notify the winners and award prizes and file winners’ information, as required by law. Survey information will be used for the purpose of administering your participation in the survey, and the monitoring or improvement of the use and satisfaction of LiveCareer Applications or other career, employment, education, workforce and other services that will help you advance your working life.

Information Contained in Your Resume, Cover Letters or Interactive Posts

The Services contain the ability to communicate interactively and other mechanisms designed to enable you to communicate with others or to post content on LiveCareer Applications and on other third party sites, which may include bulletin boards and career, employment, education, workforce and other services that will help you advance your working life (the “Communication Services”). Please remember that any information you disclose while participating in the Communication Services becomes public information and is subject to redistribution by LiveCareer. You should exercise caution and discretion when deciding to disclose any personal information in a submission or posting. There is no expectation of privacy when posting, or otherwise participating on the Communication Services. If you post content, such as your contact information or other personally identifiable information on your resume, cover letter, or in other content using the Communication Services, please be aware that any information contained in such content is accessible to other users of the particular LiveCareer Application or Communication Service, including where your information has been posted on third party sites, and we have no control over how those users may use your personally identifiable information and have no responsibility for and do not endorse how those third parties may use your information. You should check the privacy policies of those third parties prior to posting any content which could be shared. We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with the Communication Services. We reserve the right to take action in connection with any content we deem to be inappropriate. Please review our Terms of Use for more information regarding your appropriate use of these Communication Services.

Information Collected Through Technology

In addition to information or other information that you choose to provide to us, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of online tracking technologies, such as cookies, Flash cookies and Web beacons, that automatically (or passively) collect certain information whenever you visit or interact with LiveCareer Applications ("Usage Information"). Usage Information may include the browser that you are using, the URL that referred you to the LiveCareer Applications, your IP address, or other unique identifier which is a number that is automatically assigned to the device (“Device”) used to access the LiveCareer Applications (“Device Identifier”), the regional location derived from your IP address or Geo-location data obtained from your Device as permitted in your settings on your Device, all of the areas within the LiveCareer Applications that you visit, and the time of day, among other information. Usage Information may be non-identifying or may be associated with personal information about you. This Usage Information is used for many purposes including, for example, to:

  * Provide identifying features to simplify your experience when you return to our LiveCareer Applications
  * Deliver relevant content based on your preferences, usage patterns and geo-location
  * Monitor and evaluate the use and operation of our LiveCareer Applications
  * Analyze traffic on our LiveCareer Applications and the applications of third parties



We may also use third parties’ analytic tools to collect Usage Information to better understand who is using the LiveCareer Applications, how people are using the LiveCareer Applications and how to improve the effectiveness of the LiveCareer Applications and its content. Those third parties might combine Usage Information they collect from your interaction with LiveCareer Applications with personal information they collect from other sources. We do not have access to, nor control over, third parties' use of cookies or other tracking technologies. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third parties to see your options for opting out of their use of such information. If you would like more information regarding which third party companies we use to provide these services who may be serving cookies or other tracking tools on our LiveCareer Applications or want to know more about your choices about not having this information collected or used by these companies, please click here.

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off such cookies through your browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. However, cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, please click www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html. If you choose to disable cookies on your Device, some features of the LiveCareer Applications may not function properly. For instance, if cookies are disabled, you will not be able to access all of the functions of our Sites.

Advertisers and third parties also may collect Usage Information about your activity on our LiveCareer Applications using online tracking technologies. Usage Information collected by these advertisers and third parties may be used to track who directed you to LiveCareer Applications and to decide which ads you see on our LiveCareer Applications and may or may not be tied to you personally. If you would like more information about advertisers' use of tracking technologies and about your option not to accept the cookies used to track your activities, you can go to [www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/). If you would like to learn more about how interest-based information is collected, and to understand your choices about not having information used in this manner you can go to [www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/)

Information You Provide About a Third Party

If you send someone else a communication from the LiveCareer Applications, such as sending an invitation to a friend, the information you provide (names, e-mail addresses, etc.) is used to facilitate the communication and is not used for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person or we explicitly say otherwise. Please ensure that you only send communications to friends or colleagues who would want to receive the information you send. If that person becomes a customer or registers with us, his/her information will be treated in the same manner as all other customers or registered users. Please be aware that when you use any send-to-a-friend functionality on the LiveCareer Applications, your e-mail address may be included in the communication sent to your friend

Information We Collect From Third Parties

We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically, such as information to validate or update your address, your billing information, or other demographic and lifestyle information. We use this information to help us maintain the accuracy of the information we collect, to target our communications so that we can inform you of products, services and offers that may be of interest, and for internal business analysis or other business purposes.

II. HOW WE USE AND SHARE YOUR INFORMATION

**Use of Information by Us.** We may use Information that we collect about you: (1) to fulfill products or services or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive; (2) to provide information we have received to third party career service providers, such as recruiters and potential employers; (3) to provide you with information regarding new features, products or services; (4) to improve the LiveCareer Applications or our Services and to customize your experience; (5) to contact you with regard to your use of the LiveCareer Applications and, in our discretion, changes to the LiveCareer Applications and/or their policies; (6) for internal business purposes; (7) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information, (8) to facilitate your participation in promotions, (9) to respond to your questions, comments or complaints, and (10) as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.

**LiveCareer Sharing of Information on Third Party Sites.** As one of our Services, if you opt in to use of any of our third party posting Services, LiveCareer will save you time and effort by posting your resume or career profile information on third party sites, including pre-populating data fields within our LiveCareer Applications and on third party sites using the information you have provided to LiveCareer, including information contained in your resumes, cover letters, Career Profiles, application forms, or information you have posted on LiveCareer Applications, or otherwise provided to us. Those third party sites are not controlled by us and, therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy and therefore we do not know how they will use this information nor do we know what default permissions you might be subject to by your authorizing us to post your information on your behalf on their sites. We recommend that you check the privacy policies of each such site where we may post your information, to determine how your personal information may be used by those third parties. (Sites found here)

**Contacting You.** When you provide us with contact information in connection with a particular activity or product or otherwise when using our Services, including an email address or telephone number in connection with that activity, product or service, you agree that this action constitutes a purchase or inquiry establishing a business relationship with us. You expressly consent to our communicating with you using this contact information about LiveCareer products and services and, unless you opt out of such sharing, to share your contact information with third parties. In addition, if you have chosen to participate in some of our career building Services, your contact information obtained directly from you or which is provided on documents you submit to us may be provided to third parties such as (i) resume editors, (ii) employers or recruiters who might contact you about career opportunities, and/or (iii) career, employment, education, workforce and other services providers, to will help you advance your working life (collectively, “Career Service Providers”). You attest that you have the legal authority over any contact information you provide to us, including your telephone number, and can provide us and/or those Career Service Providers with the authorization to contact you. This means you may be contacted in person or by recorded message, by e-mail, telephone and/or mobile telephone number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, IM messaging, or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving.

**LiveCareer Email Address.** LiveCareer also may provide you with a User career search email address (“User LiveCareer Email Address”) to receive career, product and service-related email alerts which may be required to be used depending on the Services you select. By using LiveCareer’s email services, you give LiveCareer permission to choose which emails which are sent to your User LiveCareer Email Address should be filtered and which should be forwarded to your LiveCareer User Email Address Inbox. You also give LiveCareer the permission to store copies of the filtered and forwarded emails you receive on its servers. LiveCareer does not receive or accept any authority over your usage of your LiveCareer User Email Address, and will not be held liable for anything related to your LiveCareer User Email Address. Please be advised that there is a risk involved whenever downloading email attachments to your computer and LiveCareer is not responsible for any damages caused by your decision to do so.

**Information Shared With Social Networking Sites.** You may be given the option to link your account on third party social networking services so that you can share your resume and other career related information and/or to comment on LiveCareer Applications or take advantage of other features of LiveCareer Applications. In that case, the authentication of your login credentials is conducted through that third party social networking service provider. If you choose to share information from the LiveCareer Applications through any social networking service provider you should review the privacy policies of that social networking service provider. You should also make sure that you are comfortable with the information your third party social networking service provider may make available to us by visiting those services’ privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services. By authorizing the social networking service provider to provide this information to us we reserve the right to use, transfer, assign, sell, share and provide access to such information in the same ways described in this Privacy Policy.

**Service Providers.** We may use affiliates and third party service providers located in the United States, Canada and in other countries to help us operate our business and the LiveCareer Applications or administer activities on our behalf, such as processing payments or serving. When we share information with service providers they agree to only use the information for those limited purposes. For additional information on the way in which our service providers treat your information, contact us as set out below.

**Transactional Communications.** We may send you notices from time to time relating to your account or your orders. These may include order confirmations, invoices or customer service notifications. We may also send you service-related announcements when it is necessary to do so; for instance, if any of our Services are temporarily suspended for maintenance, or the delivery of a product is delayed or there is some service issue with something you may have ordered. You may not opt-out of receiving these communications, which are not promotional in nature.

**Electronic Promotional Offers.** We may send you promotional emails regarding special offers about our Services or on behalf of third party marketing partners and/or share your email address and information you provided us upon registration with third parties such as colleges, universities, potential employers, recruiters/headhunters and marketers who we think can offer products, career opportunities, services or content of interest to you. In addition, we may send you free informational newsletters or notices relating to topics which may be of special interest to you, including career planning tools, financial aid and admissions tips, career opportunities and career advice. If you do not want to receive these newsletters or notices or emails from us regarding content of interest, special promotions or offers, or emails from any third party log onto "My Account" and then click the “My Settings” and “Preferences” links. You may also click the unsubscribe link in the footer of any marketing email or newsletter. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving promotional e-mails, we may continue to send you electronic transactional notifications that are related to your account(s), orders or other products or services you have requested.

**Direct Mail Promotional Offers.** We may sell, share or rent your name and mailing address which we obtain from information you provide or post with us, and certain other information, such as what Services you used, with reputable companies that provide marketing offers through direct mail. If you prefer not to have your name and mailing address shared with third parties for the purpose of third party direct mail promotional messages send an email to [directmail@LiveCareer.com](mailto:directmail.com) or write to North America LiveCareer, Inc., acting on behalf of LiveCareer Limited, 1 Hallidie Plaze Ste 306 San Francisco, CA 94102 ATTN: Marketing.

**Co-branded Areas.** Certain areas on our LiveCareer Applications may be provided to you in association with third parties such as sponsors or advertisers which provide products and or services (“Co-Branded Areas”). Such Co-Branded Areas will identify the third party. If you elect to register for the products and/or services provided at these Co-Branded Areas, either the personal information you provide will be provided to both us and the third party, or we might be providing that information directly to the third party in order for that third party to fulfill their products and services directly with you. Your information will be subject to this Privacy Policy as well as the privacy policy and practices of such third party. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of those third parties and you should consult the respective privacy policies of those third party sponsors or advertisers to learn more about their privacy practices.

**Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions.** We may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a “Promotion”) through the LiveCareer Applications that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to official rules that we will post governing that Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, your personal information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules.

**Legal Matters; Safety.** We may, without your consent, access and disclose your information, any communications sent or received by you (including, without limitation, the contents of any chat, messaging, or other communication posted in the Communication Services), and any other information that we may have about you or your account as may be permitted or required by applicable law (including, but not limited to, a court order or subpoena), or to prevent or investigate suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Use or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose your information and/or communications in situations that we believe to be: (i) emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or property if we believe that your information in any way relates to that threat; or (ii) your conduct on the LiveCareer Applications or when using the Communication Services which we believe is inappropriate and inconsistent with generally accepted norms of behavior.

**Sale or Transfer of Business or Assets.** In the event that we, or any of our businesses, are sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, or in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership, information about, or customers and users of our Services and LiveCareer Applications may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction. Information about our customers and users may also need to be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction where we or any one of our businesses are seeking financing, investment, support or funding. In such transactions, any information about you will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect when the information was obtained.

III. ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION

If for any reason you are concerned that the personal information you provided to us directly, such as your email address, contact information, or Billing Information is not correct and you wish to change it, you can update such information by logging into “My Account” or contacting us at [CustomerService@LiveCareer.com](mailto:customerservice@livecareer.com). Users who are experiencing problems with updating their information or users who wish to request access, updating and corrections of inaccuracies in other personal information we have in our custody or control should contact us at CustomerService@LiveCareer.com. If you change information in your account, we may still retain certain information associated with your account for analytical purposes and recordkeeping integrity, as well as to prevent fraud, resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use or other policies, take actions we deem necessary due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of our LiveCareer Applications. In addition, if certain information has already been provided to third parties as described in this Privacy Policy, retention of that information will be subject to those third parties' policies. We may also retain your information in our files however, to resolve disputes and enforce our Terms of Use.

IV. CHOICE AND OPT OUT

You may choose not to receive our promotional communications or you may opt out of our sharing information with third parties for marketing purposes by logging onto My Account” and clicking the “My Settings” and “Preferences” Links. You may also click the unsubscribe link in the footer of any email or newsletter. You may also close your account or you may email us at [Privacy@LiveCareer.com](mailto:privacy@livecareer.com). We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably possible but please note that changes requested of us may not be effective immediately. Also, despite any request for removal of or change your information, we may need to retain certain information for recordkeeping purposes and there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed or changed. Unless required by law, we are not responsible for informing third parties (including without limitation our third party service providers or strategic or marketing partners) with whom we have already shared your information of any changes requested pursuant to this section, or for removing information from or causing information to be removed from the databases or records of such entities.

V. IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES, PRACTICES AND CONTACT INFORMATION

**Links to other Sites and Interactive Communities.** To the extent hyperlinks may be utilized to access external or third party sites and interactive communities, you should be aware that these external or third party site and communities are not controlled by us and, therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We recommend that you check the privacy policies of each such site and community to determine how your personal information will be utilized by their proprietors.

**Security.** We have incorporated safeguards to help prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. However, no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and we cannot anticipate all potential misuse of data over the internet. Please note that we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to us, and your use of the LiveCareer Applications indicates that you are willing to assume this risk.

Tips To Use When Dealing With Prospective Employers

  * DO NOT PUT SENSITIVE INFORMATION, SUCH AS YOUR SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER, SOCIAL INSURANCE NUMBER, NATIONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBER, OR ANY STATE, PROVINCIAL OR OTHER LOCAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBER ON ANY DOCUMENT POSTED ONLINE OR VIA AN ONLINE APPLICATION.
  * Some LiveCareer Applications are open to the public, and we cannot guarantee that all users of our Services have a legitimate need for the information they seek. You should use careful judgment about whether and what information you provide.
  * Identity thieves may attempt to trick you into providing sensitive information. Do not provide any non-work related personal information (i.e., your identification numbers or eye color, marital status, etc.) over the phone or online.
  * Do not provide credit card or bank numbers or engage in a monetary transaction of any sort with a prospective employer.



Your California Privacy Rights (As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83)

California’s "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. We have such a policy in place. If you do not want us to send you emails regarding special promotions or offers or share your email address with third parties so that they can send you emails about their products and services, simply follow the unsubscribe instructions that are located at the bottom of those emails or you can log onto My Account” and click the “My Settings” and “Preferences” links. If you do not want us to send you any offers from third parties through postal direct mail or share your name and mailing address with third parties so that they can send you postal direct mail offers about their products and services, please send an email to [DirectMail@LiveCareer.com](mailto:directmail@livecareer.com) or write to North America LiveCareer, Inc., acting on behalf of LiveCareer Limited, 1 Hallidie Plaze Ste 306 San Francisco, CA 94102 ATTN: Marketing. California customers may request further information about our approach to this law by contacting us.

**Children's Privacy.** The LiveCareer Applications are intended for general adult audiences and you represent that you are over the age of majority in your jurisdiction of residence in accordance with LiveCareer’s Terms of Use. If we have any reason to believe you are not the age of majority or older we may terminate your access to the LiveCareer Application and Services. We therefore do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals under the age of majority. If we later obtain actual knowledge that a user is under the age of majority, we will take steps to remove that user’s Personal Information from our systems.

**Changes to the Privacy Policy.** We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on our Sites, with the "Effective Date" posted at the top of the Policy. We will use information previously obtained in accordance with the Privacy Policy in effect when the information was obtained from you. By accessing the LiveCareer Applications after the Effective Date, you are deemed to consent to our then-current Privacy Policy.

**Disputes.** If you choose to visit the LiveCareer Applications your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including without limitation, limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of governing laws.

**No Rights of Third Parties.** This Privacy Policy does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any information relating to users of LiveCareer Applications.

**Contacting Us.** If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the manner in which we or our service providers treat your Personal Information, or the practices of LiveCareer, please send your email queries to [Privacy@LiveCareer.com](mailto:privacy@livecareer.com) or write to LiveCareer UK Limited, 7 Albemarle Street, London, United Kingdom, W1S 4HQ.
