> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the livescore.net privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130605213233id_/http%3A//livescore.net/soccer/policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LiveScore.com : Privacy Policy

  
LiveScore Ltd, and its affiliates are deeply committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. Below is information outlining our continued support for the responsible management of consumer information. 

**Consumer Information**

During the process of delivering an information to you via our website, LiveScore Ltd does not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. However, LiveScore Ltd may or may not obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet, your browser type, the type of computer operating system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example), or what screen resolution you use. The information collected by LiveScore Ltd is used for the purpose of improving your browsing experience on our website. 

In some cases, you may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a survey, registering for an online competiton, signing up for a newsletter or personalizing your LiveScore Ltd pages. If this does occur, LiveScore Ltd will under no circumstances use such personal information for any purposes other than the ones you have provided them for.

 **What are cookies and why do we use them ?**

LiveScore Ltd, as well as most sites on the Internet, uses "cookies" to enhance your experience on the web. LiveScore Ltd cannot use these cookies to personally identify you in any way.

A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent to your browser from a World Wide Web Server. This block of data can be anything, a unique user ID generated by the server, the current date and time, the IP Address of where the browser is logged onto the net or any other chunk of data that you want.

After a browser receives a cookie it will then send that cookie to the server that set it whenever it is appropriate and required/requested. The browser will only send the cookie to the server that originally set it. This means that the server can't tell if your browser has cookies that other sites have sent.

 **Security & Privacy**

An HTTP Cookie cannot be used to get data from your hard drive, get your email address or _steal_  sensitive information about your person.

The LiveScore Ltd Web Server(s) will send a Cookie to a Client system when our adserver serves an ad in order to record unique ID associated with this ad so that should you decide to click on the ad, your browser _knows_  which advertiser's web page to redirect you to. We may or may not also use cookies to enhance your experience on our website (personalization,...).

We believe cookies to be harmless, and will eventually be to everyone's benefit (end users, as well as site builders). 

**from The World Wide Web Consortium :** "Cookies cannot be used to _steal_  information about you or your computer system."

If you do not want the benefit of cookies, there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies. Please consult your web browser's Help documentation for more information.

 **Third party ad serving**

LiveScore Ltd also works with some other third parties that serve ads to this site (i.e. Doubleclick, Realmedia, 24/7, Zedo,...). We only choose to use ad serving solutions of companies whose Privacy Policy is in line with ours and if you would like to find out more about how they manage the privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site, or if you have any additional questions about our dedication to consumer privacy, please contact us at [LiveScore Ltd.](https://web.archive.org/soccer/contact/)
