> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the liveops.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151206155503id_/http%3A//www.liveops.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | LiveOps Cloud Contact Center | Call Center Software

We sometimes collect non-identifiable information from visits to our websites to help us provide better customer service. For example, we keep track of the domains from which people visit, and we also measure visitor activity on LiveOps Web sites, but we do so in ways that keep the information non-identifiable. This information is sometimes known as "clickstream data." LiveOps or others on LiveOps' behalf may use this data to analyze trends and statistics and to help us provide better customer service.

Also, when we collect data, including personal data, from you in a transaction, we may extract some information about that transaction in a non-identifiable format and combine it with other non-identifiable information such as clickstream data. This information is used and analyzed only at an aggregate level to help us understand trends and patterns. This information is not reviewed at an individual level. If you do not want your transaction details used in this manner you can disable your cookies.

We collect the information mentioned in the previous paragraphs through the use of various technologies such as scripts, beacons, tags, including "cookies." A cookie is a piece of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as an anonymous tag that identifies your computer but not you. Some LiveOps pages use cookies, sent by LiveOps or its third party vendors and customers, or other technologies to better serve you when you return to the website. You can set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept, or decline it. You can also set your browser to turn off cookies. If you do so, however, some features of our websites may not work optimally.

Some LiveOps websites also use Web beacons or other technologies to better tailor those sites to provide better customer service. These technologies such as cookies, scripts, tags and beacons may be in use on a number of pages across LiveOps' websites and may be set by third party vendors. When a visitor accesses these pages, a non-identifiable notice of that visit is generated which may be processed by LiveOps, our customers, or by our suppliers. These Web beacons usually work in conjunction with cookies. If you don't want your cookie information to be associated with your visits to these pages, you can set your browser to turn off cookies. We do not have access or control over these third party technologies.

If you turn off cookies, Web beacons and other technologies will still detect visits to these pages, but the notices they generate cannot be associated with other non-identifiable cookie information and are disregarded.

When you visit LiveOps websites, we may also collect your Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses to track and aggregate non-personal information, or to provide additional data protection. For example, we use IP addresses to monitor the regions from which visitors navigate our web sites.

Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our website or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their [own management tools for removing HTML5](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html).

We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking [here](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/) (or if located in the European Union click [here](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/)). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.

Our websites include Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
