> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the livebooks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209070234id_/http%3A//www.livebooks.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - liveBooks

### liveBooks Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy was last updated: July 15, 2013 

This Privacy Policy is effective as of: November 6, 2006 

Thank you for visiting the Internet web site located at the following universal resource locator: [www.livebooks.com](http://www.livebooks.com/ "liveBooks") (the "Site"). This Privacy Policy details certain policies governing liveBooks administrators’ (“liveBooks”) use of personally identifiable information provided to liveBooks via the Site, as well as through use of our software and services on or in connection with the Site. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the liveBooks.com Terms of Use. By your use of and/or registration on liveBooks, you expressly consent to the use and disclosure of your personal information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use liveBooks. LiveBooks reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time without prior notice. The date of the most recent revision will appear on this page, and your continued use of liveBooks will constitute your acceptance of any revisions of this Privacy Policy. 

#### Information Collection and Use

You can generally visit our Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, in certain sections of the Site, to use certain services or purchase products, we may require you to register for an account or we may invite you to submit questions or comments or request information. Due to the nature of some of these activities, we may ask that you complete an online form and/or ordering process and provide personally identifiable information such as your name and/or company name, email address, address, phone number, password, username, credit card information and occupation. We also may collect information about you and your use of the Site, services and/or software through your use of the Site, services and/or software. 

We may use your personally identifiable information to deliver certain services, products or information you have requested, provide you with notices regarding the products or services you have purchased, provide you with notices regarding products or services you may wish to purchase in the future, verify your authority to enter the Site and improve the content and general administration of the Site. 

We also may collect your personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide to us when you submit your comments and/or feedback to the Site. Other users will be able to view your comments and your name you have entered when posting your comments to the Site. 

#### Cookies

We may use small text files called cookies to improve overall experience on the Site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you other than as referred to above. 

#### Aggregate Information

The Site may track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site and IP addresses, and we may analyze these data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. Such aggregate information is not linked to any personally identifiable information that can identify any individual person. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. 

#### Disclosure

We may provide the information we collect, including your personally identifiable information and the data generated by cookies, to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us. For example, we may provide your personally identifiable information to an organization in order to complete a service (e.g., data storage companies, or to process your payment). Such third party entities may be obligated to not further disclose your personally identifiable information. We will also disclose your personally identifiable information (a) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority, (b) to enforce the liveBook's Terms of Use or Hosting and License Agreement or to protect our rights, or (c) to protect the safety of users of the Site and our services and software. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any other company or organization except we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which liveBooks participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of liveBooks's assets to which the Site relate. 

#### Children's Privacy

liveBooks recognizes the privacy interests of children, and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. The Site are not intended for children under the age of 13. liveBooks targets its services and the Site to adults and not to children under 13. liveBooks does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. 

#### Links to Third Party Sites

The Site may provide links to other Web sites or resources over which liveBooks does not have control ("External Web sites"). Such links do not constitute an endorsement by liveBooks of those External Web sites. You acknowledge that liveBooks is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that liveBooks is not responsible for the content of such External Web sites. Your use of External Web sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked External Web sites. 

#### Security

We may employ procedural and technological measures that are reasonably designed to protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction such as password protection and other internal restrictions and other security measures. 

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you may contact liveBooks by emailing [privacy@weddingwire.com](mailto:privacy@weddingwire.com "Email Us"). 
