> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the livingdeal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180906042238id_/https%3A//livingdeal.com/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Terms and Conditions \ Privacy Policy | LivingDeal

**Terms and Conditions of Use, Privacy Policy and Return Policy (“Terms”)**

Effective August 15, 2012 (last updated July 18, 2013)

PLEASE NOTE: OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS, PRIVACY POLICY AND RETURN POLICIES MAY CHANGE FROM TIME TO TIME AND CHANGES ARE EFFECTIVE UPON POSTING. PLEASE CHECK BACK FREQUENTLY FOR UPDATES AS IT IS YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO BE AWARE OF CHANGES. LIVINGDEAL.COM MAY NOT PROVIDE NOTICES OF CHANGES IN ANY MANNER OTHER THAN BY POSTING THE CHANGES AT THIS WEB SITE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY PLEASE DO NOT PROVIDE ANY INFORMATION TO LIVING DEAL OR USE ANY OF THE SERVICES OR PRODUCTS OFFERED OR PROVIDED ON ANY OF THE WEBSITES REFERRED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.

By using our website at [www.livingdeal.com](http://www.livingdeal.com/) you consent and agree to be bound by these Terms and also to be bound by the collection, use and disclosure of personal information and to the privacy practices set out in these Terms. We expressly reserve the right to change any element of these Terms at any time.

**Terms and Conditions**

**Your permission to use the LivingDeal.com website is contingent on the following:**

  * You are 18 years of age or older to purchase any Deal;
  * You will not copy or distribute any part of the website in any medium without the prior written approval of Living Deal Corp.;
  * You will provide accurate information when creating an account or registering for our Services;
  * You are solely responsible for your User ID and the activity that occurs while signed in to or while using the website;
  * You will not harvest or collect any personally identifiable information, including account names, email addresses, or other such information, for commercial purposes;
  * You will not use the communication systems provided by or contacts made on LivingDeal.com for any commercial solicitation purposes;
  * You represent that you own or have the necessary licenses, rights, permissions, and consents to use and authorize Living Deal Corp. to use any and all content submitted by you to LivingDeal.com ;
  * You will not submit content that is copyrighted or subject to third party proprietary rights, including privacy, publicity, trade secret, etc., unless you are the owner of such rights or have the appropriate permission from their rightful owner to specifically submit such content to LivingDeal.com; and hereby affirm we have the right to determine whether any of your content submissions are appropriate and comply with these Terms of Service, remove any and/or all of your submissions, and terminate your account with or without prior notice.



**Privacy Policy**

**Newsletters:**

You may sign up and subscribe to receive our newsletters. We may use the information that you provide to us, such as your date of birth, sex, or other preferences, to provide customized newsletters that may be of interest to you. You have the option to unsubscribe to newsletters at any time.

**Information Collected:**

What will you do with my email address? You will receive our daily Living Deal offer and information about other products and services which may be of interest to you in your inbox (if you have signed up for it), and occasional alerts relating to your purchase(s). What will you do with my credit card and billing information? This information is recorded via a Secure Socket Layer connection (SSL) and is fully encrypted. Your information is VERY SECURE! We value security as much as you do.

We collect two types of information from you: (i) information that you voluntarily provide to us; and (ii) information derived through automatic tracking mechanisms.

Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies a specific end user. When you engage in certain activities on the LivingDeal.com website, such as creating an account, ordering a product or service from us or our partners, submitting content and/or posting content in discussion forums, entering a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by us or our partners, filling out a survey, posting a review, sending us or our partners feedback, requesting information about our services, submitting an affiliate agreement, applying for a job, posting a video or signing up for special offers from third parties through the website (collectively, "Identification Activities"), we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. It is optional for you to engage in an "Identification Activity". If you elect to engage in an Identification Activity, however, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip/postal code), email address, telephone number and date of birth. When you order products or services, we may also ask you to provide us with your credit card number, expiration date and authentication codes or related information. Depending on the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some is identified as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory information for a particular activity that requires it, you will not be permitted to engage in that activity.

We use Personally Identifiable Information to provide products and services to you, administer sweepstakes and contests, enhance the operation of the website, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze website usage, improve our product and service offerings, and to tailor your experience with third parties as provided within this Privacy Policy. For example, if you send our customer service an email we may use your comments and feedback to tell others about our services, and may post your comment in our marketing materials or on our website. In addition, if you use our website to send information or a product to another person, we may store your personal information, and the personal information of any recipient. We may use that other person's contact information to allow him or her to view and accept your gift or to allow the recipient to access the information you requested we send. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our website Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities.

Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific end user. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the website you visited before coming to our website, the URL of the website you visit after leaving our website, the type of browser you are using and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. We, and/or our authorized third party service providers and advertisers, may automatically collect this information when you visit our website through the use of electronic tools like cookies and web beacons or pixel tags, as described in this Privacy Policy. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, however if you choose to erase or block your cookies, you will need to re-enter your user ID and password to gain access to certain parts of the website. We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the website, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized third party service providers and advertisers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, and programming.

**How we use your Personally Identifiable Information:**

We only use your Personally Identifiable Information for the purposes for which it is collected or as otherwise set out in this policy. We may share your information with Authorized Third Party Service Providers since we provide services and products through third parties. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such Service Providers to fulfill orders, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, process credit card payments, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies (“Affiliates”) with whom we have business relationships and may share your information with Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. For example, when you order a service, we release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for the service and, if applicable, release your address to the delivery service to deliver the service. However, the use of your Personally Identifiable Information by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not subject to our control.

We may remarket your Personally Identifiable Information to third party advertisers, service providers and suppliers for secondary marketing purposes. Remarketing is a way for us to connect with users, based upon your past interactions with the LivingDeal.com website. Third-party marketing vendors may be hired to perform remarketing services. Third-party vendors may use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits. Users may opt out of the use of cookies by visiting the search engine’s advertising opt-out page, for example, if you use the Google search engine, at <http://www.google.com/policies/privacy>. This information is used only for remarketing purposes and will not be used by them for any other purpose.

We may share some or all of your Personally Identifiable Information with Living Deal Corp.’s related and affiliated companies, so that they may send daily deal e-mails to you, in which case we will require them to honor this Privacy Policy. In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personally Identifiable Information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any entity that acquires us may continue to process your Personally Identifiable Information in the normal course of their business activities.

In addition, we may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; or (b) to protect and defend our rights or property, you, or third parties. You hereby consent to us sharing your Personal Information under the circumstances described herein.

**Additional Terms**

**Visitor material and conduct:**

Other than Personally Identifiable Information, which is covered under our Privacy Policy, any material you transmit or post to the website shall be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. We shall have no obligations with respect to such material. We and our designees shall be free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use such material and all data, images, sounds, text and other things embodied therein for any and all commercial or non-commercial purposes if we so decide to.

You are prohibited from posting or transmitting any material to or from the LivingDeal.com website that is threatening, defamatory, obscene, indecent, seditious, offensive, pornographic, abusive, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, menacing, scandalous, inflammatory, blasphemous, in breach of confidence, in breach of privacy or which may cause annoyance or inconvenience; or for which you have not obtained all necessary licenses and/or approvals; or which constitutes or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offence, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise be contrary to the law of or infringe the rights of any third party, in any country in the world; or which is technically harmful (including, without limitation, computer viruses, logic bombs, Trojan horses, worms, harmful components, logic bombs, corrupted data or other malicious software or harmful data). You may not misuse the website (including by hacking). We shall fully co-operate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing Living Deal Corp. to disclose the identity or locate anyone posting any material in breach of these Terms and Conditions.

**General Rules:**

When you use the LivingDeal.com website, you can publish and obtain access to various kinds of information and materials, all of which we call "Content." Content also includes information and materials posted to the website by you. You agree not to revise or obscure Content posted by others (including advertising and promotions authorized by us), and you agree not to post or use any Content in any manner that: infringes the copyright, trademark, trade secret, or other intellectual property or proprietary right of others, violates the privacy, publicity, or other rights of third parties, is unlawful, defamatory, discriminatory, libelous, pornographic, obscene, abusive, threatening, harassing, pornographic, hateful, or encourages conduct that would be considered a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, violate any law, or is otherwise inappropriate, as determined by Living Deal Corp. in its sole discretion, is false or inaccurate, or could damage our company, parent company, sister companies, affiliates, advertisers, or other parties. Though we strive to enforce these rules with all of our users, you may be exposed through the website or services to Content that violates our policies or is otherwise offensive. You may use the website and services at your own risk. We may, but are not obligated to, terminate user accounts and/or remove Content from the website if we determine or suspect that those accounts or Content violate the terms of use of the website or any applicable agreement with the offending user(s). We take no responsibility for your exposure to Content on the website whether it violates our content policies or not.

**Children** : Minors under the age of 13 may not use the Website. We do not collect or maintain information from anyone known to be under the age of 13, and no part of the website is designed to attract anyone under the age of 13.

**Public Areas:**  We may provide areas on the website where you can publicly post information about yourself, can communicate with others, or can review products, restaurants, and submit media content. This information may be accessible by other consumers and companies and may appear on other websites or web searches, and therefore this information could be read, collected, and used by others. For example, if you post your email address along with a public restaurant review, you may receive unsolicited messages. We have no control over who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so please use caution when posting any personal information.

**Links to and from other websites:**

Links to third party websites on the LivingDeal.com website are provided solely for your convenience. If you use these links, you leave the LivingDeal.com website. We have not reviewed all of these third party websites and do not control and are not responsible for these websites or their content or availability. We therefore do not endorse or make any representations about them, or any material found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. If you decide to access any of the third party websites linked to the LivingDeal.com website, you do so entirely at your own risk.

**Contact Information:**

**For questions or concerns regarding your personal information and our Privacy Policy, or to update, correct or delete your personal information, please contact us[here](mailto:support@livingdeal.com) OR call us during normal business hours at 833 880 1386**
