> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the livspace.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160510011443id_/http%3A//www.livspace.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Livspace.com

### 1\. WE TAKE PRIVACY SERIOUSLY

We at livspace.com ("livspace," "we," "us," or "our") know that our customers ("you," "your," or "yourself") care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy very seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. By visiting or using the www.livspace.com website and domain name, any other linked pages, content and any other services we offer from time to time in connection with any of the foregoing (collectively, the "Website"), you agree to the practices and policies set forth in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby acknowledge and consent to our collection and use of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. 

Our first promise to you is that we will not collect any information about you that we do not need to make your experience at livspace delightful and will always protect all information about you. We comply with the privacy laws in all regions that we operate in and do more to keep your information confidential. We do everything we reasonably can to protect your rights of privacy on systems and the Website controlled by us, but we are not liable for any unauthorised or unlawful disclosures of your personal and confidential information made by third parties who are not subject to our control, for example advertisers and websites that have links to our Website. You should take note that the information and privacy practices of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors or other sites to which we provide hyperlinks, may be different from ours. This privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this document periodically. 

### 2\. WHAT WE COLLECT

When you register on livspace, we collect some information about you, to complete your profile on livspace. This may include some or all of the following: 

  * Information about your personal identity such as gender, marital status, age, preferences, likes and dislikes etc.
  * Your financial information such as your banking details and any information relating to your income and lifestyle levels.
  * Your contact details such as your physical addresses, postal addresses, telephone numbers etc.
  * In the case you connect with facebook (if so opted by you)  (a) publicly available information of you, likes and dislikes, etc. (b) Payment and Account Information: Your account history with us including (without limitation) all billing information and communications, payment history etc. We maintain this in encrypted form on secure servers. (c) Service Usage: Information about your navigation using our Services, for example the URLs of websites, which you visit and from which you request downloads. (d) Log information:Information such as your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, date and time of request. (e) Transactional Information: Transactional history (other than banking details) about your e-commerce activities. (f) Correspondence Information: Content, information about your correspondents, and the destination/origin of communications between you and any other person using our Services, which include email communications, blog, chat room and discussion board communications, instant message communications, experts forum communications, faxmail communications, membership of mailing lists etc. (g) User IDs: Your usernames, passwords, email addresses and other security-related information used by you in relation to our Services. (h) Stored Information: Data either created by you or by a third party and which you wish to store on our servers such as image files, documents etc. 



We only collect your Personal Information to conduct our business and to enable us to deliver and improve our Services. We do not for any reason whatsoever sell your Personal Information to any third party or otherwise trade on it. 

### 3\. WE DO NOT SHARE YOUR INFORMATION

We will only disclose your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If we want to use it for any other purpose, we will obtain your prior written consent. If you decline to submit personal information to us, then we will unfortunately not be in a position to provide the Services to you. Any of your information which you provide when you use certain Services and are to an open, public environment or forum including (without limitation) any blog, community or discussion board, is not confidential, does not constitute Personal Information, and is not subject to protection under Privacy Policy. Since such public environments are accessible by third parties, it is possible that third parties may collect and collate and use such information for their own purposes. You should accordingly be careful when deciding to share any of your Personal Information in such public environments. Information, which is disclosed publicly, is also shared with our affiliates, third party service providers, sponsors of competitions etc. unless expressly stated otherwise. We are not liable to you or any third party for any damages that you or any third party may suffer howsoever arising from your disclosure of Personal Information in any public environment. You accordingly disclose information in a public environment at your own risk. 

### 4\. WHY WE NEED WHAT WE COLLECT

We collect your Profiling and Account Information for the following reasons: (a) We need your identity details, contact details, banking information and account history to manage our relationship with you and provide Services to you. We may use this information for suggesting products and promotional offers and schemes. We will only disclose this information as provided below. (b) We use certain of your information in an aggregated form to compile statistical and demographical profiles for our business and marketing activities. We may disclose such information about you, provided that the information is in an aggregated form that is not capable of being used or interpreted in such a manner as to identify you. We collect and store your Service Usage and Transactional Information to: (a) determine and verify the Service Charges payable by you and to administer our relationship with you. (b) comply with any statutory or regulatory requirement. (c) compile statistical and demographical profiles about you for our business and marketing activities and to customise our Services to you. While we are entitled to use such information about you for our own internal business purposes without limitation, we will only disclose it in an aggregated form which is not capable of being used or interpreted in such a manner as to identify you; and (d) monitor your use of our Services for the purposes of ensuring compliance with our Terms of Service. We collect and store your Correspondence Information and Personal Identifiers to: (a) comply with our obligations under law; and (b) monitor your use of our Services in order to ensure your compliance with our Terms of Service. 

### 5\. WHEN WE MAY NEED TO DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION

If we are required to intercept, disclose, monitor and/or store your Personal Information: (a) by law (b) to conduct our business (c) to secure our systems and ensure the privacy of our users (d) to enforce our own rights, we will do so in the manner as prescribed by law. 

Such interception, disclosure, monitoring and storage may take place without your knowledge. In that case, we will not be liable to you or any third party for any damages howsoever arising from such interception, disclosure, monitoring and storage. In order to ensure that all our Users comply with the Terms of Service, we may monitor your Personal Information to the extent that this may be required to determine compliance and/or to identify instances of non-compliance. To ensure that the security and integrity of our Services are safeguarded, we may monitor your Personal Information. This monitoring may include (without limitation) the filtering of incoming and outgoing electronic data messages to identify, limit and/or prevent the transmission of spam, viruses and/or unlawful, defamatory, obscene or otherwise undesirable material or content. We may under certain circumstances procure an element of the Services from a third party service provider. To the extent that it may be necessary, and solely for the purposes of providing the Service to you, you agree that we may disclose to such third party any of your Personal Information that may be necessary for the procurement of services from the third party. 
