> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the plivo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-04-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160408130754id_/http%3A//www.plivo.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Plivo

Last Updated: March 30, 2012

Plivo enables its users (“they“, “their“, “you“ or “your“), via its website (http://www.plivo.com) (the “Website”), its API, its services or other means, to build Voice and Messaging Applications, using their existing web development skills (collectively, the “Plivo Cloud”). The Plivo Cloud is owned and operated by Plivo Inc., a Delaware corporation (“its“, “Plivo”, “we” or “us”).

Your use of the Website and the Plivo Cloud is subject to the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”)

PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE OR THE PLIVO CLOUD, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR WEBSITE TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE OR THE PLIVO CLOUD.

We are committed to respect and protect the privacy of the personal information we obtain from you through our Website and we have created this Privacy Policy to inform you about how we collect, use and share your personal information, and our privacy practices in general.

We are always ready to address your questions and concerns regarding this policy and our privacy practices. If you would like to contact Customer Service, please contact us [www.plivo.com/contact/support](https://www.plivo.com/contact/support/).

We continually strive to find new ways to enhance your experience with the Website and the Plivo Cloud and we may modify this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect changes in our privacy practices. You are strongly encouraged to review this Privacy Policy periodically and to check the “Last Updated” date at the top of the Privacy Policy for the most recent version. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of notice on the Website or otherwise through the Plivo Cloud.

Terms of Service. Use of the Website and the Plivo Cloud is subject to the terms of our Terms of Service, which is hereby incorporated into and made part of this Privacy Policy. Please carefully review our Terms of Service. By using the Website or the Plivo Cloud, you agree to be bound by the terms of our Terms of Service.

Types and Uses of Collected Information. Plivo collects two types of information about you:

Personally Identifiable Information. Personally Identifiable Information is information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, home or other physical address, email address, phone number, or other contact information. When you engage in certain activities on this Website or through your participation in the Plivo Cloud, including but not limited to creating an account, sending feedback, making calls, or otherwise participating in the Plivo Cloud (collectively, “Identification Activities”), we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. If you elect to engage in an Identification Activity, however, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as your name, address (including zip code), email address, telephone number, and date of birth. When you enroll in the Plivo Cloud, we may also ask you to provide us with additional information, such as credit card information. Depending on the Identification Activity, some of the information we ask you to provide may be identified as mandatory and some identified as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory information for a particular Identification Activity that requires it, you will not be permitted to engage in that Identification Activity. Depending on the Identification Activity, Plivo may not ask you again for Personally Identifiable Information if such are already stored with us under the Plivo Cloud.

If you choose to refer someone through the Plivo Cloud, we will ask you for your referral’s contact information, such as his or her name and email address. We may then send your friend an email inviting him or her to visit the Website and/or join the Plivo Cloud. Plivo stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this email and maintaining the Plivo Cloud. Your friend may contact us at [www.plivo.com/contact/support](https://www.plivo.com/contact/support/) to request that we remove his or her contact information from our records.

We may use Personally Identifiable Information, including call history, to provide products and/or services to you, administer sweepstakes and contests, enhance the operation of the Website and the Plivo Cloud, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze Website and Plivo Cloud use, improve the Website and the Plivo Cloud, and to tailor your experience with third parties as provided below in this Privacy Policy. If you use our Website or the Plivo Cloud to send information to another person, we may store your personal information. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities.

We may keep a cached copy of the content you serve us as a part of your use of the Plivo Cloud, including media files and XML files. We may keep copies of HTTP requests and responses in your notification log. If your web server does not specify that we can cache your content, we will not keep a cached copy of any text or audio data transmitted through the Plivo Cloud during calls, but we may still maintain copies in your notification log. If data privacy is a concern, you should make sure your server does not allow us to cache such content, and contact us so that we may turn off other application logging around requests to and responses from your application. Plivo may keep call log, notification log, billing/ payment, and other log data.

Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific person. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the website you visited before coming to our Website or otherwise participating in the Plivo Cloud, the URL of the website you visit after leaving our Website or the Plivo Cloud, the type of browser you are using, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, or general and/or aggregated location data that does constitute Personally Identifiable Information. We, and/or our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers, may automatically collect this information when you visit our Website or use the Plivo Cloud through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags, as described below in this Privacy Policy.

We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Website and the Plivo Cloud, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, and programming.

Release of Personally Identifiable Information. We will not sell or share your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties except as provided below:

Authorized Third Party Service Providers. Plivo may provide services and products through third parties. You also may elect to use one or more third party applications that integrate with the Plivo Cloud. These “Third Party Service Providers” perform functions on our or your behalf. You or We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such Third Party Service Providers to fulfill orders, move data in or out of the Plivo Cloud, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, operate the Website and the Plivo Cloud, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies (“Affiliates”) with whom we have business relationships and may share your information with Third Party Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. We encourage Affiliates and Third Party Service Providers to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your Personally Identifiable Information by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not subject to our control.

Acquisition. As with any other company, we could merge with, or be acquired by another company. If this occurs, the successor company would acquire the information we maintain, including Personally Identifiable Information. However, Personally Identifiable Information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy.

As required by law. We reserve the right to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Website; enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, Terms of Service or other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of the Website, users of the Plivo Cloud, employers, or others.

Release of Non-Personally Identifiable Information. We may disclose or share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with Affiliates and Third Party Service Providers, and Third Party Advertisers. For example, we may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any Personally Identifiable Information) with “Third Party Advertisers” or “Third Party Advertising Companies.” We may use Third Party Advertising Companies to serve ads when you visit our Website or participate in the Plivo Cloud. These companies may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits to this Website, your use of the Plivo Cloud, and visits to other websites or locations in order to provide, through the use of network tags, advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. We also use Third Party Service Providers to track and analyze Non-Personally Identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our users to administer our Website and the Plivo Cloud, in order to constantly improve their quality. We may also publish this information for promotional purposes or as a representative audience for Third Party Advertisers. Such data is collected on our behalf, and is owned and used by Plivo.

Updating Information. If you are enrolled in the Plivo Cloud, you may change any of your Personally Identifiable Information by logging into your account and accessing the “Account Profile” page. We encourage you to promptly update your Personally Identifiable Information if it changes, as out-of-date Personally Identifiable Information may negatively affect the quality of your Plivo Cloud use and experience. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on the Website or through the Plivo Cloud. Additionally, it may be impossible for us to completely delete all of your information because we periodically backup information.

Choices on Collection/Use of Information. You can always choose not to provide certain information, although a certain level of information is required to engage in activities on the Website and to use the Plivo Cloud. You cannot opt-out of Administrative Emails. “Administrative Emails” relate to a your activity on the Website and the Plivo Cloud, and include but are not limited to emails regarding a your account, requests or inquiries, and purchases of products and services. If you do not want to receive promotional emails from us, you may elect to opt-out of receiving promotional emails at any time after registering by hitting the “unsubscribe” button at the bottom of any of our e-mails.

Security of Information. You can access your Personally Identifiable Information on our Website with your password and username. This password is encrypted. We advise against sharing your password with anyone. In addition, your Personally Identifiable Information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to. We may encrypt certain sensitive information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information is safe as it is transmitted to us. However, no data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with companies that do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Website or via the Plivo Cloud, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information.

Data Tracking Cookies. To facilitate and customize your experience with the Website and the Plivo Cloud, we may store cookies on your computer or other similar device through which you access the Website or Plivo Cloud. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer or other device for record-keeping purposes which contains information about you. We use cookies to save you time while using the Website and the Plivo Cloud, remind us who you are, and track and target your interests in order to provide a customized experience. Cookies also allow us to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information from you, like which pages you visited, what links you clicked on, and how you used the Plivo Cloud. We may use Third Party Advertising Companies to display advertisements on our Website. As part of their service, they may place separate cookies on your computer or similar device. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by our Website and the Plivo Cloud only and does not cover the use of cookies by any Advertiser. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, however you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline cookies. Please note that if you decline or delete these cookies, some parts of the Website or the Plivo Cloud may not work properly.

Other Tracking Devices. We may use other industry standard technologies like pixel tags and web beacons to track your use of our Website pages and promotions, or we may allow our Third Party Service Providers to use these devices on our behalf. Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on certain pages on our Website, or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, pixel tags and web beacons generate a Non-Personally Identifiable notice of that action. Pixel tags allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior on our Website, as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance. We may also utilize pixel tags and web beacons provided by our Affiliates and/or marketing partners for the same purposes.

Privacy Policies of Third Party Websites. This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on http://www.plivo.com and via the Plivo Cloud. Other websites or services that may be accessible through this Website or the Plivo Cloud, such as Third Party Service Providers, may have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. If you use, link or visit any such website, we urge you review the website’s privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.

Privacy Settings. As a user, you may have limited access to privacy settings. These settings help hide information you wish to share with other users and/or the public. It is up to you to select the appropriate privacy settings. If you don’t agree with the available privacy settings, please stop using the Website and the Plivo Cloud.

Public Areas. We may provide areas on our Website or via the Plivo Cloud where you can publicly post information about yourself including your location, can communicate with others such as discussion boards, chat rooms, or blogs. This information may be accessible by other non-users, users, and companies and may appear on other websites or web searches, and therefore this information could be read, collected, and used by others. We have no control over who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so please use caution when posting any content or providing anything that could be deemed personal information.

Notice of Privacy Rights to California Residents. California law requires that we provide you with a summary of your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”) and the California Business and Professions Code. As required by COPPA, we will provide you with the categories of Personally Identifiable Information that we collect through the Website and the categories of third party persons or entities with whom such Personally Identifiable Information may be shared for direct marketing purposes at your request. California law requires us to inform you, at your request,

(1) the categories of Personally Identifiable Information we collect and what third parties we share that information with;

(2) the names and addresses of those third parties; and

(3) examples of the products marketed by those companies. COPPA further requires us to allow you to control who you do not want us to share that information with. To obtain this information, please send a request by email or physical mail to the address found below. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Personally Identifiable Information you do not want us to share with Affiliates or marketing partners. The request should be sent to the attention of our legal department, and labeled “California Customer Choice Notice.” Please allow 30 days for a response. Also, please note that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information or requesting this notice.

We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for Plivo Services or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will take steps to remove such information and terminate the child’s account as soon as possible. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at [www.plivo.com/contact/support](https://www.plivo.com/contact/support/).

Customer Service. For assistance or questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the Plivo Cloud, you may email us at [www.plivo.com/contact/support](https://www.plivo.com/contact/support/).
