> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fourgenerationsoneroof.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161126202756id_/http%3A//www.fourgenerationsoneroof.com/advertising-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Advertising & Privacy Policy - Four Generations One Roof

Four Generations One Roof LLC is a personal blog written and edited by Jessica. This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.

*This site occasionally shares affiliate links for feature products that we use and love. If you purchase something from a link we share (ie. from amazon) we may receive a tiny portion of revenue from said brand which goes to hosting fees and such which allow us to keep our site up and running.

The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

The owner(s) of this blog may/may not be compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner(s) of this blog receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, we always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the bloggers’ own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.

This blog may/may not contain content which might present a conflict of interest. This content will always be identified.

**Readership:**

In a very short time our blog has provided us with the opportunity to meet so many wonderful people, our readers. They are loyal, engaged, clever and intelligent. Some are pretty darn funny! They love our stories about multigenerational living and our DIY home renovation projects, tutorials and makeovers. We love them!

**Available Advertising**

*  250 x 125 button for sidebar

*  250 x 250 button for sidebar

*  3-month commitment/billed by PayPal or another form of automatic invoicing

*  All advertising or promotion is contingent upon the product or services fit with our audience.  In other words……we are only interested in advertising products that our readers will be genuinely interested in.

**Advertising Rates**

**Contact me at Jessica (at) fourgenerationsoneroof (dot) com for rate information.**

Each month I will do a roundup/shout out post which may or may not include all of my sponsors. Other social media outlets include facebook and twitter.  


If you think that Four Generations One Roof LLC would be a good fit for your product or service,  we would love to discuss the details and pricing with you.

*We reserve the right to change/modify the existing advertising policy including but not limited to rates at the end of the three month commitment.

## Comments

Kind comments are welcomed as well as constructive criticism .  Personal attacks on the author or other commenters will be deleted. Spam or annoying commenters leaving advertising links in any form will be deleted and/or blocked.  Author reserves the right to edit any comment left on this blog.  


## Ads & Ad Networks

_Our site runs ads including but not limited to our sidebar, header, footer and sometimes within a post. Our blog does not accept any form of payment or text/link ads within a post or sidebar.  _

_We are a part of many ad networks that may or may not use cookies.  _

*This site occasionally shares affiliate links for feature products that we use and love. If you purchase something from a link we share (ie. from amazon) we may receive a tiny portion of revenue from said brand which goes to hosting fees and such which allow us to keep our site up and running.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: [http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)

## Giveaways, Product Reviews

We would love to provide you with an honest review of your product.

We will host a giveaway on a minimal basis depending upon what the product is.

Contact Jessica (at) fourgenerationsoneroof (dot) com to discuss details. We would love to partner with you!

## Copyright & Trademark

All the images, text format, or other content that are part of this blog are the property of the author, unless noted otherwise. _ _   You may link to this blog as long as you discuss in a positive manner. You may not duplicate, copy, or reproduce any photographs, articles, or material on this blog without the permission of the owner. You may not list me and/or our blog name as a contributor on your site unless approved before hand. You may share one photo and discuss our contents (in your own words) providing it is in a positive manner and a full link back to our full blog name is provided on your site.

You are not authorized to use this content for personal profit.  Unauthorized copying, reproduction, modification, republishing, uploading, posting, or transmitting any material on this blog is prohibited.  All material is copyright protected.  All rights reserved.

Please note that Four Generations One Roof LLC including but not limited to family members related to our site are not responsible for any outcome, damage or harm caused by any of our tutorials, projects or blog posts that you see here on our site. They are meant to be shared as a family projects and entertainment. Try at your own risk.

The author/owner reserves the right to modify, change, or add to these policies at any time.  
Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

Four Generations One Roof may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from August 2015.

**What we may collect**

We may collect the following information: contact information including email address demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.

**What we do with the information we gather**

We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

We may use the information to improve our products and services.

We may periodically send promotional emails **** about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.

**Security**

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, **** we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

**How we use cookies**

A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.

Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.

You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.

**Advertising**

Some of our advertisers occasionally serve you cookies as well. We do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers. One of which is Gourmet Ads. For information about opting out of Gourmet Ads and ad serving partners please visit [Gourmet Ads privacy policy.](http://www.gourmetads.com/about/privacy-policy)

 These vendors may use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited, to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. In doing so, these vendors may collect non-personal data such as your browser type, your operating system, Web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, and other clickstream data. The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by these advertising service vendors is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours, and Service Provider disclaims all liability in connection therewith.

**Links to other websites**

Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

****We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
