> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fourjet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130609085731id_/http%3A//www.fourjet.com/index.php%3Froute%3Dinformation/information%26information_id%3D3) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

We won't sell, share, trade or rent any of your personal information except with your consent or as described in this Privacy Policy We use various security measures to protect the security and confidentiality of your personal information. You value your privacy, and we respect that. When you shop with our store , we need to collect a certain amount of information about you to make shopping easier for you and for us. We believe that you have a right to know how we use that information and how we keep it secure. So we've answered the most frequently asked questions below. For questions or concerns, please e-mail us at thecoachoutlet2012.org .  
 

**1\. What information do we collect?**

When you place an order from our website, we need to know information such as your name, sex, e-mail address, postal address, billing address, phone number, credit card number (No password), transaction id, etc., so we can process and fill your order and contact you if we have any questions. You can also create an account with us by providing similar information. Or you may provide preferences such as products you may be interested in. In either case, we'll use the information to make your shopping more efficient and better serve your interests. When you visit our website, we automatically collect click stream information such as the address of the website that you came from before visiting our site, which pages you visit on our site, which browser you used to view our site and any search terms you may have entered on our site. These informations are anonymous, we cannot identify you personally ,unless you identify yourself, for example, by making a purchase or by creating an account. Now and then, we may conduct surveys, run contests or other promotions. If you choose to participate in one of our surveys or contests, we'll probably ask for some personal information such as your shopping habits, e-mail address and other information so we can run the promotion and notify winners. When you send us a request, such as to our customer service department, or inquire about career opportunities or participate in an Investor Relations presentation, we may ask you to identify yourself by name or e-mail address in order to send you a response, if appropriate.

**2\. How do we use the information?**

When you place an order on our website, we use your information to process and fill your order. We may send you an e-mail to confirm or to update you on your order. We may also need to contact you by e-mail or phone if we have any questions about your order. When you order, create an account, complete a survey or participate in a contest or promotion on our website, we'll use the information to send e-mail or regular mail to you about our products, services or other contests and promotions you might be interested in, unless you indicate that you do not wish to receive such mail. We may also use the information to personalize your shopping experience by using your product interests, shopping patterns and purchase information to recommend other products, services or promotions that we believe might interest you including those of other companies. We may also notify you of changes to the website. We maintain the information that you provide us, along with a record of your purchases, in a database. To best serve you, we may combine this information with data that is publicly available and data that we collect in our own stores, at our marketing events, or receive from other business partners and/or reputable sources whose policies meet the Direct Marketing Association's privacy standards. Also, we may, from time to time, review your information and information of other customers to help us analyze trends, purchasing patterns and preferences, and demographics.

**3\. Do we share your information with third parties?**

We share your information with our trusted third party service providers who manage our website. These third parties provide specific services and administer activities offered at our website; for example, customer service and credit card processing. These third parties are not authorized to discuss, disclose or make any use of your personal information except as necessary to provide such services. Now and then, we may also use third parties to help us collect and aggregate site guest and customer information. We may share this aggregated, non-personally identifiable information (such as age, click stream visit and product interests) with existing and prospective business partners and advertisers. None of the aggregate information will contain any information that identifies you individually. We may also share your personal information with carefully screened thecoachoutlet2012.org business partners to offer you products and services that we believe might interest you. But, only our store will send you these messages. In each case, our partners will not be authorized to discuss, disclose, or make any use of your personal information except for extending the offer to you. If you prefer not be included in these types of prospective offers, please contact us by e-mail to us know. Please be sure to include your first and last name, street address, and email address in your request. If you select an alternative payment process (such as Paypal or GSPay), you provide the personal and financial information needed to process your application or purchase directly to each provider. The companies that administer these programs are independent of thecoachoutlet2012.org and have their own privacy and security policies. We encourage you to learn more about their policies .We or our third party service providers may disclose specific individual information if we or they reasonably believe that it's necessary to comply with applicable laws or regulations or to protect the interests of thecoachoutlet2012.org .

4. **How can you Unsubscribe or change your information?**

We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to receive information from thecoachoutlet2012.org or would like to update or change your personal information or preferences, please follow the instructions below.  
Registration Information, Preferences, and E-mail  
To modify or delete the information you have provided during registration, please login and update your profile. To unsubscribe from an e-mail, please follow the instructions in any e-mail you receive. You can also send us a request by e-mail to thecoachoutlet2012.org. Please be sure to include your first and last name and account e-mail address in your request.

**5\. Direct Mail and Catalogs**

If you would like your name and address removed from our store`s direct mailing list or if you would like to update your mailing information, you can e-mail us a request. Please be sure to include your first and last name and mailing address in your request .Please note that your request to be removed from our e-mail lists might take up to ten (10) business days to become effective (regular mailing lists may take up to 4-6 weeks). Even if you're removed from a list, if you order online, we will send you an e-mail to confirm your order and may need to contact you by phone, or e-mail if we have questions about your order.

**6\. How do we protect the privacy of children?**

We do not sell or ship any items ordered through this website directly to anyone who we know to be under the age of 18, nor do we collect any personal information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you should use this website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any personal information to us.

**7.** **How do we use cookies and pixel tags?**

Cookies are small pieces of information stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. A cookie may contain information such as recognizing you when you return to our website and remembering the items in your Shopping Bag. Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies; you can usually change your browser settings to refuse cookies but you may experience difficulties while shopping online at thecoachoutlet2012.org.We also use pixel tags, tiny graphic images, to help us analyze your online shopping patterns, create content designed for your connection speeds, and deliver e-mail in a format you can read. thecoachoutlet2012.org and our trusted third-party providers use cookies and pixel tags to monitor and maintain information about your use of our site and understand your preferences based on previous or current site visits so that we can offer better site experiences and services in the future.

**Consent**

By using our website, you're agreeing to let us collect and use your information as we describe in this Privacy & Security Policy. If we change our policies, we will post any changes on the website, so that you are always informed about what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
