> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the beget.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-04-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110401025330id_/http%3A//www.beget.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

We at Beget, Inc. (together with any one or more of our affiliates, "Beget"), want you to understand how and why we collect, use and disclose personal information about you. We believe in maintaining the privacy of nonpublic personal information we collect from individuals who visit our Website and have created this Privacy Statement ("Statement") to demonstrate our commitment to maintaining the privacy of your personal information. This Statement provides you with information concerning our practices and procedures as they relate specifically to information we collect at this Website. We may update our practices and procedures from time to time and at any time and reserve the right to modify this Statement at any time. Please check this Statement periodically for changes. 

**PLEASE READ THIS STATEMENT CAREFULLY. BY ACCESSING OR USING THIS WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND TO ALL THE TERMS OF THIS STATEMENT AND OUR WEBSITE TERMS OF USE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS STATEMENT OR THE TERMS, EXIT THIS PAGE AND DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE**

If you provide us with personal information, we will not sell, license, transmit or disclose this information outside of our affiliates unless (1) you authorize us to do so; (2) it is necessary to allow our affiliates, attorneys, adjusters, contractors, third party service providers, vendors, merchants, or agents to provide services for us; (3) in order to provide our products or services to you; (4) it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other entities with whom we have joint marketing agreements; (5) it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of our assets or the merger of our company(ies) into another entity or any consolidation, share exchange, combination, reorganization, or like transaction in which we are not the survivor; or (6) otherwise as we are required or permitted by law (such as to respond to subpoenas or warrants or to protect and defend our rights or property or you or third parties). By accessing or using this Website, you hereby consent to the release of your personal information as described in this Statement. 

Other than personal information, any information you transmit via the Website, whether by direct entry, electronic mail, or otherwise, including feedback, questions, reviews, requests for information, comments, or suggestions (collectively "non-personal information"), will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and may be used for any purpose including, but not limited to, reproduction, solicitations, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. 

We may use any such information for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, marketing or modifying our services without any compensation or royalties to you. We may also disclose non-personally identifiable information with our partners, affiliates, merchants, and advertisers. For example, we may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any personally identifiable information) with third party advertisers or third party service providers, or the merchants on whose behalf we offer Deals. 

Non-personal information may also include the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the website you visited prior to coming to this Website, the URL of the website you visited after leaving this Website, the type of browser you are using or your internet protocol address. 

If you choose to use our referral service or buy a deal for a friend, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email with the gift you bought for that friend or inviting him or her to visit the site. We store this information only for the purpose of sending this one-time email, sending the gift, and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at [customerservice@beget.com](mailto:customerservice@beget.com) to request that we remove this information from our database. 

We sometimes use third party service providers to aid us in providing our products and services. The functions performed by such service providers may include, without limitation, transmitting emails, administering promotions, sweepstakes or contests, proving marketing assistance, operating this Website, and providing customer service. We may share your information with such third party service providers to aid them in performing their tasks. We encourage third party service providers to adopt and post privacy policies, and will require such service providers to agree to use your information solely as necessary for the performance of their duties where possible. However, the use of your personal information by such parties is ultimately governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not subject to our control. 

We want to make sure that your personal information is accurate and current, and we believe that you should have the ability to access and update or correct your personal information at any time. You may correct, update, or remove information which you think is inaccurate by logging into your account page on this Website. 

You may request a copy of the personal information in our records about you. If you would like a copy of some or all of your personal information, please contact us at . We may charge a reasonable fee for this service. 

We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. When you receive promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further promotional communications from us, and you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the promotional e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly at [customerservice@beget.com](mailto:customerservice@beget.com). 

Despite your indicated email marketing preferences, we may send you administrative emails regarding Beget, including, for example, administrative and transactional confirmations, and notices of updates to this Statement if we choose to provide such notices to you in this manner. 

We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that we believe are appropriate to protect your personal information. Despite such safeguards, any such systems are prone to human and operational error. Even though we have taken significant steps to protect your personal information, no company, including us, can fully eliminate security risks associated with personal information. 

In particular (but without limitation) the Internet is an open system, and we cannot and do not guarantee that personal information entered by you will not be misappropriated, intercepted, modified, deleted, destroyed or used by others. You agree not to hold Beget liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as a result of any such misappropriation, interception, modification, deletion, destruction, or use of information provided through this Website. 

We welcome suggestions to improve our systems or processes regarding confidentiality and security. Please contact us at [legal@beget.com](mailto:legal@beget.com). 

This Website is not intended to be used by or in connection with children under the age of 13 and Beget does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. If Beget obtains actual knowledge that it has obtained personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will take all reasonable steps to immediately and permanently delete that information from our records. 

For your convenience, we may provide links to other websites and web pages that we do not control. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any websites or pages not under our control, and we do not endorse any of these websites or pages, the services or products described or offered on such sites or pages, or any of the content contained on those websites or pages. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of third party websites. We encourage visitors to our Website to be aware of when they leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every third party website. This Statement applies solely to information collected by our Website. 

This Website allows users to access Facebook Connect to interact with friends and to share on Facebook through Wall and friends' News Feeds. If you are logged into Beget and Facebook, when you click on "Connect with Facebook" your profiles will merge if the email addresses match. If the email addresses don't match, we ask you if you want to merge them, and you must enter your Beget password to validate that they control that account. If you are already logged into Beget but not logged into Facebook, when you click on "Connect with Facebook" you will be prompted to enter your Facebook credentials or to "Sign up for Facebook". By proceeding you are allowing our Website to access your information, and you are agreeing to the Facebook Terms of Use in your use of our Website in addition to the Terms of Use of our Website. 

On the other hand, if you are not currently registered as a Beget user and you click on "Sign in Using Facebook", you will first be asked to enter your Facebook credentials, and then you will be given the option to register and join Beget. Once you register on the Beget Website and Connect with Facebook, you will be able to automatically post recent activity back to Facebook. You have the option to disable Facebook Connect at any time by logging into "My Profile" and clicking on "My Facebook Profile". Further, you can edit privacy settings for the reviews that appear on Facebook or disconnect this service by visiting the Facebook Application Settings page. 

We appreciate your questions and comments about our Website and services and welcome your email messages to mailboxes listed on our Websites. The content of any such emails will generally be treated as non-personal information, though personal information included in such email will be consider personal information and treated accordingly. 

This Website may provide spaces for you to publicly post information about yourself, review products, services, or merchants, or communicate with others. This information may be accessible by other users or entities and may appear on other websites or web searches, and thus this information may be collected and used by others in a manner over which we have no control. Because we have no control over who reads your postings or what other users or entities do with the information you voluntarily post, we encourage you to use caution when posting any information, and especially when posting personal information. We also reserve the right to delete or take down any of your posts for any reason, in our sole discretion. 

A cookie is a piece of information which a web server may place on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are commonly used by websites to improve the user experience and have not been known to transmit computer viruses or otherwise harm your computer. Many cookies last only through a single website session or visit. Others may have an expiration date or may remain on your computer until you delete them. 

We may use cookies for a number of purposes - for example, to maintain continuity during a user session, to gather data about the usage of our Website for research and other purposes, to store your preferences for certain kinds of information and marketing offers, or to store a user name or encrypted identification number so that you do not have to provide this information every time you return to our Website. 

Our cookies will track only your activity relating to your online activity on this Website and will not track your other Internet activity. Our cookies do not gather personally identifiable information. You can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by configuring your preferences or options in your browser. However, if you choose to reject cookies, you may not be able to use certain of our online products and services or Website features. 

We may occasionally use other companies to set cookies on our Website and gather cookie information for us. In some cases we may also use another company to operate web servers for our Website. We use the cookie information gathered by these companies in the same manner as stated above. 

We may also use other industry standard technologies like pixel tags and web beacons to track your use of our Website pages and promotions, or we may allow our third party service providers to use these devices on our behalf. Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on certain pages on our Website, or in our emails, that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, pixel tags and web beacons generate a non-personally identifiable notice of that action. Pixel tags allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior on our Website, as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance. We may also utilize pixel tags and web beacons provided by our affiliates and/or marketing partners for the same purposes 

We may change this Statement at any time and from time to time. The most recent version of the Statement is reflected by the version date located at the bottom of this Statement. If we make any substantial changes in the way we utilize your personal information, we will provide notice by posting an alert on this page or our Website home page or through other notice to you. If you object to any such changes, you must immediately cease using this Website. Your continued use of this Website following notice of any such changes shall serve as your acknowledgement of such changes and your consent to and agreement to be bound by them. 

If you have any questions about this Statement or would like to learn more about how we protect privacy, please contact us at [legal@beget.com](mailto:legal@beget.com). 

Last Updated: March 18, 2011. 

The information on this and any other page of this Website is provided subject to the terms of the Beget [Terms of Use](http://www.beget.com/terms). Copyright © 2011 Beget. All rights reserved.
