> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the isthisyour.name privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111006141128id_/http%3A//www.isthisyour.name/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Your Privacy: Is This Your Name?

## Your Privacy

IsThisYourName aims to be a good online citizen. Hence, we respect your privacy. The name-related information on this site is from public sources and is aimed at providing entertaining details about names in general rather than information about any specific individual. 

For instance, a search on the name 'John Smith' will return generic information about the first name 'John' mixed with generic information about the surname 'Smith'. Where information relating to an individual is presented, it is only in general name search results returned via a real-time query of publically available data from domain registrars, merchants (e.g., the Amazon.com catalogue), forums or blogs. We do not hold data relating to any specific identifiable individuals in our database. Nor do we intend to. 

### Cookies

IsThisYourName does not require the use of cookies. However, it does use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.

IsThisYourName also uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Google is the main advertising company operating on IsThisYourName. Google, through its subsidiary, DoubleClick, may use its [DART cookie](http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/faq.aspx) to serve ads to you based on your visit to this and other sites on the Internet. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and [content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google and other third parties in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

### Traffic Data

Each time a visitor comes to IsThisYourName, information is collected to improve the overall quality of the site, as is standard practice for most websites you will visit. We collect the visitor's domain name/IP Address (e.g., whether the user is logged on from netscape.com or yale.edu or 255.255.255.0), referral data (e.g., we record the address of the last URL a user visited prior to clicking through to the site), and browser/platform type (e.g., a Netscape browser on a Macintosh platform). 

### E-mail Services

We have a contact form on our site, which requests the email address of anyone who wishes to correspond with us. This is so that we can send a reply. Any/all e-mail addresses sent to us as the result of correspondence will not be used or collected for the purposes of reselling to a third party and will not be added to a bulk e-mailing list.

* * *
