> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the istripper.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190723154205id_/https%3A//www.istripper.com/information/privacy/display) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement - iStripper

### Privacy Statement

Welcome to our website. Your privacy on the Internet is of utmost importance to us. The success of our business is based on our ability to maintain the trust of our users. Because we collect certain types of information about the purchasers of our products and the users of our website, we feel you should fully understand the conditions of our collection and use of such information. This privacy statement discloses what information we collect, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. By using this website, you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this privacy statement. We reserve the right to change this privacy statement, along with related procedures, at any time.

If you have any questions regarding this privacy statement, the practices of our website, or your dealings with us, please contact our Customer Service 24/7.

#### Information We Collect and How it is Used, and Purposes for Collecting of Information

We collect the following information from you:

  1. Information you explicitly provide to us by completing a form on our website
  2. Information that is automatically collected by us when you visit our website



We use this information for our own internal purposes, which are more fully explained below. We do not share your information with any other parties, unless it is necessary to do so to comply with state and federal laws. For the purposes of this Privacy Statement, the term "other parties" shall not include any affiliate of Totem Core Ltd, including, without limitation, its parent, subsidiaries, successor or assigns or any entity merged into or with Totem Core Ltd (if any).

#### Information You Explicitly Provide

##### Registration Forms.

We use registration forms which allow our customers to register certain information about themselves with us. Through this registration form, we collect your contact information (like your name and physical and/or e-mail addresses). The contact information we collect is used for our own internal tracking purposes - identification, product selection and evaluation. We also retain certain portions of your contact information for our internal records.

##### Email address.

We use a double opt-in system sending you an email to confirm you want to receive further communication from us when you provide us with your email address.

#### Information We Automatically Collect

##### IP Addresses.

When you connect to the Internet, your computer has a unique identification code called an "IP address." Depending on the way you access the Internet, you may have a different IP address each time you connect, or your IP address may be the same each time. We log the IP addresses of users who visit our website. We use your IP address for system administration purposes, such as to help diagnose problems with our server. In addition, we may use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you and the rest of the users who visit our website.

##### Your actions.

When you use the software or the website, we record in our databases each installation of the software, each connection of the software to our servers, each reload of your account, each purchase of a card, each participation to a promotion, each post on the forum or commentary on a card and each interaction with our customer service. 

##### Informations transmitted by third party billers.

When you use reload your account via a third party biller we record the information forwarded to us by the billing company such as your first and last name, your email address and the transaction you made. 

##### Google Analytics.

Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website and giving us reports on website activity. 

#### Disclosure of Information

##### Generally

We may provide aggregate information about customers, sales, website traffic patterns and related website information to our affiliates, including without limitation our parent, subsidiaries, successors and assigns or any entity merged into or with Totem Core Ltd (if any). As permitted by law, we may from time to time use your personal information to make you aware of additional products and services generally, which may be of interest to you. We never resell, trade, lease or rent your personal information.

##### Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information.

We may disclose any and all information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or if disclosure is necessary to protect our legal rights.

#### How We Protect Personal Information

Totem Core Ltd takes reasonable measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access through the use of network firewalls, physical security, and use and access policies for employees. The security measures in place, at our physical premises and on this website, aim to protect against the loss, misuse or unauthorized alteration of the information provided to us.

#### Safeguarding Children's Privacy

Totem Core Ltd does not knowingly collect personal information or any other identifying data from children under 18 years of age. Should a child, whom we know to be under 18 years of age, send us personal information, we will immediately close his account and delete that information from our database.

#### How To Correct Your Information

You have the ability to correct or change any information which you have previously provided to us by contacting our Customer Service. You may change this information at any time and as often as necessary.

#### How To Get Your Information

You have the ability to receive all the information we collected about you by contacting our Customer Service or by clicking in the link provided in your account.

#### How To Delete Your Information

You have the ability to permanently delete your information with us by contacting our Customer Service. This operation can not be reversed. 

#### How To Opt Out

You have the opportunity to opt out of receiving any further communications from us by folowing the links provided at the bottom of any email you might receive from us or by contacting our Customer Service.

#### Cookies

A cookie is a text-only string of information that is transferred to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that we can recognize you as a repeat visitor.

#### Session Cookies

These are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site. We use session cookies:

  * to allow you to carry information across the pages of our site, thus avoiding the need for you to re-enter information.
  * to maintain your logged in status and to allow you to access secured, enhanced and premium service.



#### Persistent cookies

These remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer. We use persistent cookies:

  * to help us recognize you as a unique visitor when you return to our website.
  * to allow us recognize you on each visit, thus avoiding the need for you to re-enter information.
  * to track people who refered you to our site if any.
  * to deliver content, including advertisements, relevant to your interests on iStripper sites and third-party sites.
  * to compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how visitors use our site and to help us improve the structure of our website.



If you have turned off all cookies, you will still be able to use the website, but be advised, certain features will not be available if cookies are turned off.

#### Privacy Policies of Linked Websites and Advertisers

Our website may contain links to other websites, as well as advertisements from companies with their own websites. These other websites may not have privacy policies, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. If you have any questions about how these other websites use your information, you should contact them directly.

#### Employees, Access, Training and Expectations

Our corporate values, ethical standards, policies and practices are committed to the protection of customer information. In general, our business practices limit employee access to confidential information and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons and processes.

#### Last Updated

This Privacy Statement was last updated in May, 2018.
