> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the beefcakehunter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170218034955id_/https%3A//beefcakehunter.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Beef Cake Hunter

Children (in many legal jurisdictions, persons under the age of 18, and in others, under the age of 21 – consult your local laws) are not eligible to use this site, and we ask that children not visit this site, not use this site in any way, not register for any access to material on this site, not remain on this site if this site has been accessed by any other person, not browse within this site or submit any personal information to us. By using this site, you (“user” or “you”) warrant that you are an “adult” in your legal jurisdiction and that you are otherwise authorized under the laws of your jurisdiction to access and use this site.

At www.BeefCakeHunter.com (a service of Green Eye Entertainment, LLC, a Florida, USA, limited liability company, referred to below as “GEE”), we understand and respect your concerns about the privacy of any information you supply while at our site. We believe that knowledge is the key to monitoring and protecting how your information is used on the Internet. This statement sets forth GEE’s Privacy Policy and describes the practices which GEE follows with respect to information we receive about visitors to this site.

## CHILDREN

Children or minors are not eligible to use this site (in many jurisdictions around the world, “minors” are persons under the age of 18 years, and in other jurisdictions, persons under the age of 21 years – please check your local laws about the age of adult status in your jurisdiction), and we ask that minors/children not use this site or submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you should not provide any personally identifying information to any site on the Internet without the knowledge and permission of your parent or guardian. By using this site, you warrant that you are 18 years of age or 21 years of age if required in your legal jurisdiction; and that it is otherwise legal for you to access this site and submit personal information to us.

## PERSONAL INFORMATION

Users can access limited features of www.BeefCakeHunter.com without disclosing any personal information. In order to access certain content on this site, users must register and agree to certain purchase terms, in return for which the user gains full access to the **website**. During the registration process, you will be asked to submit certain items of “Personally Identifying Information,” which may include your legal name, your physical address, information relating to payments, and at least one active e-mail address.  As used in this Privacy Policy, “Personally Identifying Information” means information that would allow someone else to identify or contact you — such as your name, physical or electronic mail address, telephone number, social security number or any other identifier that permits the physical or online contacting of a specific individual; provided, however, that Personally Identifying Information does not include aggregated information that, by itself, does not permit the identification of individual persons. GEE may use Personally Identifying Information for internal purposes (for example, to process transactions, or to send you updates about new content on our site). GEE may share your contact information with its affiliated entities to enable them to provide you with special benefits, promotions, or offers from either GEE or its affiliates. Personally Identifying Information collected by GEE may also be used by us for editorial and feedback purposes, for marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of users’ behavior, for website or product development, for content improvement, to inform affiliated entities or advertisers on our site about how many visitors have seen or clicked on their material or advertisements, and to customize content and layout of the www.BeefCakeHunter.com website. Names, postal and e-mail addresses, and phone numbers collected may be added to GEE’s databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding site updates and new features.  There may be occasions when GEE is legally required to provide access to our database in order to cooperate with law enforcement investigations or other legal proceedings. In those instances, the information is provided only for that purpose. In response to such a governmental request, GEE and/or its affiliated entities may or may not, in the exercise of our legal, business and civic judgment, give access to the information you provide to the applicable government agencies.

In rare circumstances, GEE may disclose user information in the good-faith belief that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable, including without limitation to protect the rights or properties of GEE (or you), or when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our (or your) rights or properties, whether intentionally or otherwise, or when anyone else (including you) could be harmed by such activities. In addition, if GEE and/or substantially all of its assets are acquired, our user information will most likely be transferred to the acquiring party in connection with such an acquisition.  
GEE may also profile your activity on our website in order accurately to provide you with information, products and services that correspond to your interests. We may also compile data in aggregate form so that we may better understand those who are visiting or using our site. For example, we may produce reports on the most popular search terms on our site by collecting general search term data based on individual searches. Aggregate data is anonymous and does not contain any personal information that identifies you or any other user.

You have the ability to automatically review and change the Personally Identifying Information you submit to our website by logging onto www.BeefCakeHunter.com and altering your Personal Profile data. You may review the contents of any of your Personally Identifying Information collected at our website by contacting us at _info@beefcakehunter.com_____________________________. GEE will use reasonable efforts to remove your Personally Identifying Information from our website at any time upon your written request to __info@beefcakehunter.com ____________________________. Such removal of Personally Identifying Information may not ensure 100% removal of such Personally Identifying Information from our business records. For example, such Personally Identifying Information may remain in GEE’s archival or backup copies of the www.BeefCakeHunter.com site.

We will retain your personal information in our databases in accordance with our document management, retention and destruction policy, and applicable laws. This period may extend beyond the end of your relationship with GEE, but it will be only as long as it is necessary for us to have sufficient information to respond to any issues that may arise later. For example, we may need or be required to retain information to allow you to obtain future credit. We may also need to retain certain information to prevent fraudulent activity; to protect ourselves (or you) against liability; permit us to pursue available remedies or limit any damages that we (or you) may sustain; or if we believe in good faith that a law, regulation, rule or guideline requires it.

GEE may occasionally monitor and review information (including Personally Identifying Information) transmitted or received through our website, or through telephone or email communications, for quality assurance and other purposes. For example, we must reserve the right to censor, edit, remove, or prohibit the transmission or receipt of any data that GEE deems inappropriate, or which is in violation of any of the terms and conditions applicable to your use of our website. During this monitoring, the information may be examined, recorded, and/or copied.

## IP ADDRESS

Your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address is associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, gather broad demographic information, and administer our website.

## SECURITY

GEE has methods and policies in place to protect the confidentiality of personal information. However, perfect security does not exist on the Internet, and GEE does not warrant that our site is impenetrable or invulnerable to hackers.

## COOKIES

Www.BeefCakeHunter.com uses “cookies” to assist you with making your online experience more individualized. A “cookie” is a small text file that is placed on the hard disk of your computer by a web-page server and contains non-personally identifying information about you. Cookies identify only the user’s computer and cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. Cookies are used for convenience and to save you time when you next visit our website. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have accessed a specific page on our website, so that when you visit the site again, your experience can be personalized. You have the ability to accept or decline **cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to set your computer to accept cookies from our website, you may also choose to be logged into the site automatically. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able fully to experience the interactive features of our website, and you may experience technical problems receiving current information from us.**

## LINKS

GEE’s website may contain links to other sites that are covered by their own privacy policies. We are not and cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites, and we encourage our users to be aware of this fact when they leave our site. We recommend that our users read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects Personally Identifying Information.

## CHANGES IN WWW.BEEFCAKEHUNTER.COM’S ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY

GEE reserves the right to change this online Privacy Policy. However, we shall not do so without posting those changes on our website. Your continued access of our website will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Privacy Policy _._   If you have any questions about GEE’s privacy policy or concerns about the way in which personal information is used by www.BeefCakeHunter.com, please contact us at ___info@beefcakehunter.com___________________________.

If you do not agree with these terms, do not provide any personal information to us. If you refuse or withdraw your consent, or if you choose not to provide us with any required personal information, we may not be able to provide you with services that can be offered on our website only if we do have access to such personal information.

## NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS

Under California, USA law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (1) a list of the categories of information, such as name, address, e-mail address, and the type of services provided to the customer, that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, and (2) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please write to us with a reference to “California Disclosure Information” at: __info@beefcakehunter.com____________________________.
