> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the beenverified.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121228165921id_/http%3A//www.beenverified.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BeenVerified

[](https://privacy-policy.truste.com/click-with-confidence/ctv/en/www.beenverified.com/seal_m "Validate TRUSTe privacy certification") Been Verified Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this Privacy Policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe's program requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy-program-requirements/) including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software. The TRUSTe certification covers information collected on the site [www.beenverified.com](http://www.beenverified.com/) and not through our mobile applications. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our Privacy Policy or practices, please contact us at [support@beenverified.com](mailto:support@beenverified.com). If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact [TRUSTe here](http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint).

Thank you for visiting the website located at [www.beenverified.com](http://www.beenverified.com/) ("Site"). The Site is an Internet property of BeenVerified, Inc. ("BeenVerified™ ," "we" or "us"). BeenVerified™ has created this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") in order to disclose our information gathering and dissemination practices. We understand the importance that Internet users place on privacy and have designed our Site with this in mind. While the Site remains available to end-user visitors without any registration requirements ("Non-Members"), in order to utilize some of the Site's enhanced features, interested parties must register as a BeenVerified™ member ("Member") by filling out the applicable registration form ("Registration Form"), which enables Members to utilize the services available by and through the Site ("Member Services") as described in the BeenVerified™ Member Agreement ("Member Agreement").

In order to complete the Registration Form, and to utilize the Member Services to conduct background checks ("BeenVerified™ Checks") on third parties (each, a "Search Subject"), applicants must supply certain of their own personally identifiable information and personally identifiable information of the applicable Search Subject. We are an optional service. Because we offer a variety of services to distinct users, our Privacy Policy contains two (2) separate sets of terms and conditions: one for our Non-Members and one for our Members. BEENVERIFIED™ IS NOT A CREDIT REPORTING AGENCY FOR PURPOSES OF THE FAIR CREDIT REPORTING ACT ("FCRA"). AS SUCH, THE ADDITIONAL PROTECTIONS AFFORDED TO CONSUMERS, AND OBLIGATIONS PLACED UPON CREDIT REPORTING AGENCIES, ARE NOT CONTEMPLATED BY, NOR CONTAINED WITHIN, THIS PRIVACY POLICY.

## I. Non-Members

### Use of Information Obtained by BeenVerified™

BeenVerified™ does not rent, sell, share, or trade your personal registration information with third parties other than as disclosed within this Privacy Policy.

BeenVerified™ reserves the right to release current or past Site Data: (a) in the event that we believe that the Site is being or has been used in violation of this Privacy Policy, the Terms and Conditions, the Member Agreement or to commit unlawful acts; (b) as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Site; or (c) if BeenVerified™ is sold or acquired. While BeenVerified™ strongly encourages clients, affiliates and partners to adopt responsible approaches to online marketing, BeenVerified™ is not responsible for the information practices of its clients, affiliates and/or partners. The collection, use and disclosure of information by clients, affiliates and/or partners is subject to their respective privacy policies, which may differ from this Privacy Policy. BeenVerified™ reserves the right to use all Site Data associated with Non-Members to investigate fraudulent or other claims made against BeenVerified™.

## II. Members

### Information Collected/Tracked by BeenVerified™

BeenVerified™ gathers two (2) types of information from Members: information that Members submit to us and information that is not directly submitted to us. Information Submitted to BeenVerified™ To accomplish our goal of facilitating BeenVerified™ Checks of Search Subjects by Members, we must gather personal information from Members through our Registration Form. The Registration Form may or may not require submission of the following information: (a) e-mail address; (b) full name; (c) company name; (d) date of birth; (e) a Member-specified password; (f) mailing address; (g) credit card information; and (h) any and all information associated with the Searched Subject (such as name, address, social security number) that is required by BeenVerified™ to complete the applicable BeenVerified™ Check, send you email communications, or to respond to your inquiry. If you sign up as an affiliate we will collect your name, email address, company name and address. We will use this information to respond to you regarding becoming a member of our affiliate program. Information not Directly Submitted by Members to BeenVerified™ We gather Members' server, IP address, browser-type, clicks, impressions and other traffic and/or consumer action related information in connection with the general administration of the Site ("Site Data"). BeenVerified™ reserves the right to transfer and/or sell Site Data about Members for lawful purposes such as subpoenas, court orders, or a business transition. The Site Data is comprised of the demographic, usage and/or other characteristics of Members as a group. BeenVerified™ uses third party software for the purpose of tracking, aggregating and storing said Member data. By using the Site you agree to allow BeenVerified™ to transfer and/or sell such aggregate data, which will never personally identify you to third parties. Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies

When a Member or Non-Member visits the Site, we send a cookie and ("Cookie") to assign an anonymous, unique identifier to the applicable Member's Internet browser. A Cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing non-personally identifiable information about you. Cookies have many benefits to enhance your experience at the Site, and are in many instances necessary for the provision of Member Services. We use Cookies on this Site to store your passwords, so you don’t have to enter it more than once and to enhance your experience on the Site. We do not link the information we store in Cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our Site. To find out more about Cookies, please visit [www.cookiecentral.com](http://www.cookiecentral.com/). To disable and reject certain Cookies, please reference the above website for specific browser disabling information. Please be advised that where you disable or reject Cookies, you may not be able to use the Member Services. BeenVerified™ reserves the right to retain Cookie data indefinitely.

The use of Cookies by our third party tracking utility company is not covered by our Privacy Policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies. Our third party tracking utility company uses session ID Cookies on our Site to make it easier for you to navigate our Site.

### Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs)

Our third party tracking utility company employs a software technology called clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons/Web Bugs), that help us better manage content on our Site by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to personally identifiable information.

### Use of Information Obtained by BeenVerified™

### Sharing of the Information Gathered/Tracked by the Site

Any personal information that you submit at the Site remains your property. However, by submitting that information to us, you grant to us the right to use your personal information, subject to applicable state and federal law, in the ways set forth herein.

We use other third parties such as a credit card processing company to bill you for goods and services, an email service provider to send out emails on our behalf, sales partners to sell you our services, data partners to process data on our behalf and marketing partners who may market our products to you on our behalf. We will share your name, email address, billing address, credit card number and expiration date as necessary for the third party to provide that service.

Other than as set forth herein to the contrary, all personal and sensitive information that BeenVerified™ collects from Members, as well as information regarding Search Subjects (collectively, "Sensitive Information") is intended for administrative needs (e.g., billing, communication of account information, sending marketing emails on behalf of third party advertisers, creating the BeenVerified Checks), for which purpose such data is required. In connection with providing the BeenVerified™ Checks, BeenVerified™ may share the applicable Search Subjects' personal information with certain third party companies (such as data partners) for the sole and exclusive purpose of verifying the subject information applicable to the particular Search Subject. These third party companies shall be subject to an obligation of confidentiality regarding such information, and shall not themselves store, save or transfer such information other than as necessary to perform the applicable verification services. We will not use the information of the Search Subjects for any other purpose.

###  Communications from the Site

We will send you service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email.

Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature.

Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send you a welcoming email to verify your username and password. We will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. We will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes.

We may share the personal information that Members supply to us (other than Sensitive Information) with any third party and we may work with other businesses to bring selected retail opportunities to our Members. These businesses and third parties may include, but are not limited to: (a) providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation; (b) e-mail marketers; (c) telemarketers (where permitted by applicable law); (d) SMS text-based marketers (where permitted by applicable law); and (e) direct marketers. If you no longer wish to have your email address or mobile phone number shared with such third parties for their promotional purposes, please contact us [support@beenverified.com](mailto:support@beenverified.com) or contact that third party directly.

We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from user lists, analyzing data, credit card processing, and providing marketing analysis. The agents performing these limited functions on our behalf shall have access to our Members' personal information as needed to perform their functions for us but we do not permit them to use Members' personal information for other purposes.

We will also use Members' personal information for customer service, to provide Members with information that Members may request, to customize Members' experience on the Site and/or to contact Members when necessary in connection with transactions entered into on the Site. We may also use Members' personal information for internal business purposes, such as analyzing and managing our business. We may also combine the information we have gathered about Members with information from other sources. We may use third parties to help us operate our business and the Site or to administer activities on our behalf.

BeenVerified™ may share personally identifiable information of Members with its affiliated entities or in connection with the sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets or reorganization or liquidation of BeenVerified™ . BeenVerified™ may release account and any other personally identifiable information of Members and Search Subjects: (i) to respond to a subpoena or otherwise comply with the law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Site; (ii) to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, the Member Agreement, the Terms and Conditions and other BeenVerified™ agreements and policies; (iii) when we deem it necessary or appropriate including, without limitation, sharing Members' e-mail address with other third parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time to time, and Federal Trade Commission implementing regulations; and/or (iv) to protect the rights, property or safety of BeenVerified™ or others, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we will share the personal information of Members (other than Sensitive Information) with our third party data, marketing, and sales partners for the purpose of sending you marketing emails. If you no longer wish to have your personal information shared with such third parties, please contact us at [support@beenverified.com](mailto:support@beenverified.com) or contact that third party directly.

By registering at the Site, Members agree that such act constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR Â§310 et seq.), as amended from time to time (the "Rule") and applicable state do-not-call regulations. As such, notwithstanding that a Member's telephone number may be listed on the Federal Trade Commission's Do-Not-Call List, and/or on applicable state do-not-call lists, we retain the right to contact that Member via telemarketing in accordance with the Rule and the applicable state do-not-call regulations.

In addition, by submitting personal information at the Site, Members agree to receive mobile marketing including, but not limited to, text-message based marketing, from us and our third party advertisers and marketers (where, and to the extent that, such marketing is permitted by applicable law). As such, notwithstanding that a Member's mobile telephone number may be listed on state and/or federal Do-Not-Call registries, we retain the right to contact that Member via text-message based marketing in accordance with applicable state and federal law. Further, Members agree that we may share Members' mobile telephone and other mobile data (such as the Unique Identifier) with our third party data, marketing and sales partner’s non-marketing uses permitted by this Privacy Policy and applicable law. We do not share geo-location data with such third parties unless you explicitly consent allowing us to do so. If you no longer wish to have your mobile number or other mobile data shared with such third parties, please contact us [support@beenverified.com](mailto:support@beenverified.com) or contact that third party directly.

We may maintain separate e-mail lists for different purposes. If e-mail recipient Members wish to end their e-mail subscription from a particular list, they need to follow the instructions at the end of each e-mail message to unsubscribe from the particular list. In every e-mail communication that BeenVerified™ sends, there is an unsubscribe hyperlink that allows the recipient to unsubscribe from the specific marketing program by simply clicking the hyperlink provided and following the instructions that follow. Further, even where a Member unsubscribes from all of our lists, we cannot guarantee that such Member will never receive another mailing from us, because we may obtain that Member's e-mail address in the future through a different e-mail marketing program that such Member has opted-in to. However, if a Member should ever receive another e-mail communication from us, that Member will be able to remove his/her e-mail address via the applicable unsubscribe hyperlink. Members may, at any time, notify BeenVerified™ that they do not wish to have BeenVerified™ disclose their personal information to third parties for offers and promotions by sending an e-mail to [support@beenverified.com](mailto:support@beenverified.com).

To the extent that BeenVerified™ collects your credit card-specific information, we will use this information to process and complete any transaction that you request. By submitting your credit card information to us, you authorize BeenVerified™ to verify that your credit card account is valid and active one by charging, and thereafter immediately crediting, a small sum to the card upon registration. Such verification may be conducted through a third-party and, in that case, BeenVerified™ would share your specific credit card information with this third-party for verification purposes. Apart from said uses, we will not share your credit card information with any third parties without your prior informed consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, BeenVerified™ reserves the right to share with third parties the fact that we have credit card information on file for specific users, but we will not share your specific credit card information with third-parties.

### Correcting/Updating or Removing Information

BeenVerified™ provides Members and Non-Members with several options for modifying or removing their information from our database. If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, or request deletion of it by making the change with the member information page or by emailing our Customer Support at [support@beenverified.com](mailto:support@beenverified.com) or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. To opt out of BeenVerified simply send the following information to [support@beenverified](mailto:support@beenverified.com):

Your name as shown on our site  
Your Age  
Current address (City, State, Zip)  
Previous addresses  
Listed Relatives 

Mailing Address:  
BeenVerified.com   
307 5th Avenue, 16th Floor  
New York, NY 10016 

Data Retention: We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at [support@beenverified.com](mailto:support@beenverified.com). We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

### Changes in Our Privacy Policy

If we change our Privacy Policy, we will prominently post a link to those changes on our Site's homepage so that our Members are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email or by means of a notice on our home page. Your continued use of the applicable Member Services, Site and/or continued receipt of BeenVerified™ e-mails after posting of the Privacy Policy change on the Site, or receipt of a Privacy Policy change notification e-mail, as applicable, constitutes an affirmative acknowledgment and acceptance by you of the modified Privacy Policy.

### Security

BeenVerified™ takes precautions to protect our Members' and Non-Members' information. BeenVerified™ regularly reviews, generally at least once per year, its security practices to identify security threats or opportunities for improvement. When Members submit Sensitive Information via the Site, we endeavor to keep this information protected both online and off-line. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.

When we ask Members to enter Sensitive Information (such as a credit card number, Social Security Number, credit score, etc.), and when such Sensitive Information is stored and/or transmitted, that information is encrypted and protected with SSL encryption software. While we use SSL encryption to protect Sensitive Information online, we also design our systems to protect Sensitive and non-Sensitive Information off-line. All of the information that we collect, not just the Sensitive Information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example a billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. All such employees are contractually bound to adhere to our security protocols, which they must verify that they have read and understand. The practices for handling information are disseminated to all of our employees. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we shall notify you and any applicable regulatory agencies in the event that we learn of an information security breach with respect to your personal information. You will be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement to determine the scope of network damage and to engage in remedial measures. If you have any questions about Site security, please contact us at [support@beenverified.com](mailto:support@beenverified.com).

### E-mail Choice/Opt-out

We provide Members with the option to opt-out from receiving information sent via electronic mailings on behalf of third party advertisers. Members may unsubscribe from receiving e-mail at any time by following the instructions contained at the end of every e-mailing. We may maintain separate e-mail lists for different purposes. If e-mail recipients wish to end their e-mail subscription from a particular list, they need to follow the instructions at the end of each e-mail message to unsubscribe from the particular list.

Information sent on behalf of third party advertisers is prepared several days in advance, so Members may continue to receive e-mail from us for up to ten (10) days following the unsubscribe procedures detailed above.

## III. General Provisions

### Links

The Site contains links to other websites. Please be aware that BeenVerified™ is not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage our Members and Non-Members to be aware when they leave the Site and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the Site.

### Blog

Our Site offers publicly accessible blogs. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. In order to post comments within the blog area of our Site you must be a member of our service provider’s site. Our service provider will then allow us to view the comments before they are posted. To request removal of your personal information from our blog, contact us at [support@beenverified.com](mailto:support@beenverified.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

### Children's Privacy

BeenVerified™ is very sensitive to the issue of children's privacy and, therefore, we endeavor to protect the privacy of children using the Internet. The Site, as well as its products and services, are not developed for or directed at children. Visitors under eighteen (18) years of age are not eligible to do business with us and we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from any person that we actually know is under the age of eighteen (18). BeenVerified™ encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children. If you believe that your child has provided BeenVerified™ with any personally identifiable information, please e-mail [support@beenverified.com](mailto:support@beenverified.com) to have this information removed.

### Contacting the Site

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Site, or your dealings with the Site, please contact us at [support@beenverified.com](mailto:support@beenverified.com).

Mailing Address:  
BeenVerified.com  
307 5th Avenue, 16th Floor  
New York, NY 10016 

[](https://privacy-policy.truste.com/click-with-confidence/wps/en/www.beenverified.com/seal_m "TRUSTe online privacy certification")
