> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the beermania.online privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190316120728id_/http%3A//beermania.online/privacy.php%3Fref%3Dela123) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# .: Beermania.online - Drink Traditional German Beer and Earn Money From Home - Privacy Policy :.

**Data protection**

****  
1) Information about the collection of personal data and contact details of the person responsible 1.1 We are pleased that you visit our website and thank you for your interest. Below we inform you about the handling of your personal data when using our website. Personal data is all data that allows you to be personally identified.1.2 Responsible for the data processing on this website within the meaning of the General Data Protection Regulation (DSGVO) is Privatbrauerei Polsterbräu, Fichtenstr. 32, 71154 Nufringen, Germany, Email: admin@beermania.online (owner: Janus Nowak) The person responsible for the processing of personal data is the natural or legal person who, alone or in concert with others, decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data.1.3 For reasons of security and to protect the transmission of personal data and other confidential content (for example, orders or inquiries to the person responsible), this website uses an SSL or Internet connection. TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by the string "https: //" and the lock icon in your browser bar.

## 2) Data collection when visiting our website  


In the case of merely informative use of our website, ie if you do not register or otherwise provide us with information, we only collect data that your browser transmits to our server (so-called "server log files"). When you visit our website, we collect the following information that is technically necessary for us to display the website:Our visited website  
Date and time at the time of access  
Amount of data sent in bytes  
Source / reference from which you came to the page  
Used browser  
Operating system used  
Used IP address (possibly in anonymous form)The processing is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO based on our legitimate interest in improving the stability and functionality of our website. A transfer or other use of the data does not take place. However, we reserve the right to retrospectively check the server logfiles should concrete evidence point to unlawful use.  


## 3) Cookies  


In order to make the visit to our website attractive and to enable the use of certain functions, we use so-called cookies on various pages. These are small text files that are stored on your device. Some of the cookies we use are deleted after the end of the browser session, ie after closing your browser (so-called session cookies). Other cookies remain on your device and allow us or our affiliate (third-party cookies) to recognize your browser on your next visit (persistent cookies). If cookies are set, they collect and process individual user information such as browser and location data as well as IP address values on an individual basis. Persistent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period, which may differ depending on the cookie.In some cases, cookies are used to simplify the ordering process by storing settings (for example, remembering the contents of a virtual shopping cart for a later visit to the website). Insofar as personal cookies are also processed by individual cookies implemented by us, the processing is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO either for the execution of the contract or in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO for safeguarding our legitimate interests in the best possible functionality of the website as well as a customer-friendly and effective design of the page visit.We may work with advertising partners to help us make our web site more interesting to you. For this purpose, in this case, when you visit our website, cookies from partner companies are stored on your hard disk (third-party cookies). If we cooperate with aforementioned advertising partners, you will be informed individually and separately about the use of such cookies and the scope of the information collected in the following paragraphs.

Please note that you can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and individually decide on their acceptance or can exclude the acceptance of cookies for specific cases or in general. Each browser differs in the way it manages the cookie settings. This is described in the Help menu of each browser, which explains how to change your cookie settings. These can be found for the respective browser under the following links:Internet Explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies  
Firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en/kb/cookies-allow-and-dispose  
Chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en&hlrm=en  
Safari: https://support.apple.com/kb/ph21411?locale=en_US  
Opera: http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/en/cookies.htmlPlease note that if you do not accept cookies, the functionality of our website may be limited.

## 4) Contact  


When contacting us (for example via contact form or e-mail), personal data is collected. Which data are collected in the case of a contact form can be seen from the respective contact form. These data are stored and used solely for the purpose of answering your request or for establishing contact and the associated technical administration. The legal basis for processing the data is our legitimate interest in answering your request in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO. If your contact is aimed at concluding a contract, then additional legal basis for the processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO. Your data will be deleted after final processing of your request, this is the case if it can be inferred from the circumstances that the matter in question is finally clarified and provided that no statutory storage requirements are in conflict.  
5) Data processing when opening a customer account and for the execution of the contractAccording to Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO, personal data will continue to be collected and processed when you provide it to us for the purpose of concluding a contract or opening a customer account. Which data are collected, can be seen from the respective input forms. A deletion of your customer account is possible at any time and can by a message to the o.g. Address of the person responsible. We save and use the data you have provided for the execution of the contract. After completion of the contract or deletion of your customer account, your data will be blocked with regard to tax and commercial retention periods and deleted after expiration of these periods, unless you have expressly consented to a further use of your data or a legally permitted further data use by our side which we will inform you accordingly below.  
6) Use of your data for direct mail **Registration for our e-mail newsletter** If you subscribe to our e-mail newsletter, we will send you regular information about our offers. Mandatory information for sending the newsletter is your e-mail address alone. The indication of further possible data is voluntary and will be used to address you personally. For sending the newsletter, we use the so-called double opt-in procedure. This means that we will only send you an e-mail newsletter if you have explicitly confirmed to us that you agree to the sending of the newsletter. We will then send you a confirmation e-mail asking you to confirm by clicking on a link that you wish to receive newsletters in the future.By activating the confirmation link, you give us your consent to the use of your personal data in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a GDPR. When registering for the newsletter, we will save your IP address entered by the Internet Service Provider (ISP) as well as the date and time of registration in order to be able to trace a possible misuse of your e-mail address at a later date. The data collected by us when registering for the newsletter will be used exclusively for promotional purposes by means of the newsletter. You can cancel the newsletter at any time via the provided link in the newsletter or by sending a message to the person named above. After cancellation, your e-mail address will be deleted immediately in our newsletter distribution, as far as you have not expressly consented to a further use of your data or we reserve the right to further data usage, which is permitted by law and about which we inform you in this statement.

## 7) Data processing for order processing  


7.1 In order to process your order, we cooperate with the following service providers who support us wholly or partially in the execution of closed contracts. These personal data will be transmitted to these service providers in accordance with the following information.The personal data collected by us will be passed on to the transport company commissioned with the delivery within the scope of the contract, insofar as this is necessary for the delivery of the goods. We will pass on your payment details to the commissioned bank as part of the payment process, if this is necessary for the payment process. If payment service providers are used, we will inform you explicitly below. The legal basis for the transfer of the data is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO. **7.2 Disclosure of personal data to shipping service providers** \- DPD  
If the delivery of the goods by the transport service DPD (DPD Germany GmbH, Wailandtstraße 1, 63741 Aschaffenburg), we give your e-mail address and / or your telephone number before delivery of the goods in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. a DSGVO for the purpose of coordinating a delivery date or delivery notice to DPD, if you have given your explicit consent in the ordering process. Otherwise, we will provide for the purpose of service in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO only the name of the recipient and the delivery address to DPD. Passing on is only to the extent necessary for the delivery of goods. In this case, it is not possible to agree the delivery date with DPD beforehand or the delivery announcement.  
The consent can be withdrawn at any time with effect for the future against the person named above or against the transport service DPD.  
\- Hermes  
If the goods are delivered by the transport service provider Hermes (Hermes Logistik Gruppe Deutschland GmbH, Essener Strasse 89, 22419 Hamburg), we will provide your e-mail address prior to the delivery of the goods in accordance with Art. 6 (1) lit. a DSGVO for the purpose of coordinating a delivery date or delivery notification to Hermes, provided that you have given your express consent in the ordering process. Otherwise, we will provide for the purpose of service in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO only the name of the recipient and the delivery address to Hermes. Passing on is only to the extent necessary for the delivery of goods. In this case, it is not possible to agree the delivery date with Hermes beforehand or to transmit the status information of the consignment delivery.  
The consent can be withdrawn at any time with effect for the future against the person named above or against the transport service provider Hermes. **7.3 Use of payment service providers (payment service providers)** \- Paypal  
For payment via PayPal, credit card via PayPal, direct debit via PayPal or - if offered - "purchase on account" or "installment payment" via PayPal, we will transfer your payment data to Paypal (Europe) S.a.r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg (hereinafter referred to as "PayPal"). The disclosure is made in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO and only insofar as this is necessary for the payment process.  
PayPal reserves itself for the payment methods credit card via PayPal, direct debit via PayPal or - if offered - "purchase on account" or "installment" via PayPal the execution of a credit check. If necessary, your payment data will be processed in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO on the basis of the legitimate interest of PayPal in the determination of their solvency to credit bureaus passed. The result of the credit check on the statistical probability of default is used by PayPal for the purpose of deciding on the provision of the respective payment method. The credit information can contain probability values (so-called score values). Insofar as score values are included in the results of the credit rating, they are based on a scientifically recognized mathematical-statistical procedure. The calculation of score values includes, but is not limited to, address data. For further data protection information, among other things to the used credit reference agencies, please refer to the privacy policy of PayPal: https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full  
You can object to this processing of your data at any time by sending a message to PayPal. However, PayPal may continue to be entitled to process your personal data, if this is necessary for the contractual payment.  
\- SOFORT  
If the payment method "IMMEDIATELY" is selected, the payment is processed via the payment service provider SOFORT GmbH, Theresienhöhe 12, 80339 Munich, Germany (hereinafter referred to as "IMMEDIATE"), to which we will disclose your information communicated during the ordering process in addition to the information about your order in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b Pass on DSGVO. Sofort GmbH is part of the Klarna Group (Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sveavägen 46, 11134 Stockholm, Sweden). The transfer of your data is exclusively for the purpose of processing payments with the payment service provider SOFORT and only insofar as it is necessary for this. Further information about the privacy policy of SOFORT can be found at the following Internet address: https://www.klarna.com/sofort/datenschutz

## 8) Use of Social Media: Social Plugins  


**8.1 AddThis Bookmarking Plugins with Shariff Solution** Our website uses so-called social plugins ("plugins") of the AddThis bookmarking service provided by AddThis LLC, Inc. 8000 West Park Drive, Suite 625, McLean, VA 2210, USA ("AddThis") as part of Oracle Corporation is operated.In order to increase the protection of your data when visiting our website, these buttons are not fully integrated as plugins, but only by using an HTML link in the page. This type of engagement ensures that when you visit a page on our site that contains such buttons, it does not yet connect to the AddThis servers. If you click on the button, a new browser window opens and opens the AddThis page, where you can interact with the plugins there (if necessary after entering your login data).  
Oracle Corporation, the US-based AddThis umbrella organization, is certified to the US Privacy Shield, which ensures compliance with the level of data protection in the EU.You can revoke your consent at any time by deactivating the activated plugin by clicking again. However, the revocation does not affect the data that has already been transferred to AddThis.The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by AddThis as well as your related rights and setting options for the protection of your privacy can be found in the AddThis privacy policy: http://www.addthis.com/privacy/privacy-policy **8.2 Facebook plugins with Shariff solution** Our website uses so-called social plugins ("plugins") of the social network Facebook operated by Facebook Inc., 1 Hacker Way, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA ("Facebook").In order to increase the protection of your data when visiting our website, these buttons are not fully integrated as plugins, but only by using an HTML link in the page. This type of engagement will ensure that when you visit a page on our site that contains such buttons, we will not connect to the Facebook servers. If you click on the button, a new browser window opens and calls up the Facebook page, where you can interact with the plugins there (if necessary after entering your login data).Based in the US, Facebook Inc. is certified to the US Privacy Shield, which ensures compliance with the level of data protection in the EU.The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Facebook, as well as your rights in this regard and setting options for the protection of your privacy can be found in the Facebook privacy policy: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php **8.3 Instagram plugin as a Shariff solution** Our website uses social plugins ("plugins") from the Instagram online service operated by Instagram LLC., 1601 Willow Rd, Menlo Park, CA 94025, USA ("Instagram").In order to increase the protection of your data when visiting our website, these buttons are not fully integrated as plugins, but only by using an HTML link in the page. This type of engagement ensures that when you visit a page on our site that contains such buttons, we will not connect to Instagram's servers. If you click on the button, a new browser window opens and calls up the page of Instagram, where you can interact with the plugins there (if necessary after entering your login data).  
Instagram LLC. Based in the US, the US European Data Protection Convention "Privacy Shield" is certified, which ensures compliance with the applicable data protection level in the EU.The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Instagram as well as your rights in this respect and setting options for the protection of your privacy, please refer to the privacy policy of Instagram: https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388/ **8.4 LinkedIn plugin as a Shariff solution** Our website uses social plugins ("plugins") from the LinkedIn online service operated by LinkedIn Corporation, 2029 Stierlin Court, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("LinkedIn").In order to increase the protection of your data when visiting our website, these buttons are not fully integrated as plugins, but only by using an HTML link in the page. This type of engagement ensures that when you visit a page on our site that contains such buttons, we will not connect to LinkedIn's servers. If you click on the button, a new browser window opens and calls up the LinkedIn page, where you can interact with the plugins there (if necessary after entering your login data).  
United States-based LinkedIn Corporation is for the US-European  
Data Protection Convention "Privacy Shield", which ensures compliance with the data protection standard in the EU.For information on the purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by LinkedIn, as well as your rights and setting options for the protection of your privacy, please refer to the privacy policy of LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy **8.5 Pinterest plugin as Shariff solution** The seller's website uses so-called social plugins ("plugins") from the Pinterest social network operated by Pinterest Inc., 808 Brannan Street, San Francisco, CA, 94103, USA ("Pinterest").In order to increase the protection of your data when visiting our website, these buttons are not fully integrated as plugins, but only by using an HTML link in the page. This type of integration ensures that when you visit a page on our site that contains such buttons, we will not connect to the Pinterest servers. If you click on the button, a new browser window opens and calls up the page of Pinterest, where you can interact with the plugins there (if necessary after entering your login data).  
For information about the purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Pinterest, as well as your rights and settings options for protecting your privacy, please refer to the privacy policy of Pinterest: https://about.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy **8.6 Twitter plugin as a Shariff solution** Our website uses so-called social plugins ("plugins") from the Twitter microblogging service operated by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA ("Twitter").In order to increase the protection of your data when visiting our website, these buttons are not fully integrated as plugins, but only by using an HTML link in the page. This type of engagement ensures that when you visit a page on our site that contains such buttons, it does not connect to Twitter's servers. If you click on the button, a new browser window opens and calls up the page from Twitter, where you can interact with the plugins there (if necessary after entering your login data).  
Based in the US, Twitter Inc. is certified to the US Privacy Shield, which ensures compliance with the level of data protection in the EU.The purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by Twitter as well as your related rights and settings options for the protection of your privacy, please refer to the privacy policy of Twitter: https://twitter.com/privacy

## 9) Use of Social Media: Videos  


**Using Youtube videos** This site uses Youtube Embedding feature to display and play videos from "Youtube", which is owned by Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google").Here, the extended privacy mode is used, which according to the provider information storage of user information only when playing the / the video in motion. When the playback of embedded Youtube videos starts, the provider "Youtube" uses cookies to collect information about user behavior. According to "Youtube" hints, these are used, among other things, to capture video statistics, improve user-friendliness and prevent abusive practices. If you're logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account when you click a video. If you do not wish to associate with your profile on YouTube, you must log out before activating the button. Google stores your data (even for non-logged-in users) as usage profiles and evaluates them. According to Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR, such an evaluation is based on the legitimate interests of Google in the display of personalized advertising, market research and / or tailor-made design of its website. You have a right to object to the creation of these User Profiles, and you must be directed to YouTube to use them.Regardless of any playback of the embedded video, every time you visit this website, it will connect to the Google Network "DoubleClick", which may trigger further data processing without our having any influence.US-based Google LLC is certified under the US Privacy Shield, which ensures compliance with the level of data protection in the EU.For more information on data protection at "YouTube", please see the provider's privacy policy at: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy

## 10) Tools and Miscellaneous  


**10.1 Google reCAPTCHA** On this website, we also use the reCAPTCHA feature of Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). This function is primarily used to distinguish whether an input is made by a natural person or abusive by automated and automated processing. The service includes the sending of the IP address and possibly other data required by Google for the reCAPTCHA service to Google and is carried out in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO on the basis of our legitimate interest in determining the individual will-bearingness of actions on the Internet and the prevention of abuse and spam.US-based Google LLC is certified under the US Privacy Shield, which ensures compliance with the level of data protection in the EU.For more information about Google reCAPTCHA and Google's privacy policy, please visit: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ **10.2 Google Customer Reviews (formerly Google Certified Merchant Program)** We partner with Google LLC as part of the Google Customer Reviews program, which is the Google LLC., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). The program gives us the opportunity to request customer reviews from users of our website. When you shop on our website, you will be asked if you would like to participate in a Google email survey. If you have given your consent in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 lit. To issue a DSGVO, we will forward your email address to Google. You'll receive an email from Google Customer Reviews asking you to rate the shopping experience on our website. The rating you submit will then be aggregated with our other ratings and displayed in our Google Customer Reviews logo and in our Merchant Center dashboard, as well as being used for Google seller ratings.You can revoke your consent at any time by sending a message to the Data Controller or to Google.US-based Google LLC is certified under the US Privacy Shield, which ensures compliance with the level of data protection in the EU.For more information about Google's privacy policy with the Google Customer Reviews program, please visit the following link: https://support.google.com/merchants/answer/7188525?hl=en  
For more information about Google Seller ratings privacy, visit this link: https://support.google.com/adwords/answer/2375474 **10.3 Google Maps** On our website, we use Google Maps (API) from Google LLC, 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA ("Google"). Google Maps is a web service for displaying interactive (land) maps to visually display geographic information. The use of this service will show you our location and facilitate your arrival.When you visit any of the subpages where the Google Maps map is incorporated, information about your use of our website (such as your IP address) is transmitted to Google's servers in the United States and stored there. This is done regardless of whether Google provides a user account that you are logged in to, or if there is no user account. When you're logged in to Google, your data will be assigned directly to your account. If you do not wish to be associated with your profile on Google, you must log out before activating the button. Google stores your data (even for non-logged-in users) as usage profiles and evaluates them. According to Art. 6 (1) (f) of the GDPR, such an evaluation is based on the legitimate interests of Google in the display of personalized advertising, market research and / or tailor-made design of its website. You have a right of objection to the formation of these user profiles, and you must comply with this to Google.US-based Google LLC is certified under the US Privacy Shield, which ensures compliance with the level of data protection in the EU.If you disagree with the future transmission of your data to Google when using Google Maps, you can also disable the Google Maps web service completely by turning off the JavaScript application in your browser. Google Maps and the map display on this website can not be used.You can view Google's Terms of Use at http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/terms/regional.html for additional usage

## 11) Rights of the person concerned  


**11.1 The applicable data protection law grants you comprehensive data protection rights (information and intervention rights) to the person responsible with regard to the processing of your personal data, about which we inform you below:** Right to information pursuant to Art. 15 GDPR: In particular, you have the right to obtain information about the personal data processed by us, the processing purposes, the categories of processed personal data, the recipients or categories of recipients to whom your data was or are being disclosed, the planned Period of storage or the criteria for determining the duration of storage, the right of rectification, deletion, limitation of processing, objection to processing, complaint to a supervisory authority, the origin of your data, if they were not collected by us, the The existence of automated decision-making including profiling and possibly meaningful information on the logic involved and the scope and intended impact of such processing, as well as your right to be informed of what guarantees under Art. 46 GDPR for redirection I data in third countries;  
Right to correction according to Art. 16 GDPR: You have the right to immediate correction of incorrect data concerning you and / or completion of your incomplete data stored by us;  
Right to cancellation according to Art. 17 DSGVO: You have the right to demand the deletion of your personal data if the requirements of Art. 17 (1) GDPR are met. However, that right does not apply, in particular, where the processing is necessary for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression and information, for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the pursuit, exercise or defense of rights;  
Right to restriction of processing according to Art. 18 GDPR: You have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data as long as the correctness of your data is checked, if you refuse to delete your data due to inadmissible data processing and instead Restricting the processing of your data require, if you need your data for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal rights, after we no longer need these data after purpose or if you have objected for reasons of your particular situation, as long as it is not certain, whether our entitled Reasons predominate;  
Right to information in accordance with Art. 19 GDPR: If you have the right to rectify, delete or limit the processing to the person responsible, he / she is obliged to rectify or delete the data or all recipients who have been disclosed personal data Notify of limitation of the processing, unless this proves to be impossible or involves a disproportionate effort. You have the right to be informed about these recipients.  
Right to data portability according to Art. 20 GDPR: You have the right to receive your personal data provided to us in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request transmission to another person responsible, insofar as this is technically feasible;  
Right to revoke granted consent pursuant to Art. 7 para. 3 DSGVO: You have the right to revoke consent once given in the processing of data at any time with effect for the future. In the case of withdrawal, we will delete the data concerned immediately, as far as further processing can not be based on a legal basis for consentless processing. The revocation of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation;  
Right to complain under Art. 77 GDPR: If you consider that the processing of your personal data violates the GDPR, you have the right to complain to a supervisory authority, in particular in the case of an administrative or judicial remedy Member State of your whereabouts, place of work or place of alleged infringement. **11.2 RIGHT TO OBJECT** IF, IN THE CONTEXT OF INTEREST ACCOUNTABILITY, WE PROCESS OUR PERSONAL DATA BASED ON OUR MAJOR LEGITIMATE INTEREST, YOU HAVE ANY PRESENT RIGHT TO SUBMIT AGAINST THIS PROCESSING FOR CONSEQUENCES WITH EFFECT ON THE FUTURE FOR REASONS OBTAINED FROM YOUR SPECIFIC SITUATION. MAKE USE OF YOUR OPPOSITION RIGHT.

## 12) Duration of storage of personal data  


The duration of the storage of personal data is based on the respective legal retention period (eg commercial and tax retention periods). After the deadline, the corresponding data are routinely deleted, if they are no longer required to fulfill the contract or to initiate a contract and / or on our part no legitimate interest in the re-storage persists.
