> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jumia.com.eg privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190710130237id_/https%3A//www.jumia.com.eg/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Jumia Privacy Policy | Jumia Security Policy| Jumia Egypt

1\. Data that we collect

We may collect various pieces of information if you seek to place an order for a product with us on the Site.

We collect, store and process your data for processing your purchase on the Site and any possible later claims, and to provide you with our services. We may collect personal information including, but not limited to, your title, name, gender, date of birth, email address, postal address, delivery address (if different), telephone number, mobile number, fax number, payment details, payment card details or bank account details.

We will use the information you provide to enable us to process your orders and to provide you with the services and information offered through our website and which you request. Further, we will use the information you provide to administer your account with us; verify and carry out financial transactions in relation to payments you make online; audit the downloading of data from our website; improve the layout and/or content of the pages of our website and customize them for users; identify visitors on our website; carry out research on our users' demographics; send you information we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us, including information about our products and services, provided you have indicated that you have not objected to being contacted for these purposes. Subject to obtaining your consent we may contact you by email with details of other products and services. If you prefer not to receive any marketing communications from us, you can opt out at any time. 

We may pass your name and address on to a third party in order to make delivery of the product to you (for example to our courier or supplier).

Payments that you make through the Site will be processed by our agent Network International. You must only submit to us or our Agent or the Site information which is accurate and not misleading and you must keep it up to date and inform us of changes. 

Your actual order details may be stored with us but for security reasons cannot be retrieved directly by us. However, you may access this information by logging into your account on the Site. Here you can view the details of your orders that have been completed, those which are open and those which are shortly to be dispatched and administer your address details, bank details and any newsletter to which you may have subscribed. You undertake to treat the personal access data confidentially and not make it available to unauthorized third parties. We cannot assume any liability for misuse of passwords unless this misuse is our fault.

**Other uses of your personal information**  
We may use your personal information for opinion and market research. Your details are anonymous and will only be used for statistical purposes. You can choose to opt out of this at any time. Any answers to surveys or opinion polls we may ask you to complete will not be forwarded on to third parties. Disclosing your email address is only necessary if you would like to take part in competitions. We save the answers to our surveys separately from your email address.

We may also send you other information about us, the Site, our other websites, our products, sales promotions, our newsletters, anything relating to other companies in our group or our business partners. If you would prefer not to receive any of this additional information as detailed in this paragraph (or any part of it) please click the 'unsubscribe' link in any email that we send to you. Within 7 working days (days which are neither (i) a Friday nor Saturday, nor (ii) a public holiday anywhere in Egypt) of receipt of your instruction we will cease to send you information as requested. If your instruction is unclear we will contact you for clarification.

We may further anonymize data about users of the Site generally and use it for various purposes, including ascertaining the general location of the users and usage of certain aspects of the Site or a link contained in an email to those registered to receive them, and supplying that anonymized data to third parties such as publishers. However, that anonymized data will not be capable of identifying you personally.

By completing an order or signing up, you agree to receive a) emails associated with finalizing your order, which may contain relevant offers from third parties, and b) emails asking you to review Jumia and your purchase and c) promotional emails, SMS and push notifications from Jumia. You may unsubscribe from promotional emails via a link provided in each email. If you would like us to remove your personal information from our database, unsubscribe from emails and/or SMS, please email Customer Service email address by country.

**Competitions**  
For any competition we use the data to notify winners and advertise our offers. You can find more details where applicable in our participation terms for the respective competition.

**Third Parties and Links**  
We may pass your details to other companies in our group. We may also pass your details to our agents and subcontractors to help us with any of our uses of your data set out in our Privacy Policy. For example, we may use third parties to assist us with delivering products to you, to help us to collect payments from you, to analyze data and to provide us with marketing or customer service assistance. We may exchange information with third parties for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We may transfer our databases containing your personal information if we sell our business or part of it. Other than as set out in this Privacy Policy, we shall NOT sell or disclose your personal data to third parties without obtaining your prior consent unless this is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or unless we are required to do so by law. The Site may contain advertising of third parties and links to other sites or frames of other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those third parties or other sites, nor for any third party to whom we transfer your data in accordance with our Privacy Policy. 
