> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jblearning.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606164703id_/http%3A//www.jblearning.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Jones & Bartlett Learning

This web site is owned and operated by Jones & Bartlett Learning, LLC, an Ascend Learning, LLC company, with headquarters at 5 Wall Street, Burlington, MA 01803, USA, and its affiliates ("Jones & Bartlett Learning", "we", "our", or "us"). This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") explains to our customers and visitors ("you", "your") how we collect, use and disclose personal information that we obtain through this web site.

**General information:** Jones & Bartlett Learning, LLC is committed to responsible internet citizenship and the privacy of our customers and those visiting our website. Our user information is carefully safeguarded, and is never sold or marketed to third parties.

**Data Collection:** Jones & Bartlett Learning is dedicated to protecting the privacy of all personal information collected through this web site. We may collect personal information during the login process used to access certain portions of our website or to use other functions or features, as noted. Jones & Bartlett Learning may collect and use personally identifiable information including, but not limited to, the following: name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, employer, title, user ID and password, course information and IP address. Any demographic information we request is generally used in aggregate form for various analyses conducted by Jones & Bartlett Learning regarding our web site and related materials. In addition, if you are registered with Jones & Bartlett Learning for use of Jones & Bartlett Learning’s products, Jones & Bartlett Learning will collect and use data related to your use of such Jones & Bartlett Learning products ("Jones & Bartlett Learning Product Use") and for other purposes to which you expressly provide your consent. If your Jones & Bartlett Learning Product Use is in connection with a school or institution, Jones & Bartlett Learning will disclose your data to such school or institution. Jones & Bartlett Learning also collects general use information that does not specifically identify you. Credit card information used to purchase products is collected by and processed directly through a secure third-party payment processor approved by the PCI Security Standards Council.  Accordingly, Jones & Bartlett Learning does not collect, transmit, store, maintain or otherwise have access to your credit card information.

**Use of Information Collected on Jones & Bartlett Learning's Site:** We use personal information to provide the highest quality of service to our customers, prospects, and general visitors to this web site. We also use personal information and student and faculty data in connection with Jones & Bartlett Learning Product Use, as further described in each applicable Jones & Bartlett Learning product and any product specific Jones & Bartlett Learning products and services. This may include using and reporting of de-identified, anonymous, aggregated data. In addition to the specific purposes for which we collect certain data, as described further in this Privacy Policy, Jones & Bartlett Learning may collect personal information in connection with any online employment applications, or so that we can contact you, provide materials to you upon your request, keep you posted on new Jones & Bartlett Learning products and services, track your orders, register you, send relevant messages via e-mail or postal mail, or for any other purpose identified when personal information is collected. The Jones & Bartlett Learning website provides a way to indicate that you do not wish to receive these messages in which case we will remove your information from the appropriate list.

**Shopping cart/Review Copy Cart:** Both our online Shopping Cart and our Review Copy Cart use your email address to track your order. This allows us to automatically send you a receipt and a shipping confirmation electronically, and to contact you in case of a problem or a need for more information to process your order. We reserve the right to send you periodic communications for marketing and promotional purposes. When you order from us, we may ask you at the end of your order if you would like to receive email (see below), but you will not be signed up automatically. You will need to manually click the indicated link, choose one or more product categories, and then submit a form to get signed up for email updates.

**Email:** Our email messages are based on an opt-in system, and are not considered unsolicited commercial email (SPAM). If you received such a message from us, someone using that address signed up to receive our messages. If you are the owner of this account and did not sign up, you may remove your email address by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the email. This will permanently remove your address from Jones & Bartlett Learning email distribution list unless you choose to join again later.

If you have any trouble, please click [here](http://www.jblearning.com/techsupport/) for Technical Help and we will attempt to resolve your problem as quickly as possible.

**Referrals/Recommendations:** If you receive an email from us marked "Tell a Friend," these messages have been sent via a Web-form by an individual who indicated that they were a colleague or friend of yours and wanted you to receive information about something they were browsing on our web site, such as a newly published title or newly released web site. The name and email address of the individual who has sent you the referral will be included in the email you receive.

Email addresses to which we send Tell-a-Friend messages are NOT saved for our further use. The software we use to send these messages is "double-blind," meaning that we do not know whom these messages are being sent, and you will not be contacted by us again in the future as a result of receiving or sending one of these referrals or recommendations.

**Information Sharing:** Jones & Bartlett Learning will not sell, rent, trade or lease your personal information to others unless we have requested to do so and have received your permission, provided, however, that you authorize Jones & Bartlett Learning to disclose your personal information to others under the following circumstances: We may, and you authorize Jones & Bartlett Learning to, transfer your personal information to any Jones & Bartlett Learning affiliate (or business partner or agent acting on our behalf) worldwide for purposes described herein. Such Jones & Bartlett Learning affiliates, business partners, and agents will be under the same obligations as is Jones & Bartlett Learning under this Privacy Policy. We may be required to transfer your personal information by law or under a court order or in connection with an organizational change, such as a merger or acquisition by another company or the sale of Jones & Bartlett Learning’s assets. If Jones & Bartlett Learning, in its sole discretion, determines that that a transfer is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of Jones & Bartlett Learning or its personnel, or this site or its users, then we may also share your personal information. Any personal information and student and faculty data collected or used in connection with Jones & Bartlett Learning Product Use, may be shared with third parties as described in each applicable Jones & Bartlett Learning product and related Jones & Bartlett Learning terms of use, with necessary consents as may be required and also described therein.

**Data Protection:** Jones & Bartlett Learning is committed to ensuring the security of your information. We use industry-standard processes designed to protect sensitive data, however, because of the nature of internet, we cannot guarantee the security of the information you transmit, so you should take precautions to protect your personal information when you are on the internet, such as changing passwords often, using a combination of letters and numbers when creating passwords, and using a secure browser.

**Consent:** By use of the Jones & Bartlett Learning website, and entry of any personal information into this site or in any Jones & Bartlett Learning program accessed through our website, you are consenting to the collection, use, and transfer of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy. If you are located outside the United States, your use and entry of personal information into this site constitutes your consent to the transfer of your personal information into the United States. Although we do not normally collect any sensitive personal information (such as ethnicity or race, religious beliefs or medical conditions), your entry of any such sensitive information on this web site is your express consent to the collection, use and transfer of such information.

**Cookies and other Tracking Devices:** Jones & Bartlett Learning may use cookies, IP addresses, and other passive tracking devices to collect aggregate statistics about our web site. We use this information to monitor the performance of this site so we can improve its use and add features and programs to make it more effective. Jones & Bartlett Learning may also disclose this aggregate information to third parties. You may choose to set your browser settings to disable cookies, however, please note that if you do so, you may not be able to complete certain activities or access certain information on our web site.

**Links:** Jones & Bartlett Learning's web site may contain links to other web sites, including those of Jones & Bartlett Learning's affiliated companies. Please note that these other web sites' privacy policies may differ from Jones & Bartlett Learning's and we encourage you to carefully read those policies, as well. Jones & Bartlett Learning is not responsible for and does not endorse the contents of any web site of another party or for the policies or actions of any such party.

**Surveys and Drawings:** From time-to-time, Jones & Bartlett Learning may request information from users via surveys or drawing entries. Participation in these surveys or drawings is completely voluntary, so you can decide whether you want to provide the information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as postal code, age range). If you give Jones & Bartlett Learning information in connection with an Jones & Bartlett Learning drawing, survey, or similar promotion, you agree that we can use that information to manage those activities. Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes, if applicable.

**Website Visitors in Canada:** If you are in Canada, Jones & Bartlett Learning and you confirm that it is their wish that this document and all other related documents be drawn up in English. Jones & Bartlett et vous reconnaissent avoir exigé la rédaction en anglais du présent document ainsi que tous les documents qui s'y rattachent.

**Revisions to this Privacy Policy:** Jones & Bartlett Learning reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time, without notice, so please review this Privacy Policy frequently. Each version of this Privacy Policy will have a date, as noted below.

**Feedback:** If you have any questions or comments about Jones & Bartlett Learning's Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at [info@jblearning.com](mailto:info@jblearning.com)

Jones & Bartlett Learning, LLC Privacy Policy (Rev October2015)
