> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sonicbids.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230181002id_/http%3A//www.sonicbids.com/about/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Sonicbids

Sonicbids Corporation (“Sonicbids”) has created this web site to provide an online platform for artists, promoters and other music professionals.

Sonicbids is committed to maintaining your privacy. This privacy policy and agreement ( **“Privacy Policy”** ) covers how we collect, use, and treat personal information that you may provide through our website (the **“Website”** or the **“Site”** ) or while participating in the services we offer at the Website (the **“Services”** ). The terms **“you”** and **“your”** refer to any visitor to the Website, including (i) casual visitors to our Site, who do not participate in the Services ( **“Site Visitors”** ), (ii) artists and other music professionals who visit the Site to promote, introduce, and air their works, (iii) agents who visit the site on behalf of the of artists and other music professionals whom they represent, and (iv) promoters, licensors, music supervisors and anyone else engaged in booking or licensing music. The artists, other music professionals, agents, promoters, licensors and music supervisors who are registered with our Site are collectively referred to as Registered Members ( **“Registered Members”** ). The terms **“Sonicbids,”** **“we”** and **“us”** refer to Sonicbids Corporation.

## 1\. Your Consent

| Please read this Privacy Policy carefully; once you consent to this Policy’s terms, it creates legal obligations on you and on Sonicbids. We ask you to show your consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy in different ways, depending on your relationship to the Site. The procedures for consenting to this Policy are (a) less formal if you are simply a casual Site Visitor, and (b) more formal if you are seeking to become a Registered Member on the Site. **1.1. Consent by Site Visitor.** By accessing and using our Website as a Site Visitor, you are acknowledging that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and agree to be legally bound by it. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using our Site. 

**1.2. Consent by Registered Members.** If you register as a member of our Site, you will be prompted to click an “I Accept” button linked to this Policy during the registration process. Clicking “I accept” confirms your agreement to be bound by this Privacy Policy.  
  
## 2\. The Types Of Information You May Provide

| Information you may provide while visiting our Site or while participating in our Services falls into two broad categories: (i) personally identifiable information, and (ii) aggregate information. We use the term “ **Personally Identifiable Information** ” to mean any information that could reasonably be used to identify you, including your name, address, e-mail address, birth date, financial information, photograph, telephone number or any combination of information that could be used to identify you. “ **Anonymous Information** ” is information that does not identify you, and may include statistical information concerning, for example, your use of our Services, your access to works by our Registered Members, or the pages on our Site that you visit most frequently. These two categories of information can be further divided into (iii) information that we collect from, and that you provide to us (“ **Site-Directed Information** “), and (iv) information you intend to provide or make available to other Members on our Site (“ **Registered Member-Directed Information** “). Our Privacy Policy governs all Site-Directed Information – whether this information is personally identifiable information or anonymous information – and does not govern Member-Directed Information, as we have no direct control over the collection or use of Registered Member-Directed Information.  
  
## 3\. Site-Directed Personally Identifiable Information; Our Uses Of This Information

| As a Site Visitor, we allow you to decide whether you wish to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information. Accordingly, we have structured our Website so that you may visit our Site, and review selected information about artists and other materials relating to the music industry, without revealing your identity or providing any Personally Identifying Information.We will only share personally identifiable information you choose to provide to us via the Website with third parties as expressly disclosed in this section. We will not share it in any other way. We collect information from Site Visitors and Registered Members at different points on our Website and through our Services, and use this information as follows: 

**3.1. Registration Information; User Names.** In order to participate in our Services as a Registered Member and/or maintain a Multiple User Account, we require that you complete a registration form. Our registration forms will specify the information which you must provide in order to enjoy the particular feature to which you wish to subscribe, which may include such items as (i) name; (ii) mailing address; (iii) birth date (for COPPA and eligibility purposes); and (iv) email address. Our registration forms may additionally request information which you may, at your option, choose to provide or withhold. The registration process provides Registered Members with a user name and password, which allow them to gain access to the Website and Services to which they have subscribed. Our system relies on user names as the public “identifier” for the particular Registered Member.

Please be careful to keep your password private. Please refer to our Terms and Conditions of Use regarding suggestions for protecting your password.

As indicated above, you may use our Site without registering or submitting any information to us. In that case, the only information we collect from your visit will be Aggregate Information that does not identify you in any way. Our obligations concerning, and permitted uses of, Aggregate Information are also set out below.

**3.2. EPKs: Information concerning Artists.** As a Registered Member, you may wish to register yourself or your band (if you are a artist). Information you submit as part of your Electronic Press Kit (EPKTM) is public information and is not treated as personally identifiable information under this Privacy Policy. It is the Registered Member’s responsibility to use discretion in what is posted as part of their EPK.

**3.3. Accounts: Information concerning Artists.** As a Registered Member, you will provide contact information including your name, e-mail address, phone number and address. When you make a submission to a promoter, the promoter will have access to your name, e-mail address, phone number and address to facilitate booking communication. This information is public information and is not treated as personally identifiable information under this Privacy Policy. It is the Registered Member’s responsibility to use discretion in what is posted as part of their account.

**3.4. Third Parties Acting in a Representative Capacity.** If you, as a Registered Member, have authorized another to represent you on this Site or if you represent that you are authorized to represent another on this Site, we advise you to use discretion in posting or allowing that representative to post or otherwise publish any personally identifiable information.

**3.5. Email Addresses.** Both Site Visitors and Registered Members may wish to provide us with comments and feedback concerning our Site generally. By communicating with us for these purposes, you may provide us with your email address and other Personally Identifiable Information. In these instances, we use any information you provide to us strictly for the purposes for which you submit the information.

**3.6. Questionnaires and Surveys.** Our Website may allow Site Visitors and Registered Members to participate in surveys and/or questionnaires, which from time to time we may post on the Site. You are free to choose whether you participate in a survey or questionnaire. We may ask that, in addition to providing your responses, you also provide personally identifiable information. In these instances, we use any information you provide to us strictly for the purposes for which you submit the information. Survey and questionnaire information may be used for the purposes of monitoring or improving the use and appeal of this Site. We advise you to use discretion in including any Personally Identifiable Information that would enable a third party reviewing your response to link the response to you.

**3.7. Registered Member Comments/Feedback.** Our Website allows Registered Members to provide comments or feedback regarding promoters you have submitted to and/or regarding opportunities for which you have submitted. We may ask that, in addition to providing your comments, you also provide personally identifiable information. In these instances, we use any information you provide to us strictly for the purposes for which you submit the information. Your comments and feedback may be used for the purposes of enhancing our users’ experience on the Site. Please note that your Account Name will be listed next the comments and feedback you provide.

**3.8. Use of Registered Members’ EPKs in Promotions.** We believe that our Registered Members’ own experiences on the Site can often act as the strongest promotion for the Site and our Services. To promote and illustrate our Services and the Site, therefore, we may wish to post on our Home Page, and in other areas of the Site, the EPKs of our Registered Members. We assume that Registered Members are interested in (or do not object to) publicizing their profiles and related Content. If we have used your profile or other information for these purposes, and you do not wish us to do so, please notify us as provided in Section 15 (Contact Us). If personally identifiable information is involved, we will remove the information from our promotional material, within a reasonable period of time.

**3.9. Informational Notices and Bulletins.** Periodically, we may choose to send news, bulletins, marketing materials, or other information to Registered Members, and will use personally identifiable information to send such communications. If we choose to undertake such communications, you will have the ability to opt out of receiving these communications as provided in Section 7 (Changing or Removing Information; Opting Out).

**3.10. Message Boards and Chat Rooms.** We offer a message board system on our Site and you may choose to participate in an online discussion or to provide online comments. Any comments you contribute to the online dialogue, however, become public immediately and any personally identifiable information you disclose becomes available to the other participants in the discussion. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information you disclose in such online discussions on our Site. You should, therefore, use discretion in what you submit to these exchanges.  
  
## 4\. Anonymous, Aggregate Information

| We use Anonymous Information to analyze the effectiveness of our Site, to improve our Services, and for other similar purposes. In addition, from time to time, we may undertake or commission statistical and other summary analyses of the general behavior and characteristics of users participating in our Services and the characteristics of visitors at our Site, and may share Anonymous Information with third parties, including Advertisers. Rest assured, though, that Anonymous Information provided to third parties will not allow anyone to identify you, or determine anything personal about you. We may collect Anonymous Information through features of the software that supports our Services, through cookies, and through other means described below. **4.1. IP Addresses; Logs.** Sonicbids may automatically receive and record information in our server logs from your browser, including your IP address (the Internet address of your computer), your computer’s name, the type and version of your web browser, referrer addresses and other generally-accepted log information. We may also record page views (hit counts) and other general statistical and tracking information, which will be aggregated with that of other users in order to understand how our Website is being used, and for security and monitoring purposes. None of this data contains personally identifiable information. 

**4.2. Cookies.** A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier, which is sent to your browser from a website’s computers and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies can be used to provide you with a tailored user experience and to make it easier for you to use a website upon a future visit. We may include cookies on our Website and use them to recognize you when you return to our Website. You may set your browser so that it does not accept cookies. Cookies must be enabled on your web browser, however, if you wish to access certain personalized features of our Services.

**4.3. Tags.** We may use so-called “pixel tags” — small graphic images (also know as “web beacons” or “single-pixel GIFS”) — to tell us what parts of our website have been visited or to measure the effectiveness of searches customers perform on our Site. Pixel tags also enable us to send email messages in a format customers can read, and they inform us whether emails have been opened, to help ensure that our messages are of interest to our Registered Members. None of this data includes personally identifiable information, and you can “opt-out” of receiving these types of emails from us by following the directions provided in Section 7 (Changing or Removing Information; Opting Out). If any personally identifiable information is collected using such tools, it will be subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

**4.4. Click-throughs.** We may send email messages which use a “click-through URL” linked to content on our Website. When you click one of these URLs, you pass through our web server before arriving at the destination web page. We tracks this click-through data to help determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked simply do not click text or graphic links in the email, or notify us in accordance with Section 7 (Changing or Removing Information; Opting Out).

**4.5. Banner Ads; Advertising Profiles.** The Services may include the use of ad banner partners for the serving and/or targeting of ads, promotions, and other marketing messages. These ads may be provided, in some cases, by a third party ad service provider or advertiser (“ **Advertisers** “). These Advertisers may use traditional banner ads, or other advertising methods, such as advertising using profiles and related Content. An Advertiser may place or utilize its own cookie on your browser, and may use Anonymous Information about your visit to our sites, such as the number of times you have viewed the ad. If the Advertiser requests that you provide to it personally identifiable information, please be aware that this Advertiser’s use and collection of this information will be governed by its own privacy policy, and not our Policy. We recommend that you review the Advertiser’s privacy policy before providing personally identifiable information.

**4.6. Computer Configuration.** In order to determine whether your computer is supported by our system, we may collect certain Anonymous Information. This information includes, but may not be limited to, your operating system and browser, as well as the presence of any software that our Website may require to operate with your computer, or other third party software on your computer. This information is kept strictly confidential and is not shared with third parties, except as provided for in this Privacy Policy.  
  
## 5\. Any Information Linked With Your Personally Identifiable Information Is Protected As “Personally Identifiable Information”

| To enable us to better understand the characteristics of our Customers and/or to provide services tailored to your needs, we may link (a) the personally identifiable information you have provided; with (b) Anonymous Information. If we combine or link any Anonymous Information or other information with your personally identifiable information, the resulting combination will be treated and protected as personally identifiable information under this Privacy Policy. Accordingly, no unrelated third parties will have access to this information, and any of our service providers who are granted access to this information will be bound to protect it in accordance with this Policy.  
  
## 6\. We Do Not Disclose Site-Directed, Personally Identifiable Information to Unaffiliated Third Parties; Limited Exceptions

| We will not disclose your personally identifiable information to unaffiliated third parties without your express consent, except in the following limited circumstances: **6.1. Sonicbids Site Vendors.** We may employ other companies to perform functions on our behalf, such as maintaining the Website, providing services related to the Site, collecting information, responding to and sending electronic mail, or other functions necessary to our business. We may need to share your personally identifiable information with these companies (collectively, “ **Site Vendors** “). We will provide Site Vendors with only that information necessary to perform their functions, and we will not allow them to use your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. 

**6.2. Question of Harm.** We may reveal your personally identifiable information to attorneys, private investigator organizations or law enforcement agencies if we believe (a) that you are in risk of harm from another, or (b) that you are harming or interfering (or will harm or interfere) with others or violating (either intentionally or unintentionally) our Terms and Conditions of Use or otherwise violating legal rights.

**6.3. Legal.** Sonicbids will reveal your personally identifiable information, to the extent we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law. If we receive legal process calling for the disclosure of your personally identifiable information we will attempt to notify you via the email address you supplied during registration within a reasonable amount of time before we respond to the request, unless such notification is not permitted.

**6.4. Transfer of Site.** Sonicbids shall be entitled to transfer to a third party information it collects, including any personally identifiable information, in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the business entity responsible for the information under this Policy, provided the acquiring third party has agreed to safeguard your personally identifiable information with protections that in all material respects are the same as or more protective than those set out in this Privacy Policy.  
  
## 7\. Changing or Removing Information; Opting Out

| **7.1. Discretionary Account Information.** To allow appropriate control over personally identifiable information, you can access your account (after supplying your user name and password) to change or update discretionary information that you have previously submitted. **7.2. Opt-Out.** If we choose to send to you bulletins, updates, or other unsolicited communications that are marketing-related materials, we will provide you with the ability to decline — or “opt-out of” – receiving such communications. Instructions for opting-out will be provided if and when we determine to send you such a communication. Please understand that you will not be allowed to “opt–out” of formal notices concerning operation of this Website, and legal and other related notices concerning your relationship to the Site. 

**7.3. Deleting Information.** Finally, if you request, we will remove your name and all other personally identifiable information from our databases. Please understand, however, that it may be impossible to remove this information completely, due to backups and records of deletions. In addition, please understand that, if you request deletion of your information, you will be unable to utilize associated features of the Website and any associated Services. You may not remove de-identified, anonymous, or aggregate data from our databases.

**7.4. Parental Review.** A parent of a Registered Member who is under the age of majority is entitled to review the information that we have collected from or concerning their child (or ward), withdraw their consent to our further use of such information, or direct the deletion of such information by contacting us in accordance with Section 15 (Contact Us).  
  
## 8\. Security

| We have put in place security systems designed to prevent unauthorized access to or disclosure of personally identifiable Site-Directed Information you provide to us, and we take all reasonable steps to secure and safeguard this Information. Our Site’s password-protected section requires users to give us unique identifiers such as their user id and password. Moreover, we store all Site-Directed personally identifiable information we receive on a secure system isolated from direct connection to the Internet. Sonicbids employees (and employees of our affiliates and Site Vendors) are required to acknowledge that they understand and will abide by our policies with respect to the confidentiality of personally identifiable information. Moreover, we provide access to our databases containing personally identifiable information on a need-to-know basis only.Our security systems are therefore structured to deter and prevent hackers and others from accessing information you provide to us. We also use software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. Please understand, though, that this information should not be construed in any way as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided by or submitted to Sonicbids. Due to the nature of Internet communications and evolving technologies, we cannot provide, and disclaim, assurance that the information you provide us will remain free from loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties who, despite our efforts, obtain unauthorized access.  
  
## 9\. Notice of Security Incident

| If we detect, despite the safeguards set out above, an intrusion or other unauthorized access to or use of personally identifiable information (an “ **Intrusion** “), we will (i) notify effected users of the Intrusion if the information at issue is sensitive, in our discretion, (ii) deliver this notice by the means we deem most efficient under the circumstances (such as, for example, first class mail or email); (iii) use contact information for each effected user that is current in our files; and (iv) use commercially reasonable efforts to accomplish these steps and effect this notice in a timely manner. To the extent applicable law requires steps in addition to those specified above, we will under all circumstances comply with applicable law.  
  
## 10\. Privacy Policy regarding children under 13 years-of-age

| Nothing on [www.sonicbids.com](http://www.sonicbids.com/)(“this website”) is directed to children under 13 years-of-age. Sonicbids does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information on this website from children under 13 years-of-age.If Sonicbids learns that personally identifiable information from children under 13 years-of-age has been collected and/or is maintained on this website without verifiable parental consent, Sonicbids will take appropriate steps to delete such data. If you are a parent or guardian and find out that your child under 13 years-of-age has registered with [www.sonicbids.com](http://www.sonicbids.com/) and has provided personally identifiable information on this website, you may inform Sonicbids at [needhelp@sonicbids.com](mailto:needhelp@sonicbids.com) and request that Sonicbids delete your child’s personally identifiable information from its systems. After notice, Sonicbids will delete all such information. 

Please feel free to send an email to [needhelp@sonicbids.com](mailto:needhelp@sonicbids.com) should you wish to share any comments, questions or advice regarding these privacy guidelines.  
  
## 11\. Notification of Changes

| From time to time, Sonicbids may change its Privacy Policy. If we make any changes regarding disclosure of personally identifiable information to third parties, we will attempt to contact you prior to the date the modified policy is scheduled to take effect. We will post notice of the new Policy from the privacy link on our Website. With respect to Site Visitors, your use of our Site following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Privacy Policy, as changed. With respect to Registered Members, no such changes will take effect unless and until you have provided us with your consent to such changes, in accordance with Section 1.2, above.  
  
## 12\. Our Affiliates

| We may choose to rely on and share information with companies closely related to us – our “Affiliates” — for certain purposes under this Privacy Policy. By “Affiliate,” we mean an entity that controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with Sonicbids, whether the control results from equity ownership, contract, overlapping management or otherwise. In this context, “control” means the ability to replace the officers or directors or otherwise materially influence or control management decisions. You agree that Sonicbids Affiliates will be entitled to enjoy our rights under this Policy and, in exchange, we agree that we will be responsible for our Affiliate’s conduct under this Policy, if our Affiliate fails to comply with any resulting obligations. In any event, we ensure that our Affiliates agree to protect personally identifiable information in a manner no less protective of your interests than the protections set out in this Policy.  
  
## 13\. Relationship to Terms of Use and Other Contracts

| This Privacy Policy must be read in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions of Use, and the provisions of our Terms and Conditions of Use are incorporated herein. To the extent the Terms and Conditions of Use conflict with the terms of this Privacy Policy, the terms of this Privacy Policy will control.  
  
## 14\. Further Resources

| If you wish further information concerning privacy policies in general, concerning online social networking and safety, and concerning the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, you should visit the following sites:[http://www.safeteens.com](http://www.safeteens.com/)  
<http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/index.html>  
[ http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens_educ.html/a>  
](http://www.ftc.gov/privacy/privacyinitiatives/childrens_educ.html)[ http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/conline/edcams/kidzprivacy/index.html](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230181002id_/http://www.sonicbids.com/about/privacy-policy/onclick=)  
<http://www.wiredsafety.org/internet101/blogs.html>  
<http://www.netsmartz.org/netteens.htm>  
[ http://www.isafe.org/channels/sub.php?ch=op&sub_id=media_tips](http://www.isafe.org/channels/sub.php?ch=op&sub_id=media_tips)  
  
## 15\. Contact Us

| If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this Site, or your dealings with this Website, please contact us at:You may contact us, for any reason, by filling out the web form at  
<http://www.sonicbids.com/support>

You may contact us by mail as follows:

Sonicbids Corporation  
500 Harrison Avenue, Suite 404R  
Boston, MA 02118  
  
## 16\. Effective Date

| The effective date of this Privacy Policy is January 26, 2009.
