> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sonyclassics.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-12-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20041220033847id_/http%3A//www.sonypictures.com/corp/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Sony Pictures - Privacy Policy

PRIVACY STATEMENT 

This site's Privacy Policy will be updated on January 1, 2005. Until then, this Privacy Policy will remain in effect. To read the updated Privacy Policy, [click here](https://web.archive.org/web/20041220033847id_/http%3A//www.sonypictures.com/corp/privacy2005.html). 

PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT CAREFULLY  
BEFORE USING THIS WEB SITE OR ANY SONY PICTURES FORUM.

This Privacy Statement is applicable to all Sony Pictures Entertainment ("Sony Pictures Entertainment") Web sites and other sites on the Internet and World Wide Web owned and operated by Sony Pictures Entertainment (the "Sony Pictures Entertainment Sites"), and all services provided thereon, including all Sony Pictures Entertainment Forums (collectively, unless noted otherwise, the "Services"). Sony Pictures Entertainment respects the privacy concerns of all users of the Services. Sony Pictures Entertainment also recognizes the valuable potential of technology to help people communicate with the companies whose Web sites they visit, particularly through customer databases. Responsible use of the information you share with Sony Pictures Entertainment is paramount. In order to help you understand how the information you provide Sony Pictures Entertainment will be used, the following guidelines have been created. 

Personally Identifiable Information:

In order to use certain portions of the Services (i.e., Sony Pictures Entertainment Forums), you may be required to register and create an account with Sony Pictures Entertainment ("Sony Pictures Entertainment Account"). There is no cost to create a Sony Pictures Entertainment Account but you will be asked to choose a member name (please select a name other than your real name; also, please do not select the name of a real person), password, and provide certain personal information about yourself, such as your real name, age, address, telephone number, occupation and e-mail address. If you do provide Sony Pictures Entertainment with personally identifiable information, we will take all reasonable and appropriate steps to protect this information. Sony Pictures Entertainment will not disclose, share, sell or rent personally identifiable information to any third party without your prior consent. If you make a purchase or enter a sweepstakes on our site, you will be deemed to consent to us providing your information to third party vendors who process credit card transactions and fulfill orders and/or prize delivery, as applicable. 

Please note that your member name will be available to other members of the Sony Pictures Entertainment community while you participate in certain Sony Pictures Entertainment Forums. At your discretion, you may also choose to create a public profile for yourself which will be available to the public (other members of the Sony Pictures Entertainment community). Public profiles are managed entirely by you and you are solely responsible for the profile's content and its "public" or "private" status on the Sony Pictures Entertainment Sites. You may access, edit or delete your public profile by signing in to your account and clicking on "My Public Info." Children under 13 years of age are prohibited from creating a public profile. 

Other than registration information, you may be asked to provide certain personal information in connection with your use of or participation in certain promotions such as entering sweepstakes, contests, surveys, newsletters, etc, ("Special Promotions"). In these instances, you will be informed of the intended use(s) of the requested information. 

Children Under 13 Years of Age:

Sony Pictures Entertainment respects the privacy of children of all ages. Sony Pictures Entertainment particularly recognizes the sensitivity of personal information concerning children under the age of 13 and therefore provides this special notice to parent(s) or guardian(s) regarding the collection and use of information collected from children in this age group. 

Generally speaking, Sony Pictures Entertainment will not collect and maintain any personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age without first obtaining consent from that child's parent or guardian. 

If a child under 13 years of age wishes to create a Sony Pictures Entertainment Account, or participate in a Special Promotion, the child will be asked to provide a limited amount of personally identifiable information (no more information than is reasonably necessary to enable that child to participate in the activity or Special Promotion) along with his/her parent or guardian's e-mail address. Sony Pictures Entertainment will then send an e-mail (the "Initial Notification") to the Parent indicating the information that the child is requested to provide, the intended use(s) of the information and information on how the parent or guardian can, at their election, delete the child's information from Sony Pictures Entertainment's database or records. Upon receipt of the Initial Notification, a parent or guardian may respond back to Sony Pictures Entertainment to (a) activate the child's Sony Pictures Entertainment Account, or (b) delete the child's Sony Pictures Entertainment Account and cause all information collected to be automatically deleted. By activating the child's Sony Pictures Entertainment Account, the parent or guardian may consent to Sony Pictures Entertainment's maintaining the limited personally identifiable information collected from the child, using the information as stated in the Initial Notification, and allowing the child to access the Forums. If a Sony Pictures Entertainment Account is not activated or deleted by the parent or guardian within 30 days of the Initial Notification, the information collected from the child is automatically deleted from Sony Pictures Entertainment's database. Once a Sony Pictures Entertainment Account is activated by a parent or guardian, subsequent e-mails will be sent to the parent or guardian's e-mail address each time a child participates in a Special Promotion. Some Special Promotions such as sweepstakes require that the child provide additional personally identifiable information for purposes of verifying eligibility for entry into the promotion or fulfilling prize awards to winners. These subsequent e-mails to the parent will inform the parent of the characteristics of the Special Promotion and where the parent may view more information about the Special Promotion. 

Sony Pictures Entertainment will use reasonable efforts to delete a child's information from Sony Pictures Entertainment's files upon request. Parents are instructed on the procedure for deleting a child's information in the Initial Notification. After activating a child's account, a parent or guardian should refer to the "How to review, update or delete your or your child's personal information" section of this document, found below. Parents are encouraged to spend time online with their children to become familiar with the types of content available on the Sony Pictures Entertainment Sites and the Internet in general. Control tools are available from online services and software manufacturers to create a safe environment for children. 

Non-Personally Identifiable Information:

As part of the registration process to create a Sony Pictures Entertainment Account or to participate in a Special Promotion, you may be asked to provide certain information about yourself which does not personally identify you. For example, you may be asked to provide information concerning your music or other entertainment preferences, purchasing habits, and the like. Sony Pictures Entertainment requests this information in order to enhance your online experience by understanding you better and to also make you aware of new services, programs or offers in which you may be interested. 

In general, you can use the Services (except Sony Pictures Entertainment Forums) while remaining anonymous. However, in some cases, Sony Pictures Entertainment may still be able to collect certain non-personally identifiable information about your use of the Services. For example, Sony Pictures Entertainment might collect information concerning the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider and/or the Web site or advertisement from which you linked to the Sony Pictures Entertainment site. 

When you visit one of the Sony Pictures Entertainment Sites or advertisements appearing thereon, or use one or more of the Services, we may use an industry-wide technology called "cookies" which stores certain information on your computer and which will allow us to customize your experience to better match your interests and preferences or simply facilitate your signing in to use the Services. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. 

In general, Sony Pictures Entertainment may use non-personally identifiable information to improve and enhance the Services. However, from time to time, Sony Pictures Entertainment may share this information with other entities in aggregate, non-personal form to show general demographic and preference information among users of the Sony Pictures Entertainment Sites. 

Other sensitive information:

Whenever you give Sony Pictures Entertainment sensitive information (e.g., credit card numbers), Sony Pictures Entertainment will take all commercially reasonable steps to protect such information by establishing a secure connection with your Web browser. Sony Pictures Entertainment employs an industry-wide technology known as a secure-socket-layer ("SSL") to protect the transmission of payment information to the Site. Unless otherwise specified herein, credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and are not retained for marketing or any other purposes. 

Postings to Forums:

All postings, whether in a chat room, on message boards or other method of communication within the Forums will generally be available to and freely accessible by other users of the Sony Pictures Entertainment Forums. Therefore, users should not expect that any information they post will be kept private or confidential and are encouraged to exercise discretion when using the Sony Pictures Entertainment Forums. Additionally, your member name will always be posted in conjunction with your post in the Sony Pictures Entertainment Forums. 

Hyperlinks:

The Sony Pictures Entertainment Sites may contain links to or advertisements concerning other Web sites. Other sites may also reference, advertise, or link to Sony Pictures Entertainment Sites. Sony Pictures Entertainment is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites and expressly disclaims all liability associated with your use of and the content on such other sites. 

Consent to Processing:

By providing any personal information to the Sony Pictures Entertainment Sites, all users, including without limitation users in the member states of the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of such information in the United States of America. 

How to review, update or delete your or your child's personal account information:

As part of your use of the Services, you are responsible for maintaining and updating, as applicable, your Registration Information with current and complete information. You may edit and delete portions of your Sony Pictures Entertainment Account information or delete the Sony Pictures Entertainment Account entirely. To do this, visit the first page after signing in to your account, known as the lobby, and click on "Account Info" to make such changes or deletions. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age, you need to ask your child for his/her password in order to access his/her account information and edit or delete the account. Sony Pictures Entertainment is dedicated to protecting your personal information and welcomes comments and questions on this policy. You may e-mail your questions or comments to: [SonyPrivacy@sonypictures.com](mailto:SonyPrivacy@sonypictures.com)

Sony Pictures Entertainment reserves the right to change this policy at any time. In case of any material change, we will replace the "Privacy Policy" link on the home page of our sites with a link entitled "Updated Privacy Policy." All changes to the Privacy Policy will be effective when posted, and your continued use of any Sony Pictures Entertainment site or service after the posting will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, the new Privacy Policy. 

Effective Date: 05/03/00  
Last Updated: 12/01/04 
