> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iihf.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180629055458id_/http%3A//www.iihf.com/iihf-home/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

IIHF PRIVACY POLICY

The International Ice Hockey Federation (hereinafter referred to as “IIHF”) takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following Privacy Policy carefully to learn more about the IIHF’s use of your personal identifying information that the IIHF collects when you visit the IIHF Official Website at [www.iihf.com](http://www.iihf.com/) and/or any linked Website controlled by the IIHF Terms and Conditions (hereinafter referred to as “Website”). The IIHF is committed to undertaking reasonable measure to protect the privacy and security of all the personal information that is provided to it. Please read the following description of our policies and practices regarding your personal information. The IIHF reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time without notice to you. You are, therefore, responsible for regularly reviewing this Privacy Policy. 

This Privacy Policy covers the treatment of personally identifiable information that is collected when you are on this Website, and when you use the Services of the Website, as described in this Website’s Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. 

This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies or entities that the IIHF does not own or control, or to people that the IIHF does not employ or manage, including without limitation third-party advertisers or sponsors to whom you provide information. The IIHF is not responsible for privacy policies or practices of other websites to which you choose to link from the Website, and the IIHF encourages you to review the privacy policies of those other websites so you can understand how they collect, sue and share information. 

The IIHF does not collect personal identifying information when you access this Website’s homepage and browse this Website except as described in this Privacy Policy or the relevant part of this Website. When accessing this Website, the IIHF does automatically receive and record certain information on its server logs from your browser including, but not limited to, your Internet Protocol address (IP address) and the page you requested. Further, with respect to personal information, the IIHF and its agents and representatives collect personal information in a number of circumstances specifically including, but not limited to, when you register on this Website, when you use certain products or Services on this Website, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes that are sponsored and/or offered by the IIHF or its Partners (hereinafter as defined in the IIHF Legal Terms) from time to time. 

When you register for and/or use certain products/Services on this Website, the IIHF may ask for and/or collect your name, home address, email address, etc. for purposes such as events and contests, registration for the IIHF Ice Times or similar, social media pages, and participation in other promotions and interactive online activities. Once you register with the IIHF and/or sign in to our products/Services you are not anonymous to the IIHF and are consenting to the IIHF’s collection of your personal information for IIHF’s use as defined herein. 

Additionally, IIHF Partner websites may also collect personal information from you. The IIHF Partners websites contain privacy policies (sometimes referred to as privacy statements) that you should review to understand how the applicable IIHF Partners may use your personal information. The IIHF Partners, and not the IIHF, are responsible for the treatment of your personal information when the IIHF Partners utilize such. If you choose to register for an IIHF Partner’s websites at the same your register with the IIHF Website, the terms of the Privacy Policy of the IIHF Partner is incorporated herein by reference. 

Further, you have the opportunity to purchase IIHF Championship merchandise via a link to the IIHF Official World Championship Merchandizing Partner’s websites and the opportunity to purchase IIHF Championship tickets via a link to IIHF Championships Authorized Ticket Brokers. The IIHF Official World Championship Merchandizing Partner and IIHF Championships Authorized Ticket Brokers will collect personal information when you visit their websites in connection with processing your transaction. The IIHF Official World Championship Merchandizing Partner and IIHF Championships Authorized Ticket Brokers’ websites contain a privacy policy that you should review to understand how they may use your personal information. If you chose to provide the IIHF Official World Championship Merchandizing Partner and IIHF Championships Authorized Ticket Brokers with personal information in connection with the purchase of IIHF Championship merchandize or IIHF Championship Tickets, the IIHF Official World Championship Merchandizing Partner and the IIHF Championships Authorized Ticket Brokers, and not the IIHF, are responsible for the treatment of your personal information. 

All of your information is processed in Switzerland, and may be stored and used elsewhere depending on the location of the IIHF Partners, affiliates and other entities who are permitted to access such information under the terms of this Privacy Policy (and such locations may include countries which may not afford the same level of protection of such data as the country from which you provided the information). 

The IIHF uses information collected to customize the content you see on this Website, for research and development, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to contact you. The IIHF may use your personal information such as your name, home address and email address to send you marketing communications, such as information about IIHF championships. While most the IIHF fans appreciate receiving marketing communications, we respect the right of each fan to control how his or her personal information is being used. If you do not wish to receive marketing communications from the IIHF, you can opt out when the personal information is collected. In addition, if you are receiving marketing communications from the IIHF and wish to unsubscribe, you can do so by following the opt-out instructions contained in the marketing communications. 

Further, the IIHF may use your personal information such as your name, home address and email address to send you offers from our Partners, and the IIHF may share such personal information with certain of these Partners so that they may send you offers directly, if you have not opted not to receive such information from our Partners. 

The IIHF may send personally identifiable information about you to other companies or people when the IIHF: (a) has your consent to share the information; (b) needs to share your information to provide the product or service you have requested; (c) provides the information to companies who work on behalf of the IIHF under confidentiality agreements; (d) responds to subpoenas, court orders or legal processes; or (e) believes it is necessary, as determined in its sole discretion, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, emergency situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the IIHF’s Legal Terms, or as otherwise required by law. 

The IIHF may, from time to time, place a “cookie” on your computer. The IIHF third party service providers and Partners may use cookies as well. A cookie is a file written to your computer’s hard drive that records certain technical information about your internet usage, such as your IP address, computer and connection information such as a browser type and version, operating system and platform, and domain name. In addition, if you visit the IIHF Official World Championship Merchandizing Partner’s Website or the IIHF Championships Authorized Ticket Brokers, the IIHF and/or the IIHF Official World Championship Merchandizing Partner or IIHF Championship Authorized Ticket Brokers may also use cookies to collect information such as purchase history, clickstream to, through and from the IIHF Official World Championship Merchandizing Partner/ IIHF Official Championships Authorized Ticket Brokers’ Websites including products viewed or searched for. If you submit personal information to this Website, the IIHF may use cookies to keep track of such information so that you will not need to reenter this information during subsequent visits, to estimate and report the IIHF’s total audience size and keep track of your preferences you specify while using the Services. Further, the IIHF may use non-personal identifiable information about your visit to this Website and other websites to customize delivery of content to this Website and other websites. You may set your Internet browser preferences to notify you when you receive a cookie or decline acceptance of cookies. If you decline acceptance of cookies, however, you may experience less than optimal performance on this Website. 

The IIHF does not knowingly collect personal data from Children. The IIHF does not take specific steps to protect the privacy of children who disclose their personal information to the IIHF. 

The IIHF has adopted reasonable security measures, appropriate to the sensitivity of the personal information, against unauthorized access, disclosure, loss or destruction of personal information. These measures may include technological, physical and organization methods of security. However, the Internet is an open system and the IIHF cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or sue your personal information for improper purposes. 

If you communicate with the IIHF by email, you should note that the secrecy of Internet email is uncertain. By sending sensitive or confidential email messages or information which is not encrypted you accept the risk of such uncertainty and possible lack of confidentiality over the Internet. 

The IIHF is subject to Swiss data protection laws when collecting and processing personal identifying information. 

The IIHF maintains a file of the personal information that you provide. Only authorized IIHF employees and IIHF agents who need access to your personal information in the course of their duties will have access to the information. Upon written request, you have the right to access your file and to change or request correction of any erroneous or out-of-date personal information about you that is in the IIHF’s possession or control. In some limited circumstances, the IIHF may not be able to grant you access to your information, for example, if doing so would threaten the security of another individual. If you wish to access your personal information in the possession/control of the IIHF or make corrections to it, or if you have comments, complaints or questions about this Website, please email [webmaster@iihf.com](mailto:webmaster@iihf.com). 

The IIHF reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. If this Privacy Policy is modified, the IIHF will post the modified Privacy Policy and the date of the modification on this Website. Please review this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure your familiarity with its terms. Your continued use of this Website constitutes your acceptance of the terms in this Privacy Policy, as amended from time to time. This Privacy Policy relates to all online and offline activities of the IIHF. 
