> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eventil.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-09-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170929023547id_/https%3A//eventil.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Events for tech people · Eventil

This Privacy Policy covers the information practices of Te2 limited liability company (“Te2”) and is effective 01.02.2016.

All personal data that we collect providing you with our services remain under our special care. Below you will find the explanation of issues related to ensuring security for your personal data in the form of answers to the following questions:

  1. Who collects and processes data collected?
  2. What kind of information is collected?
  3. For what purpose do we collect your personal data?
  4. How do we store and use the information collected?
  5. For what purpose do we not use personal data?
  6. Whom your personal data may be shared with?
  7. How can you update your personal information?
  8. How do we communicate with the user?
  9. How the Privacy Policy is changed?



## 1\. Who collects and processes data collected?

The Administrator of your personal data within the meaning of the Act of 29 August 1997 on the Protection of Personal Data (Dz.U. 2002 r. Nr 101, poz. 926) is Te2 limited liability company with the seat in Poznań (Poland). The collection of personal data has been declared to the General Inspector for the Protection of Personal Data (GIODO).

## 2\. What kind of information is collected?

Information provided by you during registration:

Contact information: your name, company name, address, phone number and e-mail address.

Financial information: credit card’s number and billing information (tax id, number of the payer VAT) – declaration of these data, we treat as a consent to issue an invoice and charge the credit card.

The information obtained by Te2 automatically in the course of the use by you of Te2's services: IP addresses of computer you use to access our services, browser’s type and browser’s language.

Contact information, financial information and information obtained by Te2 automatically are referred to as personal data.

Te2 has also access to other of the data stored and processed by users, such as: source code for the application, database that the applications use, files generated by applications, the history of operations performed by users. However, Te2 does not own, transfer, share, control or direct the use any of those information on any condition. Only the users are entitled to retrieve and direct the use of such information.

## 3\. For what purpose do we collect your personal data?

All of the collected personal data are processed solely to perform the services requested or marketing purposes of Te2. As for credit card’s information, they are used solely to check the financial qualifications of prospective users and to collect payment for the services.

For the above mentioned purposes, the data may be used, in particular, to:

  * help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer the site;
  * keep track of your activities on the site in order to determine your preferences, so that the service can be adapted to your requirements and needs;
  * operate and improve the site;
  * contact you about your interest in the Services;
  * send you information regarding Te2 and its’ partners, such as information about promotions or events;
  * protect our rights and property and the rights of users of the site;
ensure efficient technical Service; 
  * If you do not wish to receive marketing mailings, please send an e-mail to hello@eventil.com.



In case of control proceedings of the General Inspector for the Protection of Personal Data, data of users can be made available to employees of the Inspector, in accordance with the Act on the Protection of Personal Data. Any research on the service shall take place only with the consent of the Te2 and published research results will not contain the data allowing to identification of individual users.

## 4\. How do we store and use the information collected?

All your personal data, these contained in the registration form, as well as other obtained during the use of our services are stored and processed in a manner consistent with the requirements of the law, in particular the Act on Personal Data Protection of 29 August 1997.

A collection of personal data is stored on the Server in the same matter as the rest of your data. However we do provide adequate protection for all data on the Server in following way:

In order to protect your data from unauthorized access, unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction the appropriate security measures are used. They include: internal audit of the data collected, procedures of storing and processing and the safety measures in the form of physical security measures to protect against unauthorized access to systems that store your personal data.

The range of entities that have access to your personal data is limited. Those are only our subcontractors, technicians, service providers, persons cooperating and other agents for which it is necessary in order to support the development or improvement of the services and in connection with the provision of services to you. These individuals are bound by obligations of confidentiality and in the event of non-compliance with these obligations shall be subject to disciplinary measures, including termination of the agreement and criminal penalties.

## 5\. For what purpose do we not use personal data?

Your personal data will not be sold by us or in any other commercial manner, be made available to third parties.

## 6\. Whom your personal data may be shared with?

The collected personal data may be shared with other companies or individuals only in the circumstances permitted by law and only in the following circumstances:

  * information transferred to subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons to process personal data on behalf of Te2. From these entities we required processing information according to our instructions, in compliance with this Privacy Policy and using any other appropriate measures to protect the confidentiality and security of data.
  * financial data shall be made available to a payment service solely in order to implement the Internet payment in connection with your use of the Services.
  * the information shall be transmitted at the request of the Court, the public prosecutor's Office, police or other authority, in case of infringement of the legislation by the users.
  * we use third party analytics services to help understand your use of our services.



Te2 reserves the right to disclose the general censuses. Such statements relate mainly to general view of the Service and do not include data permitting the identification of the individual user.

## 7\. How can you update your personal information?

As a user of the site, you have the right to access your personal data and correct erroneous or outdated information. Users may update or change their registration information by logging in to their accounts at eventil.com. Requests to delete your information will be handled within 30 days.

Data collected automatically, as well as the data obtained by the administrator of the site on the occasion of your payment transactions will not be able to change or remove. Billing data will be stored for as long as is necessary for the conduct of the Accounts. Other data will be deleted within 30 days.

## 8\. How do we communicate with the user?

Users cannot opt out of receiving transactional e-mails related to their account with Te2. You may, however, send a request specifying your communications preferences to hello@eventil.com. Communication with you in other matters relating to your use of the service may be held by an e-mail, ordinary mail, by telephone or otherwise.

## 9\. How is Privacy Policy changed?

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy in order to reflect changes in our services and respond to feedback you and other customers may provide. However, we will never purposely change the policy in a way that will make it less protective for your data. Any changes to the Privacy Policy will be published on the page <%= link_to privacy_url %>.

About important material changes you will be informed in a more visible manner (sending e-mail notification of changes to the Privacy Policy). Each version of this Privacy Policy will be indicated, at the top of the page, by the date of commencement of validity.

Te2 may provide bulletin boards, blogs or chat rooms on the Website. Any personal information you choose to submit in such a forum may be read, collected, or used by others who visit these forums, and may be used to send you unsolicited messages. Te2 is not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums.

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or how your data is handled you may contact us at hello@eventil.com.

This Privacy Statement was last updated on 01.02.2016.
