> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eventsetter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071215210545id_/http%3A//www.eventsetter.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# EventSetter.com Privacy Statement

### PRIVACY POLICY

EventSetter.com (“EventSetter”) operates the website EventSetter.com. It is EventSetter’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website(s).

Website Visitors

EventSetter also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, profile information, aggregate user data. EventSetter does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.

Aggregated Statistics

EventSetter may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website(s). For instance, EventSetter may monitor any and all Event Listings pages, PR Pages, Directory and all other content on the EventSetter.com site to screen for and identify spam. EventSetter may delete any of this information without notice and without any recourse.

Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information

Certain visitors to EventSetter’s website(s) choose to interact with EventSetter in ways that require EventSetter to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that EventSetter gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a PR Page at EventSetter.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with EventSetter – by purchasing advertising on EventSetter.com, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, EventSetter collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with EventSetter. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities. EventSetter collects user submitted information such as name(s) and email address to authenticate users and/or to send notifications to those users relating to EventSetter service(s). EventSetter also collects other profile data in order to assist users in finding and communicating with each other. 

Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information

EventSetter discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on EventSetter’s behalf or to provide services available at EventSetter’s website(s), and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using EventSetter’s website(s), you consent to the transfer of such information to them. EventSetter will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, EventSetter discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when EventSetter believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of EventSetter, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an EventSetter website(s) and have supplied your email address, EventSetter may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with EventSetter and our products. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. EventSetter takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post public information to EventSetter.com, the Event Listings pages, PR Page(s), the Directory, or any other published pages on the website that that information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by those people to send you unsolicited communications. EventSetter.com Event Listings pages, PR Page(s) and Directory information including pictures, first names, last names, business names, aliases, and contact information may be displayed to website visitors in order to facilitate user interaction on EventSetter.com. EventSetter and registered users of EventSetter may modify and/or remove any personally identifying information from the Event Listings pages, their PR Page(s), and Directory at any time. EventSetter reserves the right to transfer personal information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of EventSetter or substantially all of its assets to that successor in interest. 

Cookies

EventSetter.com uses cookies to store visitors' preferences and to record session information, for purposes including advertising, and Web page content based on browser type and user profile information. EventSetter.com visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using EventSetter’s website(s), with the drawback that certain features of EventSetter’s website(s) may not function properly without the aid of cookies. A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. EventSetter uses cookies to help EventSetter identify and track visitors, their usage of the EventSetter.com website, and their website access preferences. Advertisers' use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not the EventSetter Privacy Policy.

Links

EventSetter.com contains links to other websites. EventSetter.com is not responsible for the privacy policies, terms of use, and/or practices on other websites. When linking to another site a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on EventSetter.com servers.

Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, EventSetter may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in EventSetter’s sole discretion. EventSetter encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have an EventSetter.com PR Page account, you should also check the Official EventSetter.com PR Page for alerts to these changes. All Users are bound by any minor changes to the policy when she or he uses the site after those changes have been posted. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. 
