> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the everjobs.com.bd privacy policy that was archived on 2016-07-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160710150957id_/https%3A//www.everjobs.com.bd/en/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Everjobs.com.bd

\- Last updated: 5 March 2015 -

These terms (“Privacy Policy”) are applicable between Everjobs Bangladesh, email: [info@everjobs.com.bd](mailto:info@everjobs.com), and visitors, including job seekers and employers, (“Users”) of www.everjobs.com.bd(the “Website”, consisting of different sites, each a “Site”).

  Please read the Privacy Policy carefully before using any services offered on the Website.

  This Privacy Policy sets out Everjobs Bangladesh’s rules with regard to the use of personal information about Users.

  Everjobs Bangladesh recommends printing this Privacy Policy for future use. Users can download or print the Privacy Policy via their browser. An up-to-date version of the Privacy Policy is available on the Website. If a User does not agree to this Privacy Policy, using services offered on this Website is not permitted.

  Everjobs Bangladesh may revise this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an updated version on this Site. The latest updated version will be applicable to the use of services offered on the Website. User should visit the Website periodically to review the current Privacy Policy.

## 1\. Collecting Personal Information

Personal information describes data from which User’s identity is apparent or can be deducted (“Personal Information”). Personal Information collected by Everjobs Bangladesh include Users data used for registration such as:

  * personal details (e.g. name; postal address; residence; date of birth, nationality, gender, email address; phone number; education; language skills and other skills; application photo; Facebook profile details);
  * biographical data (e.g. accomplishments, personal interests and activities);
  * career related information (e.g. employment status and type of employment; areas of interest; career objectives; job location; desired salary; work experience.



## 2\. Use and Disclosure of Personal Information

Everjobs Bangladesh will only use Personal Information for the purpose such data was collected for and not disclose any Personal Information to third parties without User’s consent (except if disclosure is required by applicable laws).

  Everjobs Bangladesh will use Personal Information to: communicate with User; deliver services offered to User by Everjobs Bangladesh on the Website; confirm User’s identity and (where applicable) details regarding payment methods; provide and improve services and administer the Website; fulfill legal, regulatory and compliance requirements; contact User directly for marketing purposes. During registration on Everjobs Bangladesh User can give consent to receiving communication with marketing purposes.

  The consent text reads as follows: “Get exclusive news, updates and job offers by Everjobs Bangladesh and its partners.”

  User can withdraw this consent at any time by writing an email to info@everjobs.com.bd or by using the unsubscription link at the bottom of Everjobs Bangladesh’s email communications.

## 3\. Opt Out

User can easily unsubscribe from any Everjobs Bangladesh managed mailing list or other lists for marketing purposes. Each email sent from Everjobs Bangladesh includes a link on the bottom of the email enabling Users to withdraw their consent to receive marketing correspondence. Additionally, User can simply opt out by sending an email to info@everjobs.com.bd.

## 4\. Security

The Website is secured by industry standard technology. However, Everjobs Bangladesh cannot guarantee security of Personal Information in all cases (e.g. hacker attacks) and will not be liable for any breach of security or unintended loss or disclosure of information.

  Everjobs Bangladesh will use all reasonable efforts to secure Personal Information and to keep Personal Information confidential.

## 5\. Cookies

For full access to the Website, User will be required to enable cookies in User’s browser. Cookies are pieces of data placed on the computer of a website’s visitor designed to track how users act on the website (“Cookies”).

  Everjobs Bangladesh will for statistical and/or security reasons and/or for improvement of User satisfaction, use Cookies to log: internet protocol addresses; date and time of accesses on Sites; specific Sites accessed and documents downloaded; browser types.

## 6\. Analysing Tools

### a) Google Analytics

The Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses Cookies. The information generated by the Cookie about User’s use of the Website (including User’s internet protocol address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google uses this information for the purposes of evaluating User’s use of the Website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties when required to do so by law or when such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate User’s internet protocol address with any other data held by Google. User may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on User’s browser; however, please note that, if User does this, User may not be able to use the full functionality of the Website. By using this Website, User consents to the processing of data about User by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

  Users can find out more about Google’s privacy policy for Google Analytics and how to opt out of Google Analytics on https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

### b) New Relic

The Website uses a service similar to Google Analytics by New Relic, Inc. (“New Relic”) to monitor Everjobs Bangladesh’s servers. New Relic’s privacy policy can be found at http://newrelic.com/privacy.

## 7\. Links

The Website contains links to other third party managed websites. Users should be aware that Everjobs Bangladesh is not responsible for privacy practices on such third party managed websites. This Privacy Policy is not applicable on third party managed websites.
