> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the everythingbutwater.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209130203id_/http%3A//www.everythingbutwater.com/policy/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement | Everything But Water

##  Collection and Use of Information

It is Orlando Bathing Suit, LLC's (" **OBS'** ") policy to respect the privacy of (a) visitors to Everything But Water's website(s) at [www.everythingbutwater.com](http://www.everythingbutwater.com/), including the mobile versions of such website(s), (b) visitors to our Amazon store, (c) visitors to our social media channels (e.g., our Facebook page), (a, b and c collectively (" **Websites** "), and (d) visitors of our retail stores (" **Stores** "). We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the personal information we collect from users of our Websites and Stores.

OBS will collect personal information such as names, home addresses, phone number, e-mail addresses, birth month and date, credit card and other billing information, and shipping information, etc., but only when a visitor of our Websites or Stores voluntarily gives it to us in the process of subscribing to OBS promotional emails, postal mail, and phone calls (e.g., to call you when new items from your favorite designer have hit the store) (see the Communications section below for more details), placing orders on our Websites or in Stores, or registering for an account with OBS. If you contact us via e-mail (including customer service), we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply. OBS may request feedback from visitors of our Websites or Stores. Feedback is used for internal purposes only, and any personally identifiable information that may be submitted is deleted. When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional profile information. When you participate in contests, sweepstakes, or other similar activities (" **Sweepstakes** ") that we make available on our Websites or in our Stores, which may be facilitated via a third party partner and/or conducted in partnership with a third party partner (" **Sweepstakes Partner** "), we will collect the information designated along with such Sweepstakes. We may also receive information about you through third party companies that we partner with. You might also provide OBS with the personal information of other persons, such as family or friends to whom you ship purchases. Such information may include their name, shipping address, and email address.

We may also collect information from you via technology as described in the Cookies section below.

This information is used by OBS for the following purposes: to identify you as a user, create and manage your account, place and manage your order, fulfill or respond to your other requests, administer Sweepstakes, improve our products and services, send you service related communications via emails, postal mail, or phone calls, send you promotional communications via emails, postal mail, or phone calls (see the Communications section below for more details), and for our marketing and research purposes.

##  Disclosure of Information

**California Users: Your California Privacy Rights.** California's "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the businesses' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. Alternatively, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information sharing. We have such a policy in place. This section and the section titled "Correspondence" explains our practices and how you can opt-out of having your information shared to third parties for the third parties' direct or indirect marketing purposes, in accordance with such laws. In addition to reviewing this section and the section titled "Correspondence", if you wish to find out about any rights you may have under California Civil Code section 1798.83, you may notify us in writing at [privacy@everythingbutwater.com](mailto:privacy@everythingbutwater.com).

OBS will not sell, rent or otherwise transmit a visitor's personal information to any third party except as described in this Privacy Policy. OBS may disclose your personal information: (a) if OBS asks for and receives your permission to do so at the time the personal information is collected; (b) to our third party services providers (e.g., payment processors), who are required not to use your personal information other than to provide the services requested by OBS; (c) if you participate in a Sweepstakes, to the Sweepstakes Partner to process the Sweepstakes; (d) where OBS has reason to believe that disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference (whether intentionally or unintentionally) with OBS's rights or property or anyone else who may be harmed by such actions; (e) if required by law or respond to subpoenas or warrants; and/or (f) to investigate any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or the Terms and Conditions. If another company acquires our company, business, or our assets, including through bankruptcy, that company will possess the personal information collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. We may also share your information to third parties (including Sweepstakes Partners) for the third parties' direct or indirect marketing purposes as described in the section titled "Correspondence" below.

We may create anonymous information from personal information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. OBS may share anonymous information about the visitors of our Website and/or Stores with our advertisers, business partners, sponsors and certain others. Anonymous information is also used to develop, improve and customize our Websites and Stores to better serve visitors to our Websites and Stores. OBS reserves the right to use anonymous information for any purpose and disclose anonymous information to third parties in its sole discretion.

##  For Children Under 13

We do not intentionally gather personal information about visitors who are under the age of 13.

##  For Outside of the United States

Your personal information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of personal information may be less stringent than the laws in your country.

##  Correspondence

**OBS Correspondence.** OBS uses automated systems to provide weekly promotional emails, postal mail, and phone calls and to collect and answer correspondence from visitors of our Websites and Stores. If you decide to opt in to our promotional email, postal mail or phone lists, you will receive promotional e-mails, postal mail, and phone calls, such as company news, updates, product or service information, promotions and special offers, style emails, etc. However, you may opt out (unsubscribe) of promotional emails at any time by clicking the unsubscribe button at the bottom of all e-mails that you will receive from us; you may opt out (unsubscribe) of promotional postal mail at any time by emailing us at [web@everythingbutwater.com](mailto:web@everythingbutwater.com); and you may opt out (unsubscribe) of promotional phone calls at any time by emailing us at [web@everythingbutwater.com](mailto:web@everythingbutwater.com).

**Third Party Correspondence.** If you decide to opt in to receive third party marketing, from time to time we may disclose your contact information to third parties to allow them to market their products or services to you or for other marketing purposes. By entering into a Sweepstakes, you are opting in to receive marketing from the third party Sweepstakes partner, unless the Sweepstakes includes an active opt-in or opt-out option, in which case your election applies. If you want us to stop further sharing your contact information with third parties (including new third parties), you must notify us at [donotshare@everythingbutwater.com](mailto:donotshare@everythingbutwater.com). Please follow the instructions provided to you by third parties that we've already shared with to unsubscribe from their messages.

**Exceptions.** If you have opted-out as described above, and thereafter you elect to use a service or promotion that requires us to contact you or share your information with a third party (e.g., enter into a Sweepstakes as described above or otherwise opting in to receive third party marketing), then your previous opt-out preferences will not apply to such service. Despite your indicated preferences, we may provide you service related communication, including emails, postal mails, and phone calls regarding your purchases and notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.

##  Cookies

OBS uses "cookie" technology to enhance a visitor's online experience by making it easier to navigate through our Websites or to make an activity work better.

Cookies are small pieces of information or files that a website puts on a computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow a computer to "remember" information from our Websites for future use. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them). Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. If you choose to disable cookies, some areas or features of our Websites may not work properly. OBS uses information collected by cookies to learn about our visitors' preferences, so that we can make our Websites better.

We may use clear gifs (otherwise known as web bugs or web beacons) to gather information about your visit to our Websites, such as what you click on and pages and information you viewed. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are placed on a user's hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages.

In addition to cookies, we may collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.

Our third party analytics providers and advertisers may also use their own cookies, flash cookies or local shared objects (LSOs) or other technologies on our Websites. We do not control use of these cookies, LSOs or other technologies used by these third parties and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them. Please see below for more information about these third parties.

Our Websites use cookies served by a third party service provider (currently Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google")), to help us analyze how users use our Websites through the collection of anonymous user information. Please see the following link for more information on Google's web analytics services <http://www.google.com/analytics/tos.html>.

We've implemented and use Display Advertising. The Google Analytics features we've implemented based on Displayed Advertising is Remarketing. You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads using the [Ads Preferences Manager](https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/?hl=en&sig=ACi0TCg4VHd0m21adYaAg9yNDxJFQTiTSdorWliAwloVbVUTgmchctwp2GJgAjNVdX5eTnvU_liK7Nw1FGvAO2MinLUps2ts4sc__SSyVF7FCU6gglVus727677iacDuZaJDGl9s2vkWKy9gmbFnJTyVHgeNeMVjqG3WCh_5C10Gqr73KbdwD0__6mf5ax3UV_6tHffg9Hz). Please also see [Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/).

We use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet. We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to our Websites.

##  Advertisements and Links

Our Websites may include advertisements and/or links to websites operated by third parties that are not sponsors and are not affiliated with OBS. OBS cannot guarantee the appropriateness of any external content to which we link, nor to the appropriateness of sites that in turn link to such external content. Therefore, OBS holds no responsibility for the content, practices, or information provided or requested on websites operated by third parties. Further, advertisements on and links to or from our Websites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by OBS of the content, policies, practices or products or services offered on these websites or those linked to them.

You should check each linked website's privacy policy and terms of use in order to understand their policies and practices regarding the collection and use of personally identifiable information. Information provided to linked websites will be subject to the privacy policies of those other sites, over which OBS has no control.

##  Security

Maintaining the security of all personally identifiable information associated with our visitors is important to us. OBS implements a variety of industry standard technologies to help make our Websites more secure against unauthorized access and to help protect the information visitors choose to provide to us. OBS periodically reviews and updates these measures. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be one hundred percent (100%) secure. As a result, while OBS strives to protect a visitor's personal information, OBS cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us or from our online products or services, and a visitor does so at his/her own risk. OBS uses the industry standard, SSL (secure socket layer) encryption when credit card information is transmitted to us.

##  Privacy Policy and Use of Site

By using our Websites or providing us information at our Stores, you certify your understanding and acceptance of our Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision. Any subsequent changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on our Websites and designated as such. If we make any material changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Websites. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of a notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Websites. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Websites and Stores. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of personal information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your personal information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us and you must cease providing us information at our Stores. Continued use of our Websites or provision of information to us at our Stores, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.

##  Review and Deletion of Personal Information

We provide a way on our Websites on how you can either edit information that you previously provided through the Websites (such as your address) or remove yourself from promotional communications from OBS. Should you have a technical problem doing this please contact [web@everythingbutwater.com](mailto:web@everythingbutwater.com).

You may review and delete your personally identifiable information contained in OBS's records at any time. If you would like to review or delete this information, please contact us at:

Everything But Water  
5337 Millenia Lakes Boulevard, Suite 400  
Orlando, FL 32839  
P: 888.796.6661 F: 407.351.0106  
Hours: Mon-Fri 9am-5pm EST

Please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.

##  Questions, Suggestions & Comments

Please contact us at [privacy@everythingbutwater.com](mailto:privacy@everythingbutwater.com) or write to us at: Business & Legal Affairs, Everything But Water, 5337 Millenia Lakes Boulevard, Suite 400, Orlando, FL 32839 with any questions regarding Everything But Water's Privacy Policy.
