> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the evesaddiction.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180224024654id_/https%3A//www.evesaddiction.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Eve's Addiction

What personal information do we collect? When you place an order with us, we ask for the standard personal information in our order form (such as name, address, email, contact phone number, and so forth) in order for us to properly ship your order to you. This information is kept secure in protected systems. If necessary, we may use this information to contact you (via email for example) regarding a pending order, or to answer a question prompted from a customer. 

From time to time, you may receive promotional information and special offers through e-mail or regular mail from Eve's Addiction and/or our marketing partners. However, if you do not want to receive e-mail communications or other promotional communications, you are free to opt out of our mailing list at any time. We do not sell, lease, or rent your email address without your permission. From time to time, we make certain third party offers available through our site. If you accept such offer, we will disclose your contact and billing information to that third party, even if you have previously opted out of our mailing list. 

What other kind of information do we collect? We use a commonly known file called a "cookie" on our site. These are the same cookies used on millions of other websites in order to help you navigate our site. In the case of our site, we use cookies to let your computer remember the contents (products) in your shopping cart and related information. In some cases, we may use a cookie to let us know if you are coming from a site affiliated with us so that we may attend to that site's due commissions. In the case of affiliated sites, only the subtotal sale amount will be divulged to the affiliates for payment purposes. Personally identifiable information will in NO WAY be provided outside of EvesAddiction.com in these cases. 

Like most other websites, we monitor the aggregate (how many people) traffic statistics on our website. This is done in order to provide our customers with better and more efficient service. These general statistics do NOT personally identify our customers and site visitors. 

We use affiliate software to track where potential customers are coming from so that the affiliate site may be paid as a result. This software logs computer ID as a security precaution. 

At times, EvesAddiction.com uses web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about customers and visitors’ usage of our site and interaction with emails from us. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular web site tied to the beacon, and a description of our site tied to the web beacon. For example, we may place web beacons in marketing emails that notify the us when you click on a link in the email that directs you to our site. EvesAddiction.com uses web beacons to operate and improve our site and email communications. We may use information from web beacons in combination with data about our customers to provide you with information about us. 

Eve's Addiction shares data with Google Analytics in order to understand how our customers are using the website and optimize the site to create a better experience. Google Analytics runs in the background of EvesAddiction.com analyzing user information and returning reports to us based on this information via an encrypted connection. Google Analytics maintains data confidentially and only shares reports with Eve's Addiction. Password and credit card information is not collected with Google Analytics. If you would like to opt-out of Google Analytics collected data while you are on EvesAddiction.com please [click here.](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)

We may provide you the opportunity to opt-in to additional newsletters or promotional communications sent by email. If you have opted in or otherwise qualify to receive these forms of communication, and no longer wish to receive our newsletter or other promotional communications by email, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each communication. 

How do we protect your information? We encrypt order information for your protection. EvesAddiction.com online store uses industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption on areas of our website where personal information is needed. EvesAddiction.com does not accept email registration, nor contest participation from children under the age of 13 due to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). If you are under the age of 13, you must get parental permission to divulge your email address and order-related information before using this site. Our contests are open to users ages 13 and up, however if a sweepstake or contest winner is under 18 years old, we will require a consent from signed by the winner’s parent or guardian in order to award the prize. Our contests and sweepstakes are subject to all federal, state, and local laws and void where prohibited. 

**EvesAddiction.com uses an Extended Validation SSL Certificate  
**For your security and confidence, EvesAddiction.com uses Extended Validation Secure Sockets Layer Certificate for confidence and security when using your credit card online.

If you would like further details about EvesAddiction.com, or would like to contact us please visit our front page or email us at [customerservice@EvesAddiction.com](mailto:customerservice@evesaddiction.com). 

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, or otherwise alter these terms and conditions at anytime. Please review the terms and conditions periodically. Your continued use of the site following the posting of changes and/or modifications will constitute your acceptance of the revised terms and conditions. 
