> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kampyle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100612003237id_/http%3A//www.kampyle.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Kampyle

Kampyle is a leading vendor of Online Feedback Analytics, delivering website owners a powerful Software as a Service (SaaS) platform to collect, analyze, measure and manage website users' feedback on services, products and customer experience. 

### Introduction

Kampyle respects each individual's right to privacy. We value our relationship with you, and we take pride in maintaining loyalty and respect with each individual client by providing you with security. The provisions within this notice apply to customers both past and present. 

### Personal Information

We will never sell or rent your name or your users name, e-mail address, physical address and any other identifying information that we receive from you or your users, whether directly or indirectly, except as otherwise provided herein. When you register with Kampyle, or when we obtain information about your users and/or their submissions to you, we will collect personal information about you or your users including their submissions for business purposes only, such as processing the feedback information, and providing customer service. Notwithstanding that all any information that may be provided through our applicable applications by your users and/or received from other commercial systems, which you subscribe to, are your sole property, the personal information we collect is only accessible to Kampyle and its affiliates and is not disclosed to any non-affiliated third parties and is used by us for aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to third parties (the **'Kampyle Data'** ). Subject to the above, we reserve the right to make use of any of the Kampyle Data, as we deem fit. From time to time, Kampyle may place information on your website computer to allow it to identify you. This information is commonly referred to as 'cookies'. By showing how and when you use the Site and the Site Applications. This information can and is only used by Kampyle to improve the Site and the Site Applications on a continual basis. Kampyle will only use cookies to view information on your hard drive that was put there by a cookie from this Site. The use of cookies is an industry standard and many websites utilize them. If you do not wish to receive cookies, or want to be notified of when they are placed, you may set your browser to do so, if your browser so permits. 

### Sharing Information with Our Affiliates

We may share the Kampyle data with our affiliates for business purposes, such as servicing customer accounts and as permitted by applicable law. Our affiliates are companies controlled or owned by us. The information we share with affiliates for marketing purposes may include information described above, such as name, address and account information, which will be kept in all times in strict confidence. Kampyle reserves the right to partner with other parties to provide specific services (the "service Providers") to its customers. When you sign up for a particular service provided by a Service Provider, such registration will allow Kampyle to share your name, contact information or Kampyle data that is necessary for the Service Provider to provide such services. These Service Providers shall not be allowed to use the information except for the purpose of providing these services or as otherwise specified in the registration process for such services which you agreed to. We use a credit card processing company to bill customers for use of the Kampyle service. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. 

### Regulatory Disclosure

We may disclose personal information with regulatory authorities or as required by applicable law. For example, we may disclose personal information to cooperate with regulatory authorities and law enforcement agencies to comply with subpoenas or other official requests, and as necessary to protect our rights or property. Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we will not use personal information for any other purpose unless we describe how such information will be used at the time disclosed to us or we obtain your permission. By using or accessing Kampyle, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. 
