> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the familyfinds.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101117023935id_/http%3A//www.familyfinds.com/page/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | FamilyFinds

Your privacy is important to us at the FamilyFinds website (the “Site”), which is operated by Daily D Inc., a Delaware corporation (referred to as "us" or "we"), and we are committed to protecting your privacy online. Please read the following to learn what information we collect from you (the "User" or the "End User") and how we use that information. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please email us at support@FamilyFinds.com.

Please note that by your accessing or using our site, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound to all the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service for the Site. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy or to the Terms of Service, please do not use the Site. 

1\. Changes to Privacy Policy. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised Privacy Policy in the "Privacy Policy" section of the Site. The revised Privacy Policy is effective immediately when posted on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after the effectiveness of such revisions will constitute your acknowledgment and acceptance of the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.

2\. Types of Information Collected and Uses of Collected Information. We collect two types of information about our Site Users: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information.

A. Personally Identifiable Information. Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies you as a specific end user or customer of the Site. When you engage in certain activities on the Site, such as creating an account, ordering a product or service from us or our partners, submitting content and/or posting content in discussion forums, entering a contest or filling out a survey, sending us or our partners feedback, requesting information about our services, submitting an affiliate agreement (collectively, "Personal Activities"), we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. It is optional for you to engage in a Personal Activity. If you elect to engage in a Personal Activity, however, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), email address, telephone number and date of birth. When you order products or services, we may also ask you to provide us with your credit card number, expiration date and authentication codes or related information. Depending on the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some is identified as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory information for a particular activity that requires it, you will not be permitted to engage in that activity. We use Personally Identifiable Information to provide products and services to you, administer sweepstakes and contests, enhance the operation of the Site, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze Site use, improve our product and service offerings, and to tailor your experience with third parties as provided in Section 3 of this Privacy Policy. For example, if you send our customer service an email we may use your comments and feedback to tell others about our services, and may post your comment in our marketing materials or on our Site. In addition, if you use our Site to send information or a product to another person, we may store your personal information, and the personal information of any recipient. We may use that other person's contact information to allow him or her to view and accept your gift or to allow the recipient to access the information you requested we send. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to solve problems, resolve disputes, complete administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our Site Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement personnel. 

B. Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific End User. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") or Internet Address of the Site you visited before coming to our Site, the URL of the Site you visit after leaving our Site, the type of browser you are using and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. We, and/or our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers, may automatically collect this information when you visit our Site through the use of electronic tools like Cookies, as described in Sections 4 and 8 of this Privacy Policy. We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Site, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, and programming. 

3\. Release of Personally Identifiable Information. We do not share your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties except as provided below: 

A. We may share your information with FamilyFinds Merchants and Vendors. From time to time, we provide offers from particular merchants (referred to as"FamilyFinds Merchants and Vendors") who, as part of the offer, request information on FamilyFinds customers who purchased the offer. In those cases, we share some of your Personally Identifiable Information with FamilyFinds Merchants and Vendors. Sharing this Information will allow a FamilyFinds Merchant or Vendor to market directly to you should they choose to do so. However, we will only share Personally Identifiable Information with a FamilyFinds Merchant or Vendor if you engage in a Personal Activity, and then only to the FamilyFinds Merchant or Vendor involved in that Personal Activity. Please note that we will only provide a FamilyFinds Merchant or Vendor your information with an opt-in notice to you, in which you will have a chance to choose that FamilyFinds not give the FamilyFinds Merchant or Vendor your personal information. We specifically disclaim any responsibility or liability for the actions of such FamilyFinds Merchant or Vendor. While we inform them that they are only permitted to communicate with you for the purposes of the specific promotion with FamilyFinds, we do not have any responsibility for the actions of the FamilyFinds Merchant or Vendor, and the actions of the FamilyFinds Merchant or Vendor are not in our control.

B. We may share your information with Authorized Third Party Service Providers. We provide some of our services and products through third parties. These "Third Party Service Providers" perform functions on our behalf, like sending out and distributing our administrative and promotional emails. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such Service Providers to fulfill orders, deliver packages, send postal or email, administer contests or sweepstakes, remove repetitive information on customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, process credit card payments, operate the Site, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies ("Affiliates") with whom we have business relationships and may have to also share their information with Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. For example, when you order a service, we release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for the service and, if applicable, release your address to the delivery service to deliver the service. Likewise, we may release an Affiliate's information to our bank to send out a payment. We encourage FamilyFinds Merchants and Vendors and Third Party Service Providers to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your Personally Identifiable Information by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not under our control. 

C. We may share your information in a Business Transfer. As with any company, we could merge with, or be acquired by, another company. If this occurs, that company would acquire the information we maintain, including Personally Identifiable Information. However, Personally Identifiable Information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy. 

D. We may share your information for our Protection and the Protection of Others. We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or a court order; enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our Site Terms of Use or other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of the Site, its Users or others.

4\. Release of Non-Personally Identifiable Information. We may disclose or share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with Partners, Affiliates and Advertisers. For example, we may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any Personally Identifiable Information) with "Third Party Advertisers" or "Third Party Advertising Companies" and other parties as provided below.

A. We use Third Party Advertising Companies to serve ads when you visit our Site. These companies may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits to this and other Sites in order to provide, through the use of network tags, advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Some of these Third Party Advertising Companies may be advertising networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). If you would like more information about any NAI member company, or you would like to opt-out of targeted advertising from any NAI member company, you can contact us in order to do so. 

B. We also use Third Party Service Providers to track and analyze Non-Personally Identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our Users to administer our Site and constantly improve its quality. We may also publish this information for promotional purposes or as a representative audience for Advertisers. Please note that this is not Personally Identifiable Information, only general summaries of the activities of our Users. Such data is collected on our behalf, and is owned and used by us.

5\. Updating and Correcting Information We believe that you should have the ability to access and edit the Personally Identifiable Information you provide us. You may change any of your Personally Identifiable Information by sending us an email at support@FamilyFinds.com or writing to us at 2118 Wilshire Blvd. #1078, Santa Monica, CA 90403. Please indicate your name, address and email address, and what information you would like to update when you contact us. We encourage you to promptly update your Personally Identifiable Information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on the Site. In addition, in may be impossible for us to completely delete all of your information because we periodically backup information.

6\. User Choices on Collection and Use of Information. As previously stated, you can always choose not to provide information, although it may be required to engage in a certain activity on the Site.

A. When you make purchases of our products and services, we will send you administrative and promotional emails. We will send you information regarding your account activity and purchases as well as updates about our products and promotional offers. You cannot opt-out of Administrative Emails. "Administrative Emails" relate to a User's activity on the Site, and include emails regarding a particular User's account, requests or inquiries, and purchases of products and services. You do have a choice with respect to promotional Emails. "Promotional Emails" advertise our products and services, including exclusive sales and other offers, and/or the products and services of our Advertisers and Affiliates. If you do not want to receive Promotional Emails from us, you may elect to opt-out of receiving Promotional Emails at any time after registering by e-mailing us at support@FamilyFinds.com, by writing to us at 2118 Wilshire Blvd. #1078, Santa Monica, CA 90403, or by clicking the "unsubscribe" button at the bottom of any of our e-mails. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Promotional Emails you do not want to receive. 

7\. Security of Information 

A. We take security seriously and take numerous precautions to protect the security of Personally Identifiable Information. You can access your Personally Identifiable Information on our Site through a password and your email address. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. In addition, your Personally Identifiable Information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to. We encrypt certain sensitive information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information is safe as it is transmitted to us. 

B. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, though we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with companies that do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Site, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information. 

8\. Data Tracking

A. Cookies. To facilitate and customize your experience with the Site, we store cookies on your computer. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a User's computer for record-keeping purposes which contains information about that User. We use cookies to save you time while using the Site, remind us who you are, and track and target User interests in order to provide a targeted experience. Cookies also allow us to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information from you, like which pages you visited and what links you clicked on. Use of this information helps us to create a more user-friendly experience for all visitors. In addition, we may use Third Party Advertising Companies to display advertisements on our Site. As part of their service, they may place separate cookies on your computer. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by our Site only and does not cover the use of cookies by any Advertiser. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline cookies. Please note that if you decline or delete these cookies, some parts of the Site may not work properly.

B. Other Tracking Devices. We may use other industry standard technologies like pixel tags and web beacons to track your use of our Site pages and promotions, or we may allow our Third Party Service Providers to use these devices on our behalf. Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on certain pages on our Site, or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, pixel tags and web beacons generate a Non-Personally Identifiable notice of that action. Pixel tags allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior on our Site, as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance. We may also utilize pixel tags and web beacons provided by our Affiliates and/or Marketing Partners for the same purposes.

9\. Privacy Policies of Third Party Sites

A. This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Other Sites that may be accessible through this Site have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. If you link to any such Site, we urge you review the Site's privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. 

10\. Miscellaneous Privacy Issues

A. Children. Minors under the age of 18 may not use the Site. We do not collect or maintain information from anyone known to be under the age of 18, and no part of the Site is designed to attract anyone under the age of 18. FamilyFinds does not sell products for purchase by children. In certain instances, we sell children's products for purchase by adults. 

B. Public Areas. We may provide areas on our Site where you can publicly post information about yourself, can communicate with others, or can review products, restaurants, and submit media content. This information may be accessible by other consumers and companies and may appear on other Sites or web searches, and therefore this information could be read, collected, and used by others. For example, if you post your email address along with a review of one of our merchants or vendors you may receive unsolicited messages. We have no control over who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so please use caution when posting any personal information.

C. Notice of Privacy Rights to California Residents. California law requires that we provide you with a summary of your privacy rights under the California Online Privacy Protection Act (the "Act") and the California Business and Professions Code. As required by the Act, we have provided you with the categories of Personally Identifiable Information that we collect through the Site and the categories of third party persons or entities with whom such Personally Identifiable Information may be shared for direct marketing purposes at your request. California law requires us to inform you, at your request, (1) the categories of Personally Identifiable Information we collect and what third parties we share that information with; (2) the names and addresses of those third parties; and (3) examples of the products marketed by those companies. The Act further requires us to allow you to control who you do not want us to share that information with. To obtain this information, please send a request by email or standard mail to the address found below. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Personally Identifiable Information you do not want us to share with Affiliated Businesses or Marketing Partners. The request should be sent to the attention of our legal department, and labeled "California Customer Choice Notice." Please allow 30 days for a response. Also, please be aware that there is no charge for controlling the sharing of your Personally Identifiable Information or asking for this notice.
