> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lawinfo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110528101915id_/http%3A//www.lawinfo.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - LawInfo.com

## Privacy Policy

At LawInfo.com and LawSmart.com we respect your privacy. Our policy is to allow users to access the information on our site anonymously. We do not collect, sell or provide any personally identifiable information regarding you or other users, unless you voluntarily provide that information to us for that purpose. We do not place cookies in your browser.

Our sites contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites that are linked to us. Remember that any information you voluntarily post on the discussion boards or elsewhere may be accessible by other users and is public information. Please use caution when disclosing personal information on our sites. And NEVER send personal information to us by email.

If you have any questions regarding this privacy statement or your dealings with our websites, please [email](http://www.lawinfo.com/contact.html).

## Usage Statement

**LawInfo.com and LawSmart.com are not a substitute for legal advice. Our sites are intended for use within the United States and Canada only.**

We do our best to make sure that the information on our sites is accurate and up to date. However, we cannot guarantee that all the information on the site is completely current or suitable for any particular legal situation. The law will vary depending on your jurisdiction and the specifics of your case. Because the law is a personal matter, the general information we provide cannot fit every circumstance. You are directed to consult a licensed lawyer in your area to get specific advice for your problem. Nothing on these websites should be considered legal advice.

No attorney-client or other professional relationship of any nature is created by participation in any area or offering at this site. Do not act on or rely on any information from our sites without consulting with a licensed attorney as this site is not a substitute for obtaining appropriate legal advice from competent, independent legal counsel in the relevant jurisdiction.

All communications on LawInfo.com or LawSmart.com, including postings at message boards is done publicly and no information provided is privileged or confidential unless specifically otherwise agreed. All communications, including emails, articles, posts and other written transmissions submitted to us or posted on our sites become the property of LawInfo.com, Inc. for its exclusive use. Do not submit personal information to us by email.

The links from our site that go to other sites are for convenience only, and do not imply that we endorse or approve of those sites. We have no control over the content found on other sites and no warranties as to the accuracy or adequacy of any information found at such sites are made. Similarly we are not responsible for information found on or through our site and which is generated by third parties. LawInfo.com and LawSmart.com are not responsible for any loss, injury, claim, liability, or damage related to your use of the site, whether from errors or omissions in the content of our site or any other linked sites, from the site being down or from any other use of the site. Your use of these sites is at your own risk.
