> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lawmacs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-03-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100329153402id_/http%3A//www.lawmacs.com/page/Privacy-Disclosure-Policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# lawmacs website design blog | Privacy Disclosure Policy

### Privacy and Disclosure information

**lawmacs respects your privacy.**

Any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of lawmacs.

**Credit card details**

lawmacs will never ask for Credit Card details and request that you do not enter it on any of the forms on lawmacs.

**External Sites.**

lawmacs is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.

**Cookies**

A "cookie" is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows lawmacs to recognize you each time you visit this site(customisation etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and lawmacs does not use cookies to collect personal information. Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content providers such as newsfeeds.

* * *

**Remember The Risks Whenever You Use The Internet**

“While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to lawmacs and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information. In addition other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through lawmacs have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions. Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies. Despite careful content Verification,We are not Responsible for the content of third party website 0f third-party websites The owner of linked sites are exclusively responsible for thier content.”

* * *

**For any other information email[webmaster](mailto:lawmacs@lawmacs.com)**

### Disclosure Policy

**This policy is valid from 28 December 2009**

This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. For questions about this blog, please contact [lawmacs@lawmacs.com](mailto:lawmacs@lawmacs.com).

  * This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.
  * The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.
  * The owner(s) of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner(s) of this blog receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, we always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the bloggers' own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.
  * This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest. 



To get your own policy, go to [disclosurepolicy .org](http://www.disclosurepolicy.org/)

 Comments Policy

I reserve the right to delete any comments link to rogue or spamming website you as the commentator must ensure that your comments are clean and not contaning foul or threatening languages these will be removed as all comments are moderated by the blog owner feel free to express yourself but please do so in an appropriate manner
