> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the laws.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151227063914id_/http%3A//www.laws.com/category/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Attorney and Law Firm Information and Directory. Find Legal Information, Laws and local Attorneys.

 

Your privacy is important to us at Laws.com. We are committed to respecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal information, traffic information and communications content.  This Privacy Policy describes our collection, use and sharing of personal information, which members voluntarily provide to us.1. Collection of InformationPersonal information. When you sign up for a particular service that requires registration at our website, we ask you to provide us your personal information. If we later use this information in a manner different from the purpose, for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use.You may decline to submit personal information to any of our services, in which case we may not be able to provide such services to you.Member profile. Your professional profile is the information you decide to make available to other members. Your member profile may include your member name, full name, email address, telephone number, gender,  and any other information that you decide to make available. You control your member profile, and you can access it in order to view, correct, add or remove personal and public  information.Contact information. Your account name, your email address, phone number and address is displayed to other members in your public directory listing. Other members can contact you using this information.Location information. When you share your location with others or add a location to your posting, we treat it like any other content you post.Transactional information. We may retain the details of transactions or payments you make on our website. However, it is only with your consent that we will keep your payment source account number.Site activity information. We keep track of the actions you take on the site, such as  posting information. In some cases, you are also taking an action when you provide content to us. For example, if you shared some content with us, we might log the fact that you shared it.Access information. When you access the site from a computer, mobile phone, or other device, we may collect the information from that device about your browser type, location, and IP address, as well as the pages you visited.Cookie information. We use cookies and similar tools to track site usage and to customize the content and advertising you receive based on the profile information you provided. A cookie is a small file, which resides on your computer and allows us to recognize it when you return to the site. We use cookies to improve the quality of our services by storing preferences and tracking trends.In the course of serving advertisements or optimizing services for our members, we may allow authorized third parties to place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Any information provided to third parties through such cookies will not be personal, but may indicate a general segment, e.g. your industry or geographic location, your occupation, or information about your professional and educational background, for greater customization of your member experience.Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can adjust your browser to block cookies or to alert when a cookie is being sent.Log files and information about your computer. Due to the Internet communications standards, when you visit our site we automatically receive the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the site, from which you came, and the site, for which you are leaving us. We also receive information about your computer, its operating system and the type of web browser it is using, email patterns, as well as the name of your Internet Service Provider (ISP). This information is used to analyze overall trends to help us improve our services and is not shared with third parties without your consent.Consent to processing information about you. By providing information for the purpose of opening your member account, you are expressly and voluntarily accepting the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. Your providing of such information is entirely voluntary on your part.No information from persons under age 18. Persons under age 18 are not eligible to use our services. If you are under 18 year of age, you may not register for our site or provide any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from someone under age 18, we will immediately delete this information.2. Use of Personal InformationService management. We use the information we collect from you to provide our services and features to you, to measure and improve these services and features, and to provide you with customer support.Communications with you. We communicate with you through email and notices posted on our website. You will receive emails from us related to the proper functioning of your account. You can change your email address  and contact preferences at any time.Sharing information with third parties. We do not sell, rent, or otherwise transfer your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes. We only share your information with third parties to carry out your instructions or to provide specific services or information. E.g., we may use a credit card merchant company for subscription fees. Such third parties do not retain, share, or store any personal information except to provide their services, and they are bound by confidentiality agreements, which limit their use of such information.Sharing your resume with third parties. Our searchable database of job postings and resumes enables third parties, such as employers, recruiters, data collectors, marketers and others, to see your personal information, and to contact you. You have to be aware that these third parties may reside in jurisdictions, which may not have adequate legal personal information protection. We do not control these third parties, and we are not responsible for their use of the personal information you make available on our website. Therefore, you should avoid posting sensitive information in your personal profile.We share personal information with third parties to help us in the delivery of our services to you. However, we cannot disclose such information to third parties unless you consent to such disclosure. E.g., if you make your resume searchable, all parties with access to our searchable database will have access to your resume. Or, if you indicate by configuring your profile that you wish to receive information about the services of third parties, we supply your contact information to these third parties for the purpose of their communicating with you. We use the information we have about you to determine, whether you might be interested in the services of a third party.You may control the information and status of your resume. You may also remove your resume from our database at any time by accessing your account.Your resume must not contain sensitive information relating to your racial or ethnic origin, political views, religious beliefs, membership in a social or political organization, physical or mental condition, harmful addictions, sexual orientation and criminal record, unless you intentionally wish that such information be present in your resume. Your resume must not contain any information you do not wish to share with a potential employer.Producing personalized advertising. We do not share your information with advertisers without your consent. However, we may allow advertisers to choose the characteristics of members who will see their advertisements, and we may use non-personal information to select the appropriate audience for these advertisements.Supplementing your profile. We may use the information about you, which we collect from other members, to supplement your profile. In such cases, we leave you an opportunity to remove that information or limit its visibility.Surveys and polls. You may receive requests from other members to participate in market research including polls and surveys. The information you provide for such purposes may be visible to other members of our website.Linked websites and third party applications. Our website may contain links, which will let you leave it and access other websites. Linked websites are not under our control and may have different privacy policies. Our Privacy Policy solely applies to personal information that is passed to our website, and we do not accept responsibility for privacy policies of other websites.If you use a third party application, the provider of such application may obtain access to certain personal information about you. We do not, and cannot, control how this provider may use such personal information. Please review any privacy policies or terms of use of a third party application before installing it.3. Changes to Personal InformationEditing your profile. You can update or correct your personal information, email preferences  any time by visiting your profile page. The information will be updated immediately.Deactivating or deleting your account. If you wish to stop using your account, you may deactivate or delete it. When you deactivate your account, it becomes invisible to any member, but it will not be erased. We will save your profile information in case you later decide to reactivate your account. When you delete your account, your personal information becomes permanently erased.4. Protecting Personal InformationSecurity measures. We use administrative, technical and physical measures to safeguard your personal information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. In addition, we try to make sure that this information is accurate, current and adequately complete.Limitations on security measures.  Information publicly posted in your profile will become available to all users of Laws.com, therefore please do not post any personal information in your professional profile.  We are not responsible for third party circumvention of privacy settings or security measures on our website. You can reduce these risks, however, by choosing a strong password, using different passwords for different services, and using up-to-date anti-virus software.5. Disclosure of Personal InformationExcept as provided below, we will not transfer any personal information, traffic information or communications content to any third parties without your express consent, except to protect or defend our legal rights or property, to protect the safety and security of other members or members of the public, to protect against fraud, or to comply with the law or legal process. If we become involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of our assets, we will ensure the confidentiality of any personal information involved in such a transaction and will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.6. Changes to Privacy PolicyLaws.com may update this Privacy Policy at any time, with or without notice. Our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. It is important, therefore, that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure that you are updated as to any changes.If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please email to us info@laws.com.Notice and Take-down proceduresIf you believe any material accessible on laws.com to infringe your copyright, you may request immediate removal of those materials from the website by contacting laws.com editors (identified below) and providing the following information:1. Identification of the copyrighted work you believe to be infringed. Please describe the work, and where to find a copy of the authorized version of the work.2. Identification of the material that you believe to be infringing and its location. Please describe the material, and provide us with a URL and other pertinent information that allows us to locate the material.3. Contact information including your name, address, telephone number and emailEmail: Editor@laws.comSummaryExcept as expressly provided in a particular "legal notice" on the site, these terms and conditions and the laws.com Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and laws.com with the use of laws.com website or content.Thank you for reading through the terms and conditions of laws.com. We hope that you enjoy hospital.com and its content and spread it through your network of friends and family. Should you have any questions or comments regarding laws.com, they should be directed at info@laws.com.

  

