> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 18trendz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-08-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150805125959id_/http%3A//www.18trendz.com/pages/2-Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - 18trendz.com

### Privacy Policy

* * *

Your privacy is very important to us. 18trendz is secured with 128-bit SSL ; Your Personal information is completely secured with us. We do not publish, sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. Please read this privacy policy to learn more about the ways in which we use and protect your personal information.  We do everything we reasonably can to protect your rights of privacy on systems and the Website controlled by us, but we are not liable for any unauthorized or unlawful disclosures of your personal and confidential information made by third parties who are not subject to our control, for example advertisers and websites that have links to our Website. You should take note that the information and privacy practices of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors or other sites to which we provide hyperlinks, may be different from ours. Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically. By visiting this website you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our Site.

This Privacy Policy describes the information, as part of the normal operation of our services; we collect from you and what may happen to that information. By accepting the Privacy Policy and the User Agreement in registration, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the User Agreement. This Privacy Policy is effective upon acceptance in registration for new registering users, and is otherwise effective on  **21 st  **February  **2015** for all users.

### 1\. Your Privacy - Our Commitment – Your Satisfaction

At 18trendz, we are extremely proud of our commitment to protect your privacy. We value your trust in us. 18trendz will work hard to earn your confidence so that you can enthusiastically use our products and services and recommend us to friends and family. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our Website.

### 2\. 18trendz' Privacy Guarantee

18trendz promises that we will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. From time to time we may reveal general statistical information about our Website and visitors, such as number of visitors, number and type of goods and services purchased, etc only for improvement of our services and delivering you the best shopping experience ever. Keeping your trust and confidence on 18trendz is our highest priority.

### 3\. Information We Collect

When you use our Website, we collect from you and store your personal information securely with us. Our primary goal in doing so is to provide you a safe, efficient, smooth and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our website to make your experience safer, faster and easier. Importantly, we only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose.

In general, you can browse the Website without letting us know who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. To fully use our Website, you will need to register using our online registration form, where you may be required to provide us information about your personal identity such as gender, marital status, age, preferences, likes and dislikes etc.; your financial information such as your banking details and any information relating to your income and lifestyle levels if any required; and your contact details such as your physical addresses, postal addresses, telephone numbers etc. In the case of Social Network aligned services (if so opted by you), publicly available information of your friends, their likes and dislikes, etc may be collected. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. You always have the option not to provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature on the Website. Your account history with us and communications are encrypted on our secured servers.

We may automatically track certain information about you based upon your behavior on our Website. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve our users. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. This information may include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, date and time of request, the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our site or not), your computer browser information, e-commerce activities, data either created by you or by a third party and which you wish to store on our servers such as image files, documents etc. We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the Website to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "Cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Site and you may be required to reenter your password more frequently during a session.

Additionally, you may encounter "Cookies" or other similar devices on certain pages of the Website that are placed by third parties. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. If you choose to post feedback on our feedback board, chat room or other message areas we will collect that information you provide to us. We retain this information as necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer service and troubleshoot problems as permitted by law.

If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Website, we may collect such information into a file specific to you. If you register for 18trendz on another website or use a website providing a service for 18trendz or a website that helps facilitates your activity on 18trendz, that website may provide personal information about you and your transactions back to us.

### 4\. Usage of your information

We use your personal information to facilitate the services you request. We use your personal information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Website to: resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; help promote safe trading; collect fees owed; measure consumer interest in the services provided by us, inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, other updates; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our User Agreement; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. At times, we may look across multiple users to identify problems or resolve disputes, and in particular we may examine your personal information to identify users using multiple User IDs or aliases. We may compare and review your personal information for errors, omissions and for accuracy.

You agree that we may use personal information about you internally to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze site usage, improve the Website's content and product offerings, and customize the Website's content, layout, and services. These usages improve the Website and better tailor it to meet your needs, so as to provide you with a smooth, efficient, safe and customized experience while using the Website. You agree that we may use your personal information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, and communications relevant to your use of the Website. By accepting the User Agreement and Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. If you do not wish to receive these communications, we encourage you to opt out of the receipt of certain communications in your profile. You may make changes to your profile at any time.

### 5\. Exceptions

 We cooperate with law enforcement and regulatory inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights, fraud and other rights, to help protect you and the community from crimes. Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, city, state, telephone number, email address, UserID history, passwords, transaction details without a subpoena. Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from crimes, we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss; or report suspected illegal activity. Further, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email, and company name to Intellectual Property rights owners under confidentiality agreement, as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity.

Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Website. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.

### 6\. Security

When you place orders or access your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The Secured Socket Layer (SSL) encrypts all information you put in before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information, we will employ reasonable security practices and procedures and current Internet security methods and technologies in compliance with Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules made there under.

### 7\. Your Consent

By using the Site and / or by providing your information, you consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose on the Site by 18trendz in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. These changes in the Privacy Policy will get automatically implemented to all the users / visitors of 18trendz as soon as the policy gets updated on this page without any prior notification. Users are requested to keep knowledgeable regarding any update in the Privacy Policy. 18trendz will not be liable for any damages, if any, caused due to the sudden modification of its Privacy Policy.

 **Name and address of the entity collecting and retaining Your Information**

Name and address of the entity collecting and retaining Your Information shall be the contracting entity stated in the 18trendz’ [Terms of Usage.](http://www.18trendz.com/pages/3-Terms-of-Usage)

Grievance Officer:

In accordance with Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under, the contact info of the Grievance Officer is published on the Website.
