> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the brainpop.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141104194844id_/http%3A//www.brainpop.com/about/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BrainPOP - Animated Educational Site for Kids - Science, Social Studies, English, Math, Arts

> >   
> 
>> 
>> This online resource is operated by BrainPOP (as defined in the Terms of Use and referred to herein as "BrainPOP","us" or "we"). This document explains what information we collect about visitors and subscribers (together referred to as "Users" or "You") of this online resource and how we use this information. This Privacy Policy does not cover collection or use of information by third parties or linked sites (such as local educational portals, Apple, Google, Windows, GameUp partners), which BrainPOP does not control, own or manage. 
>> 
>> The privacy of those who visit this online resource is important to us. We support the goals and guidelines set forth by oversight laws and bodies such as the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), the Center for Media Education (CME), the Children's Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of the Council of Better Business Bureaus and other organizations devoted to providing online safety and privacy for children, households, parents and schools. 
>> 
>> We design and operate our technology and services with our Users’ protection and privacy in mind. This Privacy Policy outlines the types of information we gather when Users access this website, technology and services, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard it against unauthorized use. 
>> 
>> A note to kids under the age of 18 ("Minors"): Please get permission from your parents/legal guardians before using this website or app or sending any e-mail to us. If you wish to subscribe to any of the BrainPOP websites or apps, your parents/legal guardians need to complete the subscription form for you. 
>> 
>> A note to educators: Please get permission from the Minors’ parents/legal guardians before allowing minors to use the BrainPOP websites or apps or allowing them to send any e-mail to us. If you wish to subscribe to any of the BrainPOP websites or apps on behalf of Minors, you are solely responsible for obtaining their parents/legal guardians’ authorization. 
>> 
>> For purposes of this Policy, "Personally Identifying Information" shall hereby mean information which is identifiable to You, including, e-mail, name and address; "Anonymous Information" shall hereby mean information which does not enable identification of an individual user; and “De-Identifiable Information” shall mean information which removed all personally identifiable information therein and there is reasonable determination that an individual user is not identifiable. 
>> 
>> BrainPOP does not routinely collect Personally Identifying Information from Users entering this website. We may make use of a standard feature found in browser software, called a "cookie", to assign each visitor a unique, random number. Cookies allow us to track the pages on this site visited by Users and to collect other statistical information. Using cookies helps us to deliver a more personalized service to our Users and to improve our services. We may further use cookies to monitor potential fraud and abuse of the accounts or use which is not in accordance with the Terms of Use. It is Your choice whether to accept or reject cookies and You can set your browser to reject cookies altogether or to reject BrainPOP’s cookies in particular or to delete these cookies. However, if You choose to reject cookies or delete them, it may limit some of the functionalities available or effect your experience with the services. 
>> 
>> From those Users who order services or products from us, we collect limited usage information, including Personally Identifying Information, in connection with User logins and passwords in order to monitor subscription compliance. This information is kept confidential and is not shared or sold to third-parties. In addition, as part of our subscription and registration process, subscribers are asked to voluntarily submit limited personal information in order to create an account (typically name, email address, affiliation with a school or a district, phone number, payment information and unique password). 
>> 
>> BrainPOP does not knowingly collect or maintain Personally Identifying Information from any Minors, without permission from the Minor’s parents or legal guardians, or if applicable, from the Minor’s school or district. Minors may not use this website without parental or educators consent. If we learn that any Personally Identifying Information about any Minor has been collected without the appropriate consent, then we will take reasonable steps to delete any such information. 
>> 
>> A note to schools or districts: Please contact us for a separate privacy policy regarding information collected and maintained associated with using My BrainPOP (individual accounts) and which demonstrates how you may be able to designate us as a “school official” under FERPA. Users will only be able to access or use My BrainPOP or the Mixer with an educators code provided by their school. If you are a parent/guardian of a student using My BrainPOP with his or her school, you are encouraged to use the student’s login information and review the student’s account at any time. Parents also have a right to request the student’s Personal Identifying Information be deleted. 
>> 
>> BrainPOP will not sell or market directly to minors and always seeks parental or legal guardian’s authorization whenever we identify that a minor attempts to purchase a BrainPOP product or service or provide Personally Identifying Information to us. 
>> 
>> BrainPOP may provide Your Personally Identifying Information to its partners, business affiliates and third party service providers who work for BrainPOP or operate some of its functionalities or its related services, such as hosting services, streaming services and credit card processing, to operate these services and functionalities. These third parties service providers do not have independent right to share Your Personally Identifying Information and are bound by privacy and security obligations. In no event shall the business affiliates, partners or third party providers be authorized to use your contact information for purposes which are not related to delivering our services or notices to You and they will not be authorized to contact You directly for other purposes. 
>> 
>> You may be able to register to receive updates and promotions or site surveys. The contact information You submit will not be used for these purposes unless You specifically opt in. If you are opted in automatically, you may opt-out at any time. 
>> 
>> Personally Identifying Information about the Users will not be used for any purpose which is unrelated to the use of the services or to related services, unless specifically authorized by You. In no event shall BrainPOP use or share any Personally Identifying Information for advertisement or marketing purposes. 
>> 
>> BrainPOP collects Anonymous Information tracked by Google Analytics. BrainPOP may use the collected information about Your browser, operating system or other technical details of Your usage to improve Your experience with our services. BrainPOP may further use the collected Anonymous Information and De-Identifiable Information (non-identifying information) about usage patterns, time of usage and form of usage, to improve the experience and to be able to improve BrainPOP's offering of our services to users. 
>> 
>> BrainPOP reserves the right to use and disclose, in its sole discretion, Anonymous Information or De-Identifiable Information about Users to third parties for research or market analysis purposes, unless You expressly reject. De-Identifiable Information disclosure in this regard may include selective disclosure of search terms for example, as long as it does not explicitly reveal Personally Identifying Information. 
>> 
>> Note to Users using activity pages and quizzes where a user is able to enter his or her name prior to printing or sending it to an outside email entered by the user: BrainPOP does not collect or store any such information. 
>> 
>> BrainPOP Educators is a section of this resource that is directed to teachers, parents, tutors, and everyone else who educates young people, and not intended for use by Minors. However, because our resources may include a link to the BrainPOP Educators section, we ensure that it does not include any posting or editing feature and that the content included therein is not obscene or defamatory. 
>> 
>> We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personally Identifying Information submitted to us. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personally Identifying Information, we cannot and do not guarantee the information’s absolute security.In the event of an actual data breach, we will notify You immediately and as appropriate when there is a substantial risk of harm from the breach or a legal duty to provide notification. 
>> 
>> If a User of the age of 13 or older wishes to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use his or her name and email address to send the newsletter. Out of respect for privacy, we provide a simple way to unsubscribe from the newsletter. We will send Users service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary or advisable to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send an informational email. 
>> 
>> We reserve the right to disclose your Personally Identifying Information if we are required to do so by law or if we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process. We also reserve the rights to transfer your Personally Identifying Information in case of a corporate restructuring (such as a merger or acquisition) as long as the receiving entity adopts this or stricter privacy policy that applies to your information. 
>> 
>> While using the BrainPOP Websites, You may be linked from or to third parties sites, such as games partners featuring their games on GameUp or other BrainPOP games portals, or social plug ins included in BrainPOP Educators. BrainPOP is not responsible for information, content, terms of use of privacy policy at these sites. BrainPOP takes a careful notice in choosing its business partners and affiliates and aims to associate only with reliable partners which our committed to users privacy. However, remember that when You use a link to go from the website to another website, BrainPOP’s Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. By Your browsing and interacting on any other website, including websites which have a link on the website, You are subject to that website's own rules and policies. Please read those rules and policies carefully before proceeding. If You wish to block third party links without affecting your BrainPOP experience, please contact our support. 
>> 
>> If You login to a BrainPOP app with your BrainPOP website subscription username and password, we collect limited usage information in connection with User logins and passwords in order to monitor subscription compliance. This information is maintained in accordance to this policy. If you purchased an in-app purchase, we do not collect any User information. 
>> 
>> Note that the use of the BrainPOP applications are also governed by the privacy policy of the operators of the application distribution platforms (such as Apple, Google, Windows, etc.), and our policy only applies to our practices. We do not collect Personal Identifying Information from Users of the various BrainPOP applications. If You are using a quiz on an app, You can enter Your name, but this information is not collected by BrainPOP. It is only stored on Your device. You may contact BrainPOP through the app, however we delete any email that appears to be sent by a Minor. 
>> 
>> This online resource is hosted in the State of New Jersey in the United States of America and is subject to New Jersey and U.S. federal law. Our office is located in the State of New York. If you are accessing this online resource from other jurisdictions, please be advised that you are transferring your personal information to us in New Jersey and New York, and by using any of these online resources, you consent to that transfer and to abide by the applicable laws of the States of New Jersey and New York and applicable U.S. federal law concerning your use of the online resources and your agreements with us. Any Persons accessing this online resource from any jurisdiction with laws or regulations governing the use of the Internet, including personal data collection, use and disclosure different from those of the jurisdictions mentioned above may only use the online resources in a manner lawful in their jurisdiction. If your use of this online resource would be unlawful in your jurisdiction, please do not use this online resource. 
>> 
>> We constantly strive to provide the best products and services. Because the Internet is a dynamic and ever changing medium and as new or changed products and services are released and threats and technologies evolve, changes to this policy may be required. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time. We expect most such changes to be minor, but there may be cases where changes may be more significant, and in such cases we will first provide prominent notice to Users who are affected by such changes. If you have a separate contract with us, you will be notified of any changes in our privacy and security policies that affect your contract in advance. We urge you to examine this policy for changes when using this site. Posting the modified Privacy Policy on the BrainPOP online resources will give effect to the revised terms. Your continued use of this online resource indicates Your acceptance of any revised terms. If You do not agree to the revised policy, please refrain from using this online resource and/or leave this online resource. 
>> 
>> If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or our software or website practices, please contact us at [info@brainpop.com](mailto:legal@brainpop.com). 
