> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the brainyquote.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021204222339id_/http%3A//www.brainyquote.com/inquire/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BrainyQuote - Privacy

BrainyMedia respects the privacy concerns of the users of its Internet Sites ("Sites"), and has created this privacy statement to explain what information we gather from your visit to our Sites, and how such information may be used.  Use of Information:   
As a general policy no personally identifiable information, such as your name or address is automatically collected from your visit to BrainyQuote. However, certain non-personal information is recorded by the standard operation of BrainyQuote's Internet servers. Information such as the type of browser being used, its operating system, and your IP address is gathered in order to enhance your online experience.  Various forms on our Site may request that you give us contact information (such as your email address), demographic information and profile data. Information submitted at the time of signing up for our service may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by BrainyMedia and its subsidiaries (such as BrainyQuote). Personally identifiable information is never sold or leased to any third parties. With your permission, we may use your contact information to send you information about our companies and what we're doing. You may always opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the Choice/Opt-out section below.  Our Sites use various forms for you to sign up and subscribe to our services. Contact information we collect from our forms (such as your email address) is used to process your subscription requests. The contact information is also used to get in touch with you when necessary regarding your subscription(s). BrainyMedia may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference (either intentionally or unintentionally) with BrainyMedia's rights or property, other BrainyMedia web site users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.  To the extent that any of our Sites accessible through the URL www.brainymedia.com have additional or different practices or policies, these practices will be explained at that Site. The practices and policies for the URL www.brainyquote.com are the same as the practices and policies of the URL www.brainymedia.com.  Security:   
Security for all personally identifiable information is extremely important to us. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, BrainyMedia cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.  BrainyMedia Sites do not allow children under 13 to sign up for any subscriptions. Further, we do not allow children under 13 to participate in any activity such as a contest, or to receive ongoing communications from BrainyMedia.  Use of Cookies:   
Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's computer hard drive for record keeping purposes. Cookies are used to track visits to our Sites and to personalize the Sites for new and current subscribers. Cookies enable us to, among other things, save your passwords and preferences for you. Cookies are restricted for use only on our Sites, and do not transfer any personal information to any other party. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies; however, you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. (Note: you will need to consult the help area of your browser application for instructions.) If you choose to disable your cookies setting or refuse to accept a cookie, some parts of BrainyMedia's web sites will not function properly or may be considerably slower. For example, without cookies, you will not be able to set personalized preferences or you may have difficulty completing our forms or submitting information to our Sites.  Use of IP Addresses:   
An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet provider whenever you're surfing the Web. When you request pages from BrainyMedia Sites, our servers log your IP address. BrainyMedia collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information to our advertisers, and to audit the use of our Site. We may link IP addresses to personally identifiable information, such as your email address. We may use your IP addresses in cooperation with your Internet provider to identify you if we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Terms of Use or to protect our service, Sites, customers, or others.  Links to Other Sites:  
BrainyMedia is not responsible for the content or practices of third party websites that may be linked to our Sites. Our Sites may also be linked to websites operated by other companies. Visitors to these web sites should refer to each web site's respective privacy policies and practices.  Third Party Advertising We use Maxworldwide and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp). 

We also use Adtegrity.com for advertising and Adtegrity.com's Privacy Policy can be found [here](http://www.adtegrity.com/privacy.asp). 

Third Party Cookies. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser. 

Choice/Opt-Out:   
Our Sites may provide you the opportunity to opt-in to receive communications from us at the point where we request information about you. You always have the option of removing your name from any email list to not receive future communications. To ensure immediate removal from any of our communications or subscriptions, click to unsubsribe or follow the specific instructions outlined within the communications you receive from us since BrainyMedia operates numerous sites tailored to specific interests. However, if you are unable click unsubscribe or complete the process indicated in the communications, then send us an email at info@brainymedia.com with a copy of the undesired email attached to the request and state you wish to be removed from the mailing list.  Contact Us:   
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of our Sites, or your dealings with our Sites, you can contact: service@brainymedia.com  Information provided by you via general email inquiries to BrainyMedia such as your email address is used only to respond to your inquiries in the ordinary course of business, and is never shared with third parties.  To view educational material on consumer privacy, please see http://www.ftc.gov/.  Your Acceptance of These Terms:   
By using BrainyMedia's Sites, you signify your acceptance of the BrainyMedia Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Sites. BrainyMedia reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this policy at any time, so visitors are encouraged to review this policy from time to time. Your continued use of the BrainyMedia Sites following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.  Last updated November 1, 2002  Copyright 2001, 2002, 2003 BrainyMedia. All Rights Reserved.  
Do not duplicate or redistribute in any form.  |  [Home](https://web.archive.org/)  
[Advertise](https://web.archive.org/inquire/advertise.html)  
[Inquire](https://web.archive.org/inquire/inquire.html)  
[Privacy](https://web.archive.org/inquire/privacy.html)  
[Terms](https://web.archive.org/inquire/terms.html)  
[Copyright](https://web.archive.org/inquire/copyright.html)  
So shines a good deed in a weary world.   
William Shakespeare   

