> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the brandfolder.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-11-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20131107112550id_/https%3A//brandfolder.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Brandfolder

### Privacy Policy

##### Last Updated 07/02/13

Brandfolder, Inc. (“Brandfolder” “us” or “we”) operates the www.brandfolder.com website. It is Brandfolder’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect through our website or other services. By submitting information through our website or through our related services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

**Information from Technology.** Like most website operators, Brandfolder collects information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Brandfolder’s purpose in collecting this information is to better understand how Brandfolder’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Brandfolder may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. Brandfolder also collects information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users. 

We also may use cookies. A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Brandfolder uses cookies to help Brandfolder identify and track visitors, their usage of the Brandfolder website, and their website access preferences. Brandfolder visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Brandfolder’s website, with the drawback that certain features of Brandfolder’s website may not function properly without the aid of cookies. 

Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Brandfolder and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. 

**Information from You.** Certain visitors to Brandfolder’s website may choose to interact with Brandfolder in ways that require Brandfolder to gather certain information. The amount and type of information that Brandfolder gathers may depend on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for an account at Brandfolder.com to provide an email address. Those who engage in transactions with Brandfolder – by purchasing a subscription, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. 

We also retain information that you post or store through your account and/or on our website, including without limitation, logos, company and brand information, company bios, product images, videos, colors, fonts, drawings, company files, and other documents and materials. 

If you exchange any messages through our site, we may store those as well. If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply, and any information that you submit to us, such as a resume. When you post messages on the message boards of our website or on our blog, the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it. We may also retain any messages you send through the service, and may collect information you post to the service. 

We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you access our service through the recommendation or referral link from a third party or use third party login credentials (like Facebook), that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to Brandfolder. This information could include, but is not limited to, information about any projects you are working on, any information that you permitted the third party to share with us, and any information you made public in connection with that service. 

**Use of Your Information.** In general, information you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better. Brandfolder uses your information to facilitate the creation of and secure your account on our network; identify you as a user in our system; provide improved administration of our website and services; improve the quality of experience when you interact with our website and services; send you administrative e-mail notifications; respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests; send promotional communications; send upgrades and special offers related to our services and for other marketing purposes of Brandfolder or our third party companies, should you opt-in to receive such communications by following the instructions we provide; make telephone calls to you, from time to time, as a part of secondary fraud protection or to solicit your feedback. 

We may create anonymous data records from information (including any content uploaded by you) by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you. We use this anonymous data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our services and improve site navigation. Brandfolder reserves the right to use this information internally without restriction and disclose anonymous data to third party companies for any purpose in its discretion. 

If you provide feedback on any of our services to us, we may use such feedback for any purpose, provided we will not associate such feedback with your information. Brandfolder will collect any information contained in such communication and will treat the information in such communication in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

Visitors and Users can always refuse to supply certain information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities. 

Brandfolder may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Brandfolder may monitor the most popular accounts on the Brandfolder.com site. Brandfolder may display this information publicly or provide it to others in an aggregated anonymized format. We reserve the right to use and disclose anonymous data to third party companies for any purpose in our discretion. 

**Sharing your Information.** Brandfolder discloses information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Brandfolder’s behalf or to provide services available at Brandfolder’s website, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Brandfolder’s website, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. 

Although we currently do not have a parent company, any subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (collectively, “Affiliates”), we may in the future. We may share some or all of your information with these Affiliates, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires our company or our assets, that company will possess the information collected by it and us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your information as described in this Privacy Policy. 

Regardless of any choices you make regarding your information (as described below), Brandfolder may disclose information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Brandfolder; or (b) protect or defend the rights or property of Brandfolder or users of the services. 

If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Brandfolder takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. 

**Third Parties.** We may receive information about you from other sources like telephone or fax, from friends who refer you to us, or otherwise. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our website in order to improve the services we provide. 

Our provision of a link to any other website or location is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such other website or location or its contents. When you click on such a link, you will leave our site and go to another site. During this process, another entity may collect information from you. 

We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of data after you click on links to such outside websites. 

**Choices.** We offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your information. We will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our site or services and may contain advertisements for third party companies. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we may share your e-mail address with third parties to ensure that you do not receive further communications from third parties. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you emails related to your account or transactions thereunder, or notices of any updates to our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/tos) or Privacy Policy. 

**Changes to information.** You may change any of your information in your account by sending an e-mail to us at the e-mail address set forth below. You may request deletion of your information by us, but please note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. Our service offers publicly accessible community services such as blogs and forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. Your posts may remain even after you cancel your account. 

**Security of Your information.** Brandfolder is committed to protecting the security of your information. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We may require you to enter a password to access your account information. Please do not disclose your account password to unauthorized people. Despite these measures, you should know that Brandfolder cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with information and mistakes may happen. 

**Dispute Resolution.** If you believe that Brandfolder has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Brandfolder by e-mail at customerservice@brandfolder.com. We will do our best to address your concerns. If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely, we invite you to let us know for further investigation. If you and Brandfolder are unable to reach a resolution to the dispute, you and Brandfolder will settle the dispute exclusively under the rules of the American Arbitration Association (www.adr.org). 

**A Note About Children.** We do not intentionally gather information about visitors who are under the age of 18. 

A Note to Users Outside of the United States. Your information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. 

**Changes to This Privacy Policy.** This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes in the way we use your information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our website. Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our site. These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our website or services. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your information to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us. Continued use of our website, or services, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes. 

**Contact Information.** Brandfolder welcomes your comments or questions regarding this Privacy Policy. Please contact us at [support@brandfolder.com](mailto:%73%75%70%70%6f%72%74@%62%72%61%6e%64%66%6f%6c%64%65%72.%63%6f%6d) . 
