> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bravoerotica.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181002075633id_/http%3A//www.bravoerotica.net/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

##  PRIVACY POLICY

Effective Year:2018   
Last Modified: 16 July, 2016   
Sites Covered: bravoerotica.net 

**INTRODUCTION** – Welcome to Our Site’s User Agreement (hereinafter “Agreement” or “Terms and Conditions.”) The provisions of this Agreement will govern Your use of Our Site(s) and the Services contained therein. You should therefore take some time to read the Agreement carefully. Our Site is different from many other websites on the Internet as it contains advertisements, communications, and links posted by independent third parties, over which We exert no control and with which there is not necessarily any direct association. We do not get involved in any disputes that may develop between Our advertisers and others, and We do not facilitate communication between third parties. Therefore, You are urged to use Your own good judgment and common sense when responding to such advertisements, as We are not responsible for any interactions occurring between Our Users and Our advertisers. Federal law protects sites like Ours from civil claims, so We encourage You to independently research any information found in Our advertisements, before making any decisions. We hope that You thoroughly enjoy Our services, and anticipate that You will find Our Site useful and informative. Should You have any questions or comments regarding Our Site, or its policies, please feel free to contact Us via [Contact Support](mailto:support@tubedupe.com). The laws of Your individual city, county, state, province or nation may regulate the activity discussed or promoted by the Site, or by third parties communicating on the Site. Check Your local laws before taking part in any such activities. 

  * I. **General**
    * A.The operative parties referred to in this policy are Company and You, the User of this site. 
      * 1.Anycom Publishing is the publisher and operator of the website(s) listed at the beginning of this Policy. Hereinafter, Anycom Publishing shall be referred to as “Company”. When first-person pronouns are used in this Policy, (Us, We, Our, Ours, etc.) these provisions are referring to Company. Additionally, when the terms “the Site” or “Site” are used, these terms refer to the website(s) listed at the beginning of this Policy. 
      * 2. **You, the User** – As the User of this Site, this Policy will refer to the User as “You” or through any applicable second-person pronouns, such as “Yours,” etc. Hereinafter, the User of the Site shall be referred to in applicable second-person pronouns. 
    * B.This Privacy Policy describes how we use information received about You when You visit Our Site or when You subscribe to, or otherwise use Our online services. This Policy does not cover any information that We may receive from or about You through channels other than through the use of the Site. 
  * II. **Revisions to this Policy**
  * We reserve the right to revise, amend, or modify this Policy and Our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. You should periodically check for any modifications of this Policy by re-visiting this web page and using the “refresh” button on Your browser. You should note the date of last revision to this Policy, which appears at the top of this Policy. If the “last modified” date remains unchanged after You have clicked the “refresh” button on Your browser, You may presume that no changes have been made since the last reading of the Policy. A changed “last modified” dates indicates that this Policy has been updated or edited, and the updated or edited version supersedes any prior versions immediately upon posting. 
  * III. **Personal Information that We Collect**
    * Visitors to Our Site and services will have multiple manners of interactivity with Us. Depending upon Your level of interaction, We will collect different information about You. The type of information collected is as follows: 
    * A. **Members** \- Members are those Users who interact with Our services in a way which requires registration. Members are required to provide a valid e-mail address and username to complete registration. 
    * B. **Browsers** \- Browsers are visitors to the Site who never enter into any active data collection pages. Browsers may, however, view content uploaded by Members. Any information gathered from Browsers is also gathered from Members. 
  * IV. **How We Collect Information from You**
    * A. **Passive Collection** – We collect information about You in order to enhance Your experience on the Site. The information collected includes, but is not limited to, Your User IP address, browser information and other session data. 
    * B. **Active Collection** – We collect information from You, such as a username and e-mail address when You complete the registration form to sign up for Your membership on Our Site, this information will be used to generate an automatic Member profile listing your geographic location. Providing any additional information for Your Member profile is completely optional. Locations for data collection are registration or personal profile pages, but We reserve the right to add additional information collection portals. 
  * V. **How We Use Your Information**
  * The primary use for Your information is to provide You with services You have requested and/or paid for. We also use Your information to deliver customized services, account information and Site updates to You. Non-personal and aggregate information, such as that collected passively is used in order to customize Our marketing efforts or to customize the use of Our Site for an aggregate group of customers. We additionally may use the personal information of Users whose membership has expired or has been cancelled in order to market Our services to these individuals in the future. 
  * When You provide optional information on Your profile, You should consider all such information to be public, and accessible by anyone unless otherwise stated. Even if You choose not to make public any personally identifying information, You should understand that there is a possibility that You may still be identified through the information You provided. You understand that using this Site places You in control of all of the information displayed on Your profile, with the exception of Your username and geographic location, and You are fully responsible for any consequences arising out of such information You choose to publish. 
  * VI. **Special Cases.**
  * It is Our policy not to use or share the personal information about Browsers or Members in ways unrelated to those described in this Policy without also providing You an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. However, We may disclose personal information about Browsers or Members, or information regarding Your use of the services or Site(s) accessible through Our services, for any reason if, in Our sole discretion, We believe that it is reasonable to do so, including: 
    * 1.To satisfy any laws, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, regulations, or governmental, or legal requests for such information; 
    * 2.To disclose information that is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms & Conditions or other User policies; 
    * 3.To operate Our services properly; 
    * 4.To protect ourselves, Our Members, and the general public. We specifically reserve the right to disclose any and all information to law enforcement in the event that a crime is committed, is suspected, or if We are compelled to do so by lawful criminal, civil, or administrative process, discovery requests, subpoenas, court orders, writs, or reasonable request of authorities or persons with the reasonable power to obtain such process. 
    * 5.We may cooperate with law enforcement authorities seeking information about Our end users to the extent required by applicable law. We may cooperate with private party litigants, governmental administrative or regulatory agencies, and investigative journalists if We are legally advised to do so after attempting to invoke any necessary legal protections pertaining to user information. Examples of such cooperation include lawful criminal, civil, or administrative process, discovery requests, subpoenas, court orders, writs, or reasonable request of authorities or persons with the reasonable power to obtain such process. 
    * 6.Anyone who violates Our Anti-Spam Policy, if applicable, may have their personal information made public. If there is any investigation on any unlawful spamming, or any use of bulk e-mail in order to promote Your User profile, or any use of bulk e-mail in any manner that leads back to Our Site, or any one of Our Sites, We will cooperate with any and all parties completely and freely in order to see that Your bulk e-mail activities stop. 
  * VII. **Transmittals from Us**
  * We may send You periodic announcements including the details of Our existing and new programs. You may opt out of these announcements by contacting Unsubscribe or by clicking the opt-out link at the bottom of these emails. If You opt out of these marketing emails, You may still receive system notices and other information that is specifically related to Your account.
  * If You provide Your information to Us, use the Site, or subscribe to any of Our services, You will have created a commercial relationship with Us. In having done so, You understand that even unsolicited commercial email sent from Us or Our affiliates is not SPAM as that term is defined under the law.
  * VIII. **Public Areas** :
  * Any information provided in a forum, commentary areas, profile, Member directory, or other related service should be considered to be public information. We do not, cannot, and will not act to maintain the privacy of any information that You provide in any such forum or medium.
  * IX. **Our Commitment to Data Security.**
  * We take measures to protect the transmission of all sensitive end-user information. We make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of Our network and systems. Nevertheless, We cannot guarantee that Our security measures will prevent third-party ‘hackers’ from illegally obtaining this information. We take all reasonable measures to prevent such breaches of security, but given the resourcefulness of cyber-criminals, We are unable to guarantee that Our security is one hundred percent (100%) breach-proof. You assume the risk of such breaches to the extent that they occur despite Our reasonable security measures.
  * X. **How to Access or Modify Your Information.**
  * We may offer our Members the opportunity to access or modify information provided during registration. To access or modify such information, please refer to Your account settings page or the profile editing page.
  * XI. **Where to Direct Questions About Our Privacy Policy.**
  * If You have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein, You may contact Us at [support](mailto:support@tubedupe.com).


