> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the brazencareerist.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130409235713id_/http%3A//brazencareerist.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Brazen Careerist

This Privacy Policy tells you about the information Brazen Careerist collects through its websites - Brazen Connect virtual events, Brazen Life blog, Brazen U courses, Brazen Careerist email newsletter - (collectively, the “Site”) and how we use that information. By using our services and accessing Brazen Careerist properties, you are consenting to the information collection and use practices described in the Privacy Policy, as modified from time to time by us.

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personally identifiable information, please contact us at [privacy@brazencareerist.com](mailto:privacy@brazencareerist.com).

  1. **Information Collection**. We do collect information that identifies users of the Site (“Personal Information”). We also collect non-personal information (“Anonymous Information”), such as pages visited, and comments left. We may also collect or develop aggregated information, which may include Anonymous Information and Personal Information (“Aggregated Information”). 
    1. **Children Under the Age of 13**. We do not intentionally gather Personal Information about users who are under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you are not authorized to use the Site.
    2. **Voluntarily Provided Information**. When you create an account on a Brazen Careerist Site, Brazen Careerist and the participating company’(s), if applicable, will collect and retain information about you, some of which is Personal Information. For example, some registrations require you to provide private information including a valid email address, password, location and other event specific information. The information you provide will be collected by Brazen Careerist and if applicable, shared with the employer(s) participating in a virtual event (“Event”) that you are signing up for. This includes but is not limited to your location, your industry, and other questions you answer during the registration process. If providing information for an Event, this information may become subject to the policies of the respective Employer(s) after it has been shared, as Brazen Careerist is not responsible for these policies. Providing additional information beyond what is required at registration is entirely optional, but enables you to better identify yourself.
    3. **Cookies**. We collect Anonymous Information about you and your use of the Site for authentication purposes. This includes use of cookies to store your user session IDs. Brazen Careerist uses session ID cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Site. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file. Brazen Careerist does not use cookies to track your web browsing on other websites.
    4. **Click Tracking**. Like most websites, Brazen Careerist gathers certain information automatically and stores it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users' movements around the Site and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole.
    5. **IP Addresses**. Each user's IP address is logged with each visit and each action performed on the Site. This information is not provided to the third parties, except as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy, and is logged only for a temporary period of time. IP address information is linked to Personal Information and may be used in an effort to block a "banned" user from accessing the Site.
    6. **Advertising**. If there is advertising on the Site, such advertising may employ the use of cookies or other methods to track hits and click-throughs. We are not responsible for advertiser cookies or how the information gathered through their use might be used.
    7. **Participation on a Public Website**. You should be aware that any Personal Information you submit in blogs, comments, and other opsts can be read, collected, or used by other users of Brazen Careerist, including anonymous visitors, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. In addition, any personal information you submit in an Event can be read, collected, or used by participating employers, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit on the Site.
    8. **Aggregated Information**. We may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, sell, or otherwise disclose or use any and all Aggregated Information
  2. Use and Disclosure of Information. By way of example, and not limitation, Brazen Careerist may use your Personal Information in the following ways: 
    1. To facilitate the creation of your account
    2. To identify you as a user in our system
    3. To provide improved administration of our Site and services
    4. To provide this information to employers and recruiters participating in the Event you have registered to attend
    5. To improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Site
    6. To send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your account is created
    7. To send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories
    8. To respond to your inquiries
    9. To send promotional communications
    10. To send and facilitate upgrades and special offers related to our services and for other marketing purposes 
      * **Opting Out **. In the future, if you do not immediately “opt-out,” you may receive newsletters or promotional communications from us. You may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to "opt-out" by contacting us directly. Should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we may share your e-mail address with third parties to ensure that you do not receive further communications from third parties. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you notices of any updates to our Privacy Policy.****
      * **Use of Anonymous and Aggregated Information**. We use Anonymous Information and Aggregated Information so that we may enhance the quality of our Site and services and improve Site navigation. Brazen Careerist reserves the right to use and disclose Anonymous Information and Aggregated Information to third parties in its discretion.
      * **Use of Feedback**. If you provide feedback on our Site or any of our services to us, we may use such feedback for any purpose, provided we will not associate such feedback with your Personal Information.
      * **Co-branded Service Offerings**. At some point, we may share Anonymous or Aggregated Information with certain businesses with which Brazen Careerist has formed a partnership. If you provide them with your Personal Information, it may become subject to the policies of the respective company. Brazen Careerist may receive information from these strategic partners and may add such information to information already collected from you.
      * **Third Party Services**. Brazen Careerist reserves the right to offer third party services and products to you on the Site, based on the preferences that you identify during the registration process and based on your subsequent preferences. We may share Aggregated Information about our user base with other entities, such as advertisers.
      * **Third Party Contractors**. We may share your Personal Information with third party contractors or service providers to provide you with the services that we offer you though our Site; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support; to provide editing services, or to provide specific services in accordance with your instructions. These third parties are required not to use your Personal Information other than to provide the services requested by Brazen Careerist.
      * **Affiliates; Sale of the Company**. Although Brazen Careerist does not currently have any subsidiaries, joint ventures, parent company, or other companies under a common control (collectively, "Affiliates"), we may in the future. We may share some or all of your Personal Information with these Affiliates, in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. If another company acquires our company or our assets, we may include some or all of your Personal Information as part of the assets sold, and any and all Anonymous and Aggregated Information.
      * **Legal Requirements**. We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect or defend our rights, property, or users and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on Brazen Careerist.
  3. **Links to Other Sites**. Brazen Careerist contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by Brazen Careerist Inc. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects Personal Information. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by this Site.
  4. **Choice of Law and Location for Resolving Disputes**. You agree that the laws of Virginia govern this contract and any claim or dispute that you may have against us, without regard to Virginia’s conflict of laws rules, and that the United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall have no applicability. You further agree that any disputes or claims that you may have against us will be resolved by a court located in McLean, Virginia and you agree and submit to the exercise of personal jurisdiction of such courts for the purpose of litigating any such claim or action.
  5. PLEASE NOTE THAT BY AGREEING TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU ARE: (1) WAIVING CLAIMS THAT YOU MIGHT OTHERWISE HAVE AGAINST US BASED ON THE LAWS OF OTHER JURISDICTIONS, INCLUDING YOUR OWN; (2) IRREVOCABLY CONSENTING TO THE EXCLUSIVE JURISDICTION OF, AND VENUE IN, STATE OR FEDERAL COURTS IN MCLEAN, VIRGINIA OVER ANY DISPUTES OR CLAIMS YOU HAVE WITH US; AND (3) SUBMITTING YOURSELF TO THE PERSONAL JURISDICTION OF COURTS LOCATED IN MCLEAN, VIRGINIA FOR THE PURPOSE OF RESOLVING ANY SUCH DISPUTES OR CLAIMS.
  6. **Security**. Brazen Careerist is committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Despite these measures, you should know that we cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information.
  7. **Dispute Resolution**. If you believe that Brazen Careerist has not adhered to the Privacy Policy, please contact us by e-mail at privacy@brazencareerist.com. We will do our best to address your concerns. If you feel that your complaint has been addressed incompletely, we invite you to let us know for further investigation.
  8. **Changes to Your Personal Information**. You may change any of your Personal Information by editing your profile or by sending an e-mail to Brazen Careerist at info@brazencareerist.com. You may request deletion of your Personal Information by Brazen Careerist, but please note that we may be required (by law or otherwise) to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). When we delete the account information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.
  9. **Privacy Policy Updates**. If we decide to make material changes to our Privacy Policy, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Site and updating the date at the top of the Privacy Policy. Therefore, we encourage you to check the date of our Privacy Policy whenever you visit the website for any updates or changes. Any material changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on the Site. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Information (defined below) to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use or disclosure of Personal Information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use or disclosure of your Personal Information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us. Continued use of our services and access to Brazen Careerist, following notice of such changes, shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.



If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please contact us at [privacy@brazencareerist.com](mailto:privacy@brazencareerist.com).

Updated July 23, 2012

© 2013 Brazen Careerist Inc. | [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy) | [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-use)
