> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the uberceleb.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141208011008id_/http%3A//uberceleb.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Uber Celebrity – Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy Uber Celeb, LLC. (hereafter referred to as Uberceleb.com) has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our commitment to the privacy of the users of our websites. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy, and how we treat personally identifiable information collected from our visitors and users. What this Privacy Policy Covers This privacy policy covers Uberceleb.com’s treatment of personally identifiable information collected by Uberceleb.com through a website owned and operated by Uberceleb.com. This privacy policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Uberceleb.com does not own or control, or of persons that Uberceleb.com does not employ or manage, including any third-party content contributors bound by contract and any third-party websites to which Uberceleb.com websites link. Collection and Use of Personal Information You can visit the websites of Uberceleb.com without revealing any personal information. However, Uberceleb.com needs certain personal information if you wish to purchase our products, register for an affiliate account, receive Uberceleb.com newsletter, or use certain Uberceleb.com services. Where required, this information may include your personal contact information and/or your company contact information. Uberceleb.com will use this information to reply to your inquiries, to provide you with requested products and services, to set up your member’s account, and to contact you regarding new products and services. By accessing the services of Uberceleb.com and voluntarily providing us with the requested personal information, you consent to the collection and use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy. Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information Uberceleb.com automatically receives and records non-personal information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information and the page you requested. Uberceleb.com may use this information to customize the advertising and content you see and to fulfill your requests for certain products and services. However, Uberceleb.com does not connect this non-personal data to any personal information collected from you. Uberceleb.com also allows third party companies that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. Again, these cookies are not connected to any personal information. Third party cookie usage is subject to their own privacy policies, and Uberceleb.com assumes no responsibility or liability for this usage. Information Sharing and Disclosure Uberceleb.com may disclose your personal information to third parties who work on behalf of Uberceleb.com to provide products and services requested by you. We will share personal information for these purposes only with third parties whose privacy policies are consistent with ours or who agree to abide by our policies with respect to personal information Uberceleb.com may otherwise disclose your personal information when: We have your express consent to share the information for a specified purpose; We need to respond to subpoenas, court orders or such other legal process; We need to protect the personal safety of the users of our websites or defend the rights or property of Uberceleb.com; We find that your actions on our websites violate the Uberceleb.com Terms of Use document or any of our usage guidelines for specific products or services. Display Advertising Uberceleb.com has implemented Display Advertising and uses Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. It means that third-party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites across the Internet. Uberceleb.com along with third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to our website. If you want to opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising, just customize Google Display Network ads using the Ads Settings or using Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on that will instruct the Google Analytics JavaScript not to send any information about the website visit to Google Analytics. Note that by using uberceleb.com, you will be tracked by the DoubleClick DART cookie and cookies from third-party vendors DoubleClick sends a cookie to the browser after any impression, click, or other activity that results in a call to the DoubleClick server. If the browser accepts the cookie, the cookie is stored on the browser. Most commonly, DoubleClick sends a cookie to the browser when a user visits a page that shows DoubleClick ads. Pages with DoubleClick ads include ad tags that instruct browsers to request ad content from the DoubleClick ad server. When the server delivers the ad content, it also sends a cookie. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Consent If you do not consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information as outlined in this policy, please do not provide any personal information to Uberceleb.com. If you have provided personal information to Uberceleb.com and no longer consent to its use or disclosure as outlined herein, please notify Uberceleb.com at info@uberceleb.com. Security Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be considered 100% secure. However, your Uberceleb.com Information protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas of our websites, as identified on the site, Uberceleb.com uses industry-standard SSL-encryption to protect data transmissions. We also safeguard your personal information from unauthorized access, through access control procedures, network firewalls and physical security measures. Further, Uberceleb.com retains your personal information only as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes identified above or as required by law. Changes to this Privacy Policy Uberceleb.com may at any time, without notice to you and in its sole discretion, amend this policy from time to time. Please review this policy periodically. Your continued use of Uberceleb.com websites after any such amendments signifies your acceptance thereof. Questions or Suggestions If you have questions or suggestions about this privacy policy, or your own personal information, please e-mail us at info@uberceleb.com. 
