> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ubex.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080620230243id_/http%3A//ubex.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Ubex Corporation, Privacy Policy

| 

|   
---  
|  |  |   |  |    
---|---|---  
  |  | **Ubex Corporation's Privacy Commitment Overview**  
---  
  
Ubex Corporation is committed to protecting the privacy of our users. We want to provide a safe, secure user experience. We will use our best efforts to ensure that the information you submit to us remains private, and is used only for the purposes as set forth herein. The following reflects our commitment to you.  
  
   
  |  | **Copyright Notice**  
---  
  
Everything on this site, including but not limited to the text, graphics, photographs, design, etc., is copyrighted to Ubex Corporation, except where otherwise stated. If you want to quote or use any material appearing on this site, you must first obtain permission.  
  
**What information do we collect from users?**  
  
The servers which host our website will collect various information about the user when visiting our website. When visiting www.ubex.com our server will attempt to make a record of your IP address, ISP, country of origin, your operating system and browser and the referring URL which was used to enter the site. Our server may also attempt to make a record of the page which you entered the website and the page which was used to exit the website. The server will attempt to make a record of the number of unique visits / page views generated by our user base. A cookie may be placed on the users computer when visiting the website.  
  
**How is the information collected used?**  
  
The purpose of collecting information from users visiting the website is to improve our general marketing abilities. For example, knowing the amount of users using the Netscape operating system allows for our efforts to insure our website operates normally for Netscape. Another example would be the amount of users coming from another country - this gives us the option of translating the entire website into that country's language. We may also use the amount of unique visitors to show other websites when attempting to set up partnerships and link exchanges. Cookies are small files placed on your computer that contain only a unique number and a generally used to make a users website experience more fulfilling. Cookies are used for various functions, for example a cookie may be used to keep a record of the last companies a user had searched for. Cookies may be used by third parties advertising on the site to track / learn or keep a record of traffic flowing from the website or any other usage they may wish to use. An example of a cookie being used would be to enable the website to remember your log in details from the last time you visited the website.  
  
**Does this website sell information stored on this website to third parties?**  
  
The short answer is NO. We have no desire to sell / share or rent information stored on this website to any third parties and will NOT do so, however if in some time in the future we wish to sell the website - all information in the website, including e-mail addresses, database listings would become the responsibility of the new owner of the site.   
  
**How will I know about changes in the Privacy Policy?**  
  
This website reserves the right to update this privacy policy from time to time and without any notice to the user. It is the users responsibility to visit this page periodically so that you will be informed of any changes.   
  
   
  |  | **Other Notification**  
---  
  
In order to implement or enforce the Terms of Ubex Corporation, Ubex Corporation may use personal information to contact users on an individual basis.  
  
**Who do I contact if I have concerns/questions about the privacy policy?**  
  
If you have any further queries or concerns about the privacy policy we can be contacted by sending mail to the following address, [](mailto:web.master@ubex.com%20)  
  
   
  |  | **No Guarantees**  
---  
  
While this Privacy Statement expresses Ubex Corporation’s standards for maintenance of private data, Ubex Corporation is not in a position to guarantee that the standards will always be met. There may be factors beyond our control that may result in disclosure of data. As a consequence, Ubex Corporation disclaims any warranties or representations relating to maintenance or nondisclosure of private information.  
  
   
  | Thank you for visiting Ubex Corporation.  |    
  
   
   
   
 
