> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nonesuch.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100624022008id_/http%3A//www.nonesuch.com/about/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Nonesuch Records

****Personally Identifiable Information.**** We may use PII about you in the following ways:

* ****Fulfillment of Requests.**** Company may use PII about you to fulfill the purpose for which such PII was provided ( _e.g._ , to send newsletters to you or fulfill your purchase). ****

* ****Administrative Communications.**** From time to time, in our sole discretion, we may use PII about you to send to you important information regarding the Site, or changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information may be important to your use of the Site, you may not opt-out of receiving such communications.

* ****Other Communications.**** If you affirmatively opt-in to receive marketing messages from Company and the Affiliated Entities, Company and the Affiliated Entities may use PII about you to inform you of products, programs, services and promotions that we believe may be of interest to you. If you would prefer not to receive marketing-related e-mail messages, please refer to Section 3.e (" _Opt-Out_ ") below. ****

* ****Third Party Communications.** **If you affirmatively opt-in to Company sharing PII about you with third parties for their marketing purposes, we may share PII about you with third parties to allow them to contact you regarding products, programs, services and promotions that they believe may be of interest to you. If you would like to later opt-out of receiving marketing-related e-mail messages from such third parties, please utilize any opt-out mechanisms set forth in such third parties' marketing-related e-mail messages and/or privacy policies.

* ****Disclosures to Artists.** **One of the reasons we operate the Site is to provide you with news and information about Warner Bros. Records and our artists. As such, if you affirmatively opt-in to Company sharing PII about you with our artists, we may share PII about you with such artists and their representatives (collectively, "Artist(s)") so that such Artists have information on users of the Site, and such Artists may use this information to contact you regarding products, programs, services and promotions that such Artists believe may be of interest to you. Although we seek to have Artists agree to abide by this Policy, we do not control, and are not responsible for, Artists' use of PII about you. If you would prefer not to receive marketing-related e-mail messages from Artist(s), please see the " _Opt-Out_ " section below.

* ****Purchases.**** When you make a purchase through the Site, we may collect your credit card number or other payment account number (for example, your wireless account number), billing address and other information related to such purchase (collectively, "Payment Information") from you, and may use such Payment Information in order to fulfill your purchase. We may also provide such Payment Information, or other PII provided by you, to third parties as necessary to complete your purchase (for example, to process your credit card or payment account number). To the extent that Payment Information includes Non-PII, use of such Non-PII is governed by Section 2.b below. ****

* ****E-mails to Friends.**** We may provide functionality to permit you to send messages regarding Site-related content (such as music clips or artist information) to a friend through the Site. If you wish to use this feature, you may provide us with your friend's e-mail address so that we can facilitate your sending of such message to your friend. To do so, any PII you provide in connection with sending your friend such message, such as your name and your e-mail address, will, of course, be disclosed to your friend. ****

* ****Promotions.**** Company, Artist(s) or the Affiliated Entities may operate sweepstakes, contests and other promotions (collectively, "Promotions") through the Site. We typically ask you for certain PII when you enter and, if applicable, win a Promotion. We reserve the right to share this PII with third parties sponsors of such Promotions (irrespective of whether such Promotions are hosted by us), or otherwise in accordance with the rules applicable to such Promotion. You should carefully review the rules, if any, of each Promotion in which you participate through the Site, as they may contain additional important information about Company's, a sponsor's or other third parties' use of PII about you. To the extent that the terms and conditions of such rules concerning the treatment of PII about you conflict with this Policy, the terms and conditions of such rules shall control. ****

* ****Internal Business Purposes.** **We may also use PII about you for our internal business purposes, such as data analysis, audits and so forth.

* ****Third Party Service Providers.**** We work with third parties who provide services including but not limited to data analysis, order fulfillment and other services of an administrative nature. We reserve the right to share PII about you with such third parties for the purpose of enabling these third parties to provide such services (for example, if you choose to buy wireless products or services from us, we may share your personally identifiable information with your wireless carrier and our third party service providers so that such products and/or services can be delivered to you and/or your mobile device).

* ****Assignment.**** We reserve the right to transfer any and all information that we collect from Site users to an Affiliated Entity or a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of Company's business, assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). Additionally, please note that if any Artist is no longer affiliated with Company, we may transfer or provide a copy of any and all information that we collect from Site users to such Artist. ****

* ****Law enforcement; emergencies; compliance.** **Notwithstanding any other provision of this Policy to the contrary, we reserve the right to disclose PII about you to others as we believe to be appropriate (a) under applicable law; (b) to comply with legal process (c) to respond to governmental requests; (d) to enforce our Terms and Conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any Affiliated Entities or our artists; (f) to protect the rights, privacy, safety or property of Company, the Affiliated Entities, our artists, you or others; and (g) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. For example, we may, to the fullest extent the law allows, disclose PII about you to law enforcement agencies to assist them in identifying individuals who have been or may be engaged in unlawful activities.
