> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mygym.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081217113354id_/http%3A//www.my-gym.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Gymnastics and birthday parties for children | Mommy and me | My Gym - Children's Fitness Center

**My Gym Enterprises Privacy Policy**

Thank you for visiting My Gym Enterprises’ ("My Gym") developer’s Internet web site ("Site") located at the URL www.my-gym.com. This Privacy Policy details certain policies implemented throughout My Gym governing My Gym's use of personally identifiable information about customers and potential customers provided to My Gym via this Site, registration forms for My Gym’s membership or otherwise provided from our franchisees and third party affiliate entities. 

**Privacy Policy Updates**   
Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, My Gym may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, My Gym will post its updated Privacy Policy on our Site located at www.my-gym.com so you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information. My Gym encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this Site and/or continued provision of personally identifiable information to us or our franchisees will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy. 

**Information Collection and Use**   
You can generally visit our Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, in certain sections of this Site, to use certain services, we may require you to register for an account or a class, or we may invite you to submit questions or comments or request information, subscribe to newsletters, and participate in surveys, questionnaires or contests. Due to the nature of some of these activities, we may ask that you complete and submit an online form with personally identifiable information such as your name, username, email address, contact information, and your child’s age and gender. We also may collect the foregoing personally identifiable information from our franchisees when you register or enroll your child in a class with such franchisees, from in person communications with you or from our third party affiliate entities. We may use your personally identifiable information to enroll your child in a class, deliver certain services, products or information you have requested, verify your authority to enter certain password protected areas of the Site, send you notices for products and/or services that you have used or that may be of interest to you, send you newsletters, and improve the content and general administration of the Site. We also collect your child’s doctor’s name and contact information and we will use this information only if your child needs medical attention during a class. 

**Children's Privacy**   
My Gym recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. No personally identifiable information is collected by My Gym from children under the age of 13 and this Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. My Gym does not target its services or this Site to children under 13 but rather targets its services and this Site to parents. My Gym does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If a user indicates that he or she is under age 13, the user will not be permitted to register or enter or submit personally identifiable information that would be transmitted to us. 

**Cookies**   
We may use small text files called cookies to improve overall Site experience. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you. Cookies must be enabled for you to use certain areas of the Site. 

**Aggregate Information**   
The Site may track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, IP addresses, External Web Sites (defined below) linked to, and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users' movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. 

**Disclosure**   
We may provide your personally identifiable information that we collect and the data generated by cookies to our parent, subsidiary or affiliate entities within our corporate family, our franchisees, third party partner entities and the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us. For example, we may provide your personally identifiable information to an organization in order to complete a service (e.g., process your payment). Such third party entities will be restricted from further distributing your personally identifiable information and may be obligated to a written confidentiality agreement that is at least as protective of your personally identifiable information as the terms of this Privacy Policy and they will not be permitted to further distribute your personally identifiable information. However, such third party entities may use your personally identifiable information to send you marketing or promotional materials. We also will disclose your personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any other company or organization except we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which My Gym participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of My Gym's assets to which this Site relates. 

**Links to Third Party Sites**   
The Site may provide links to other Web sites or resources over which My Gym does not have control ("External Web Sites"). Such links do not constitute an endorsement by My Gym of those External Web Sites. You acknowledge that My Gym is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that My Gym is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites. Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites. 

**Security**   
We may employ procedural and technological measures, consistent with industry practice. Such measures are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. My Gym may use firewalls, internal restrictions, password protection and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information. 

**Correction/Updating Personally Identifiable Information**   
My Gym provides you with the ability to review, correct and delete any of the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. If you wish to review or correct any information you have provided to us, you may contact us by email at: [mfetters@my-gym.com](mailto:mfetters@mygym.com?subject=Privacy) or by phone at: 813-975-9208. 

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us via email at: [mfetters@my-gym.com](mailto:mfetters@mygym.com?subject=Privacy). 

This Privacy Policy was last updated: June 1, 2006 

This Privacy Policy is effective as of: June 1, 2006 
