> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the uqr.me privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160622094027id_/http%3A//uqr.me/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - uQR.me

This Privacy Policy describes uQR.me’s policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of your information. UQR.me receives your information through our various web sites, SMS, APIs, services and third-parties (“Services”). When using any of our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Irrespective of which country that you reside in or create information from, your information may be used by UQR.me in USA or any other country in the world.

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at support@uqr.me

No information from children under age 13. If you are under age 13, please do not attempt to register for uQR.me or provide any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from a child under age 13, please contact us through this privacy@uqr.me.  
Information about Yourself. When you sign up for uQR.me you provide us with your username, email and password. You will be able to add a picture of yourself. In some cases we may ask for additional information for security reasons or to provide specific services to you. Once you register you can provide other information about yourself for example your company, job, city, phone, fax.  
Friend Information. We offer contact importer tools to help you upload your friends’ addresses so that you can find your friends on uQR.me, and invite your contacts who do not have uQR.me accounts to join. If you give us your password to retrieve those contacts, we will not store your password after you have uploaded your contacts’ information.  
Information we collect when you interact with uQR.me:  
Site activity information. We keep track of some of the actions you take on uQR.me, such as adding connections, changing you QRlink.  
Access Device and Browser Information. When you access uQR.me from a computer, mobile phone, or other device, we may collect information from that device about your browser type, location, and IP address, as well as the pages you visit.  
Cookie Information. We use “cookies” (small pieces of data we store for an extended period of time on your computer, mobile phone, or other device) to make uQR.me easier to use and to protect both you and uQR.me. For example, we use them to store your login ID (but never your password) to make it easier for you to login whenever you come back to uQR.me. We also use them to confirm that you are logged into uQR.me, and to know when you are interacting with uQR.me. You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser, but in some cases that may impact your ability to use uQR.me.

uQR.me link. We do not own or operate the websites that you use through your QRlink (such as Facebook, Twitter or any URL you decided to use). Whenever you connect with a website, uQR.me ignores the content of it has no control over what may be in it.  
Name and Profile Picture. uQR.me is designed to make it easy for you to connect with others. For this reason, your name and profile picture do not have privacy settings. If you are uncomfortable with sharing your profile picture, you should delete it (or not add one) and in that case your QR will be set as your profile picture.  
QR Information. Your QR information settings control (available when customizing your Privacy settings) is where you can configure who may have access to your QR link.  
Personal Information. When you create a uQR.me account, you provide some personal information, such as your screen name, username, password, and email address. Some of this information, for example, your name and username, is listed publicly on our Services, including on your profile page and in search results.  
QRlink privacy. If you set to “everyone” is publicly available information. Such information may, for example, be accessed by everyone on the Internet (including people not logged into uQR.me), be indexed by third party search engines, and be imported, exported, distributed, and redistributed by us and others without privacy limitations. The default privacy setting for certain types of information you post on uQR.me is set to “everyone.” You can review and change the default settings in your Privacy settings. You can also choose instead of “everyone”, “People I decide. QRlink is password-protected” or “uQR.me friends only”. When you choose the “contents are password-protected” choice, the information will be accessed by everyone you give the password to, and if you choose “uQR.me friends only” can be viewed only by your friends on uQR.me.  
Minors. We reserve the right to add special protections for minors (such as to provide them with an age-appropriate experience) and place restrictions on the ability of adults to share and connect with minors, recognizing this may provide minors a more limited experience on uQR.me.  
Links. When you click on links on uQR.me you may leave our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites, and we encourage you to read their privacy statements.

### How We Use Your Information

We use the information we collect to try to provide a safe, efficient, and customized experience. Here are some of the details on how we do that:  
To manage the service. We use the information we collect to provide our services and features to you, to measure and improve those services and features, and to provide you with customer support. We use the information to prevent potentially illegal activities. We also use a variety of technological systems to detect and address anomalous activity and screen content to prevent abuse such as spam. These efforts may on occasion result in a temporary or permanent suspension or termination of some functions for some users.  
To contact you. We may contact you with service-related announcements from time to time. You may opt out of all communications except essential updates on your account. We may include content you see on uQR.me in the emails we send to you.  
When you invite a friend to join. When you ask us to invite a friend to join uQR.me, we’ll send them a message on your behalf using your name. You can see who has accepted your invitations and send them reminders. If your friend doesn’t want us to keep their information, they can send a request to support@uqr.me .  
To respond to legal requests and prevent harm. We may disclose information pursuant to subpoenas, court orders, or other requests (including criminal and civil matters) if we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law. This may include respecting requests from jurisdictions outside of USA where we have a good faith belief that the response is required by law under the local laws in that jurisdiction, apply to users from that jurisdiction, and are consistent with generally accepted international standards. We may also share information when we have a good faith belief it is necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activity, to prevent imminent bodily harm, or to protect ourselves and you from people violating our uQR.me Terms. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, courts or other government entities.  
Transfer in the Event of Sale or Change of Control. If the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes, we may transfer your information to the new owner so that the service can continue to operate. In such a case, your information would remain subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy.  
Editing your profile. You may change or remove your profile information at any time by going to your profile page and clicking “Personal Settings.” Information will be updated immediately.  
Deleting your account. When you delete an account, it is permanently deleted from uQR.me. Your current username and QRs will be available again to others. You should only delete your account if you are certain you never want to reactivate it. You may delete your account, at any time and for any reason, by going to your Personal Settings page, selecting the advanced options and then choosing delete my virtual ID.  
Non-user contact information. If a user provides your email address to us, and you are not a uQR.me user but you want us to delete your address, you can send an email to privacy@uqr.me . However, that request will only apply to addresses we have at the time of the request and not to any addresses that users provide to us later.  
Steps we take to keep your information secure. We keep your account information on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card numbers and passwords), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We also use automated and social measures to enhance security, such as analyzing account behavior for fraudulent or otherwise anomalous behavior, may limit use of site features in response to possible signs of abuse, may remove inappropriate content or links to illegal content, and may suspend or disable accounts for violations of our uQR.me Terms.  
Risks inherent in sharing information. Although we allow you to set privacy options that limit access to your information, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you share your information. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information. We cannot ensure that information you share on uQR.me will not become publicly available. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures on uQR.me. You can reduce these risks by using common sense security practices such as choosing a strong password, using different passwords for different services, and using up to date antivirus software.  
Report Violations. You should report any security violations to us by sending an email to support@uqr.me .  
Questions. If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, contact our privacy team by sending an email to support@uqr.me . You may also contact us by mail at Southeast Financial Center, 200 South Biscayne Bvd, Suite 3590, Miami, Florida (33131)
