> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the knewton.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-04-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090406033006id_/http%3A//www.knewton.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Knewton Test Prep

Knewton, Inc. (“ ** _Company_** ,” “ ** _we_** ,” or “ ** _us_** ”) provides access to information through our website accessible at the URL www.knewton.com (the “ ** _Site_** ”) and we may provide the ability to use certain functionalities of the Site or provide services of various kinds (the “ ** _Services_** ”).  This privacy policy describes our information collection practices, as well as circumstances under which we disclose information collected from you.  Our commitment to you is that we will not use or disclose information collected from you other than as described in this policy.

In order to access and use the Site and Services, you must agree to our _Online Terms and Conditions_ (the “ ** _Terms and Conditions_** ”) posted on the Site.  Persons and organizations with permission to use the Service are considered “ ** _Registered Users_**.”  You may view portions of the Site even if you are not an Registered User of the Service.  This privacy policy applies to Company’s collection, use and disclosure of personal information from Registered Users of the Site, as well as from persons who merely visit the Site, and this policy forms an integral part of the Terms and Conditions.  Company has adopted and implemented this privacy policy as part of our commitment to protecting your personal information from misuse.

**WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?**

Company collects personally identifiable information as required to offer Services, as listed in the Terms and Conditions, as voluntarily provided by you in the course of correspondence or registration, and as otherwise identified below.  In addition, we collect certain information that cannot be used to personally identify any user, such as anonymous, aggregate or statistical data. 

In order to use some Services, you may be required to complete the applicable registration form accessible on the Site.  All persons who register are referred to as “ ** _Registered Users_**.”  Some Services may not require registration.  Company collects and maintains a record of all data provided through such registration forms.  For example, individual users who desire to subscribe to the Service must provide certain contact information and financial information, such as a credit card number and expiration date.

For some Services, each Registered User may be provided a unique username and password that enable access to the Service.  We may track the use of those usernames and passwords in order to collect and maintain records of individual transactions conducted through the Services by Registered Users, and those records may be associated with each Registered User’s individual account profile within the Company system.

We also collect and maintain records of information that you voluntarily provide to us.  For example, we may ask you to participate in a survey, and may ask you to provide personally identifiable information, such as age, gender or other demographic data.  However, unless such information is necessary for the Service or required by the Terms and Conditions, we do not require you to provide such information to us.  By providing such information voluntarily, you give Company permission to use such information as described in this policy.

We collect additional information through the Site and the Service that is not associated with any online account or registration information, and that cannot be used to personally identify you (all such information is “ ** _Non-personal Data_** ,” in contrast to collected information described above, which is, “ ** _Personal Information_** ”).  Non-Personal Data ordinarily includes aggregate, summary, or other anonymous data, and may include, by way of example, statistics regarding popularity of particular pages within the Site, or information regarding types of Internet browsers used by Registered Users. We also collect Non-personal Data about each Registered User’s IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Site, but such IP addresses are not associated with individual account profiles or registration information.

“ ** _Cookies_** ” are small files placed on a user’s computer by a Web site in order to facilitate use of that Web site.  For example, a cookie may contain information about a user’s preferences, so that the Web site automatically complies with those preferences whenever the user visits that Web site.  When using the Service, we may create “ ** _cookies_** ” on your computer for purposes of facilitating and maintaining your current user session, and may collect Personal Information using those cookies in order to enable Company to identify you in connection with the Service and to track use of the Service for purposes consistent with this policy.

If you are under age 13, a law called the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) says that we must have a parent’s permission before we may collect and use your Personal Information.  We will need this permission before we are able to create an account for you or provide you with any test preparation services.

Note to parents of children under the age of 13: You are welcome to call us at (800) [         ] to review any identifiable information we have collected about your child.  If you desire, you may request that we delete this information and/or specify that we collect no more of your child’s information.  Please note that we will need to verify the identity of anyone requesting information about a child to ensure that the person is in fact the child’s parent or legal guardian, and that a request for us to delete all personal information about a child requires us to cancel the child’s account.

If your parents and/or another organization pays for or subsidizes the cost of your test preparation services, we may share your Personal Information with them at their request.  This includes the content of your test preparation sessions (transcripts) and the written comments you leave in post-session surveys.  If you pay for your own account, without the involvement of your parents or another organization, we will not share your Personal Information with them.

**USE AND DISCLOSURE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION**

Company uses information collected from the Site and Service in several ways, as outlined in this policy.  For example, we use Personal Information as needed to provide Services and to communicate with Registered Users.  We also use both Personal Information and Non-Personal Data when evaluating ways to improve the Site and the Service.  As further described below, in limited circumstances we may disclose collected information, including Personal Information, to certain third parties in connection with providing Services or as required by law.  We will not use or disclose collected information in ways different from what is described in this policy unless otherwise required by law.

We also use information collected through the Site and the Service to communicate with Registered Users from whom such information was collected in order to provide promotional materials about us and/or about our business partners and affiliates.  However, unlike communications which are necessary to provide Services (“ ** _Necessary Communications_** ”), promotional communications are optional (“ ** _Optional Communications_** ”), and Company will refrain from sending that kind of information to you if you inform us that you prefer not to receive them, as described in more detail below.

Company uses Non-Personal Data in a variety of ways, including, by way of example, to evaluate the performance of the Site and the general preferences of users, or to generate anonymous statistics for our benefit or for our business partners.  Because Non-Personal Data is entirely anonymous, and therefore can never be used by us to identify you, this policy does not limit our ability to use or disclose Non-Personal Data. 

If we collect information through the Site and/or the Service that you provide to us voluntarily through online forms or surveys, through e-mail communications or by other means, we will treat that information as described above, as applied to both Personal Information and Non-Personal Data. 

As a necessary part of providing Services, we may disclose information collected from you as described in this policy.  For example, we may disclose certain Personal Information about you to our third-party service providers, so long as they are only using the Personal Information to provide services to us.  Under certain limited circumstances, we may be subject to legal requirements to disclose information collected through the Site or Services, such as, by way of example, to a court or a governmental agency, and our policy is to comply fully with all such legal requirements.  The disclosures contemplated by this paragraph (“ ** _Necessary Disclosures_** ”) are necessary if you wish to use the Service.  As mentioned above, Company may use and disclose Non-Personal Data without restriction.  If you do not want us to make such Necessary Disclosures, or to use Non-Personal Data without restriction, you must not use the Service. 

If you create an account on the Site by means of registration, we will respect your preferences, as you may indicate to us in your Registration Profile (further described below), regarding whether it is permissible for us to make disclosures of Personal Information other than described above, such as disclosures of Personal Information about you to our business partners other than as necessary to provide the Service.  If you indicate in your Registration Profile that we may make such disclosures, those third parties may contact you for various reasons, such as for purposes of providing promotional information about products or services they offer.  Unlike Necessary Disclosures, these kinds of disclosures of Personal Information are optional (“ ** _Optional Disclosures_** ”), and Registered Users may access Services even if they indicate their preference that we not make such Optional Disclosures.  We will not make Optional Disclosures of your Personal Information if you inform us of that preference as described below.

**CHOICE, OPTING-IN AND OPTING-OUT REGARDING OPTIONAL COMMUNICATIONS AND OPTIONAL DISCLOSURES**

Because we respect your privacy, we may from time to time provide certain opportunities for you to indicate your preferences regarding how we use and/or disclose information collected about you from the Site and the Service.  If you are an Registered User, by indicating your preferences in the online profile your create, which includes your registration information and other information voluntarily provided by you (your “ ** _Registration Profile_** ”), you will be able to inform us whether you wish to receive certain Optional Communications from us, as well as your preferences regarding Optional Disclosures.  Please also note that, although we will respect such preferences that you indicate regarding Optional Communications and Optional Disclosures, information is nevertheless collected from your use of the Site and the Service as described above, largely through automated processes.  Even so, we will treat Personal Information collected from you in accordance with those preferences, unless otherwise required by law. 

We do not maintain responsibility for the manner in which third parties use or further disclose Personal Information collected from you through the Site or Services, after we have disclosed that information to those third parties.  However, we do require our third-party service providers to promise not to use such information except as necessary to provide the relevant services to us.  If you do not want Company to use or disclose Personal Information collected about you in the manners identified in this policy as Necessary Communications and/or Necessary Disclosures, you may not use the Site or any Service.  If you are merely a visitor to the Site but are not registered as an Registered User of any Service, please note that Company does not collect any Personal Information unless you voluntarily provide the same, so you do not need to opt-out regarding any such communications or disclosures.

The Site contains links to other Web sites.  Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other Web sites. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site they visit.  This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by us through the Site.

**ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM YOU**

Registered Users may access their Registration Profiles at any time to update Personal Information contained within that Registration Profile.  Subsequent uses or disclosures of information by us will reflect those changes, but we have no ability to update any information previously disclosed to any third party.  Certain information is necessary in order for Company to provide the Service; therefore, if you delete such necessary information you will not be able to use the Service.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, although most information within the Registration Profiles can be updated online, certain information within the Registration Profiles (e.g., credit card information) may only be changed by contacting Company directly and by following the instructions that Company may provide.

The Site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and unauthorized alteration of Personal Information in Company’s possession and control.  For example, whenever the Service requests that Registered Users provide sensitive information, that information is encrypted with industry standard encryption techniques.  When you are viewing a secure page within the Site, such as our user registration form, an icon of a padlock will appear as “locked” at the bottom of web browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer, but the same icon will appear as “un-locked” when the user is merely “surfing.” We currently use an encryption program known as “ ** _SSL_** ,” or “ ** _Secure Sockets Layer_**.”  To learn more about SSL, go to <http://www.ssl.com/>. Credit card authorization requests are sent using the same encryption technology.

Furthermore, access to Personal Information is physically restricted within our own offices, so that only certain of our employees are granted access to information as appropriate to perform specific jobs and tasks (e.g., performing customer service).  Some information, such as the passwords of Registered Users, are also stored in an encrypted form within our own databases.  We do not store billing information in our databases. 

Please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide security for information in our possession and control, no security system can prevent against all potential security breaches, and we bear no liability for uses or disclosures of Personal Information or Non-Personal Data arising in connection with the theft thereof.  Likewise, Registered Users are responsible for safeguarding the confidentiality of passwords to any Services, and we bear no liability for access to, or use or disclosure of, Personal Information, if such access, use or disclosure arises in connection with the theft or disclosure (whether intentional or negligent) of a password.

If you have any questions about our security measures, you can click here to contact us at security@knewton.com.

**CHANGES TO THIS POLICY**

If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on the Site so that users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we will disclose it.  Any such posted changes will be effective upon the date indicated by the posting, but in any event not sooner than 7 days after posting.  We may from time to time desire to use Personal Information in ways that are different from the policies contemplated herein (“ ** _New Uses_** ”).  In all such cases, we will contact Registered Users by sending notice to any of the points of contact listed in their Registration Profiles.  Your continued access to and/or use of the Site or Service constitutes your assent to, and acceptance of, this policy, including all posted changes and any New Uses for which we have provided notice.

**CONTACTING COMPANY**

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at support@knewton.com.  If you feel that we are not abiding by our posted privacy policy, you should first contact us at 95 Morton Street, New York, NY 10014 or send an e-mail to privacy@knewton.com.  If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe at <http://www.truste.org/watchdog.html> .  TRUSTe will then serve as a liaison to resolve your concerns.
