> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the moneyskill.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190503003143id_/https%3A//afsaef.org/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

The American Financial Services Association Education Foundation (AFSAEF) is an affiliate of the American Financial Services Association (AFSA) established to heighten consumers' awareness of personal financial responsibility and we are committed to protecting any data that we collect concerning you. Our website is [www.afsaef.org](https://web.archive.org/en-us/) and by using our services you agree to the use of the data that we collect in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

**Commitment to Privacy  **  
We collect the minimum amount of information about you that is commensurate with providing you with a satisfactory service. This Policy indicates the type of processes that may result in data being collected about you. Your use of this website gives us the right to collect that information. 

**Information Collected**  
Non-specific information concerning your visit to this site may be collected for analysis and statistical purposes concerning the use of this site. This type of information is non-personal in nature. We may also collect any or all of the information that you give us depending on the type of transaction you enter into, including your name, address, telephone number, fax number and email address, together with data about your use of the website. Other information that may be needed from time to time to process a request may also be collected as indicated on the website. Data in relation to credit card payments is processed by First Data on a secure website linked to ours and they have their own privacy policy.

**Information Use**  
We use the information collected primarily to process the task for which you visited the website. Data collected in the United States is held in accordance applicable laws and stored securely. All reasonable precautions are taken to prevent unauthorized access to this information. This safeguard may require you to provide additional forms of identity should you wish to obtain information about your account details.

**Cookies  **  
Your Internet browser has the in-built facility for storing small files- "cookies" - that hold information which allows a website to recognize your account. Our website takes advantage of this facility to enhance your experience. You have the ability to prevent your computer from accepting cookies but, if you do, certain functionality on the website may be impaired.

**Disclosing Information**  
We do not disclose any personal information obtained about you from this website to third parties except when we need to do so in order to complete the transaction – e.g. when arranging for a courier company to deliver goods that you have ordered or information that you have requested. We may also use the information to keep in contact with you and inform you of developments associated with our business. You will be given the opportunity to remove yourself from any mailing list or similar device. If at any time in the future we should wish to disclose information collected on this website to any third party, it would only be with your knowledge and consent. We may from time to time provide information of a general nature to third parties - for example, the number of individuals visiting our website or completing a registration form, but we will not use any information that could identify those individuals.

**Third Party Websites**  
This web site may contain links to other Internet websites. Unless we explicitly state otherwise, we have no control over these third party sites and their privacy practices, and this Privacy Policy applies only to information you supply (or that we collect) in connection with use of the web site. You should review third party privacy policies in connection with visiting other sites.

**Collection of Personal Data from Children**  
To the extent that AFSAEF is able to determine the age of users by their submissions to, or communications with, this web site, AFSAEF will not knowingly (a) collect or post information from individuals under thirteen years of age (“Children” or “Child”) without their parent’s or guardian’s verifiable consent, or (b) provide or otherwise make public any personally identifying information collected from Children, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose whatsoever. To facilitate a Child’s use of the MoneySKILL online portal, AFSAEF may collect name, online contact information, user name, and geolocation information. Any information collected from Children will be used only by teachers, school administrators, and AFSAEF as the system administrator for communication purposes and use of the online portal only. Parents or legal guardians can review or have their Child’s personal information deleted and refuse its further collection or use by contacting AFSAEF by telephone, (888) 400-7577, e-mail [info@afsaef.org](mailto:info@afsaef.org), or by postal service at the following address: AFSA Education Foundation, 919 18th Street, N.W., Suite 300, Washington, D.C. 20006-5517. 

**Governing Law**  
This Privacy Policy and the privacy practices of AFSAEF will be subject exclusively to the laws of the District of Columbia within the United States of America, excluding its conflict of laws provisions, and you submit to personal jurisdiction in District of Columbia. The parties irrevocably agree that the municipal and federal courts located in the District of Columbia, U.S.A. shall have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of any dispute which may arise out of or in connection with this Privacy Policy. AFSAEF makes no representation that this Privacy Policy and such practices comply with the laws of any other state or country. Visitors who use the web site and reside outside the United States do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws, if and to the extent local laws are applicable. If you reside outside of the United States, by using the web site, you consent to the transfer and use of your information outside your country.

**Changes to this Policy**  
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be placed here and will supersede this version of our Policy. We will take reasonable steps to draw your attention to any changes in our Policy. However, to be on the safe side, we suggest that you read this document each time you use the website to ensure that it still meets with your approval.

**Contacting Us**  
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, or if you want to know what information we have collected about you, please [email us](mailto:info@afsaef.org). You can also correct any factual errors in that information or require us to remove your details form any list under our control.
