> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the moneytips.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190511093609id_/https%3A//www.moneytips.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | MoneyTips

Last Updated: December 13, 2018

PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. This privacy policy (the "Privacy Policy") governs the manner in which LeadPoint, Inc., a Delaware corporation (hereafter also referred to as "MoneyTips", "we", "our", and "us") collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") in regards to MoneyTips' website located at MoneyTips.com and affiliated subdomains and websites (including, without limitation, creditscards.moneytips.com and personal loans.moneytips.com) and related applications and platforms related thereto (together, collectively the "Services"). This Privacy Policy applies to this website and all products and services offered therefrom. By accessing or using the Services in any form or fashion, you acknowledge and agree to this Privacy Policy and also agree to the Terms of Use of the Services located at: **_<https://www.moneytips.com/terms>_**.

Our website is designed to collect and maintain sensitive personal information, including information about your financial accounts and credit history that we receive from you or third-party service providers. We are committed to the responsible stewardship of this information. This privacy notice is designed to explain how we collect, use and disclose personal information of prospective, current, and former customers. This notice also describes your privacy choices. Please take a moment to review this privacy policy and feel free to contact us with any questions using our contact form by clicking on the "Contact Us" links throughout our website.

A special note about our privacy policy: The provisions of this policy apply both to CURRENT and FORMER Members along with consumers who provide personal information on our sign-up pages but who do not complete their Membership application. If you have provided sign-up information, you may still opt-out of our use and sharing of your information using the links below, even if you are not registered for our service.

**1\. Third-Party Websites**

Via the Services, we feature a wide range of advertising and promotional displays and links to the websites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Services. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link on our website pages, is subject to that website's own terms and policies. When you access a linked site, you may be disclosing private information. It is your responsibility to keep such information private and confidential.

**2\. Personal Information**

We may collect personally identifiable information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available via our Services. We may require Users who use the Services to give us contact information, which may include but is not limited to the User's name, residential, business and/or mailing address, phone numbers, email address, and payment account information (collectively "Personal Information"). From time to time, we may also collect or ask for additional Personal Information including financial information concerning your creditors and financial accounts and related activities by you, and profile/membership information such as demographic information, credit, identity and other personal profile data that you provide about yourself when you visit our website, register, or use our Services, which will also be expressly included herein as Personal Information. You can opt out of providing this additional information by not entering it or not using the Services, although not providing it may hinder your ability to use the Services or certain features and tools of the Services. The following are examples of situations where we collect Personal Information from Users:

  1. _Survey Information_. Survey information is your voluntary submission of data to us to represent which will assist us in improving the experience for users of the Services.
  2. _Quote Information_. Quote information is for the purposes of providing consumers with quotes for services from service providers including but not limited to various mortgage loans, insurance products, credit card offers and other service offerings.
  3. _Membership or Registration_. To the extent registration is required to receive email and possibly postal communications from MoneyTips, this Privacy Policy also applies to consumers that have agreed to receive e-mail marketing from MoneyTips or its partners, whether via the Services or otherwise.
  4. " _Subscription_ " occurs when an end-user registers for the Services, via registration at our websites. MoneyTips collects personally identifiable information about our subscribers, based on: information gathered at the time of registration, subscriber interaction and response to subsequent electronic mailings and website use.
  5. _Requests for Assistance or Service_. When an individual requests assistance through MoneyTips' customer service department, and when an individual voluntarily subscribes to the Services or MoneyTips (or its affiliates') newsletters and publications.



**3\. Non-personally Identifiable Information**

We may collect non-personally identifiable information ("Non-Personal Information") about Users whenever they interact with our websites, web pages, applications or platforms. Non-Personal Information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to the Services, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. We may collect and share non-personal identification information to generate anonymized data and statistics about the behavior of Users of our websites, web pages, applications or platforms to analyze the usage of those websites, web pages, applications or platforms. We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Services. These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device as part of a web page/mobile application request, including the web pages you visit, your browser/device features, and other information that assists us in improving the Services. We collect and use this analytics information in aggregate form such that it cannot reasonably be manipulated to identify any particular User.

**4\. Automated Collection of Information**

MoneyTips may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you choose not to accept cookies, please note that some parts and tools of the Services may not function properly.

MoneyTips may use web beacons via the Services. A web beacon is programming code that can be used to display an image on a web page (by using a programming function), but can also be used to transfer an individual's unique user identification (often in the form of a cookie) to a database and associate the individual with previously acquired information about an individual in a database. This allows MoneyTips to track certain websites an individual visits online. Web beacons are used to determine products or services an individual may be interested in, and to track online behavioral habits for marketing purposes. MoneyTips also uses web beacons in email messages sent to individuals listed in our database.

MoneyTips uses a common technology known as a "Clear GIF" or "1-by-1 Pixel" on our websites and in e-mail communications with users. A Clear GIF or "graphic interface format" is a small graphic (in fact, truly a 1x1 pixel) that we (or our partners) place on a page of our websites. We may also occasionally place GIFs in e-mail messages that we send to users. GIFs, which do not contain any Personal Information of users, provide us with important information about how users use the Services and respond to e-mail messages. With this information, we are better able to track the performance of certain promotions and understand the effectiveness of particular creative Email presentations. We may also allow our advertisers and promotional partners the ability to use GIFs on our websites solely to track users who link from their respective websites to our websites, but this ability to track such activity does not allow these entities access to user's Personal Information.

MoneyTips tracks information related to the electronic mailings and web pages viewed by users and subscribers, as well as the hyperlinks clicked by subscribers, while viewing our emails or visiting our websites. Log files are used to track and monitor subscriber usage. We collect your IP (Internet Protocol) address to help diagnose problems with our server, to gather information on your proximity to improve your experience using the Services and to administer the Services. An IP address is a number that is assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. Your IP address is also used to help identify you during a particular session and to gather broad demographic data. MoneyTips may receive information about individuals from Third Parties or from other sources of information outside of our websites including information located in public databases. The use of technology on the Internet, including cookies and web beacons, is rapidly evolving, as is MoneyTips' use of new and evolving technology. As a result, MoneyTips strongly encourages individuals to revisit this policy for any updates regarding its use of technology.

California Disclosure re: Do Not Track Signals from Web Browsers and Mobile Devices: Our websites are not presently configured to support Do Not Track ("DNT") signals from web browsers or mobile devices.

**5\. How We Use Collected Information**

The primary reasons we collect personal information are to (1) enroll you in our Membership program, (2) provide products and services that you have requested and (3) promote products and services to you. In particular, MoneyTips may collect and use User's Personal Information for the following purposes:

  1. _To improve User assistance_. Information you provide helps us respond to your queries more efficiently.
  2. _To personalize User experience_. We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided via the Services.
  3. _To improve our Services_. We may use feedback you provide to provide, maintain, and improve our services as we deem appropriate in our sole discretion and to provide the Service, and to provide any other services that you and MoneyTips agree to.
  4. _To run a promotion, contest, survey or other features of the Services_. To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.



We may also use the information to contact you to further discuss interest in us, the goods and services that we provide or promote, and to send information regarding our company or partners, such as promotions and events. You may be invited to receive an email newsletter or other correspondence by providing an email address. Your email address and any Personal Information will not be distributed or shared with third parties unless it is to transact such business as you have contracted us to do, to comply with any legal processes and/or law enforcement requests, or in order to conduct any business as we, in our sole subjective discretion, deem reasonable. We may also email (or send via other methods) information regarding updates to the Services or MoneyTips, and may send a newsletter, or other correspondence.

We may use the email address to respond to User inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. Even if you are removed from any such list, if you use the Service, you will continue to receive email correspondence from MoneyTips related to the Service. Any opt-out by you is not deemed valid until processed by MoneyTips. It is your obligation to verify that you have been opted-out. MoneyTips shall not be liable for problems with the opt-out procedures.

For personal data that is subject to General Data Protective Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”), we rely on several legal bases to use and process your personal data, which include (i) when you have given consent, which you may withdraw at any time by accessing your Account settings; (ii) when data processing is necessary to perform a contract with you, such as the Terms and Conditions , and (iii) our legitimate business interests, such as improving and personalizing the Services, marketing new features or products that may be ofinterest to you, and promoting safety and security of the Service and our Customers.

**6\. How We Protect Your Information**

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our websites.

Sensitive and private data exchange between our websites and Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.

However, please note that data that is transported over an open network, such as the Internet or e-mail, may be accessible to anybody. We cannot guarantee the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted via such open networks. When disclosing any personal information via an open network, you should remain mindful of the fact that it is potentially accessible to others, and consequently, can be collected and used by others without your consent. In particular, while individual data packets are often encrypted, the names of the sender and recipient are not. A third party may therefore be able to trace an existing bank account or relationship or one that is subsequently created. Even if both the sender and recipient are located in the same country, data may also be transmitted via such networks to other countries regularly and without controls, including to countries that do not afford the same level of data protection as your country of domicile.

Your data may be lost during transmission or may be accessed by unauthorized parties. We do not accept any liability for direct or indirect losses as regards the security of your Personal Information or data during its transfer via Internet. Please use other means of communication if you think this is necessary or prudent for security reasons.

**7\. Sharing Your Personal Information**

We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. In addition to the use of information described above, MoneyTips reserves the right to disclose information provided by Users (including Personal Information) as follows:

  1. _Marketing and Order Fulfillment_. MoneyTips will transfer user information (including Personal Information) to Third Parties when necessary to provide a product or service that the User orders or requests from such Third Party while using the Services or Third-Party sites, (including, for example, when completing a Quote Information request or when responding to offers provided by the Services). MoneyTips may also use a Third Party to provide you with information regarding the Services or to provide you with Third-party services and information which you have requested. All Third Parties associated with MoneyTips have entered into an agreement with us and are required to comply with all state and federal privacy regulations. By submitting a Quote Information request or responding to offers provided by the Services, you understand that Third Parties may contact you by telephone (on a recorded line), automated calling, mobile phone, SMS, email, or home mail delivery based on the information you provided to the site in order to process and fulfill your request, even if you have opted into the National Do Not Call List administered by the Federal Trade Commission, any state equivalent Do Not Call list or the Do Not Call List of any internal company. If one of MoneyTips' Third Party partners contacts you and you do not wish to be contacted again by that Third Party with respect to your inquiry, then you should specifically make a request to that Third Party not to contact you again. Please note that the Third Parties may maintain the information you provided whether you elect to use their services.
  2. _Disclosure By Law_. You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law, at the request of a third party, or if we, in our sole discretion, believe that disclosure is reasonable to (1) comply with the law, requests or orders from law enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law); or (2) protect or defend MoneyTips', or a third party's, rights or property.
  3. _Disclosure to Third Party Service Providers_. We may share your information with third-party service providers to perform functions on our behalf. For example, outsourced customer care agents or technology assistants may need access to your information to perform services for you. Your information will be treated as private and confidential by such service providers and not used for any other purpose than we authorize.
  4. _Data/Information Transfer As a Result of Sale/Disposition/Restructuring of Business_. In the event that MoneyTips is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, MoneyTips reserves the right to sell or transfer User information (including Personal Information) as part of any such transaction. To the maximum extent allowable by law, the Privacy Policy will apply to the User information as transferred to the successor entity. However, User information submitted after a transfer to a successor entity may be subject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.
  5. _Updating/Correcting Personal Information:_   
If you are a Member, please login to our website at moneytips.com, login and click on Account. If you are not a Member, please send a request to us at 11801 Mississippi Ave., Suite 100, Los Angeles, CA 90025. A representative will be happy to assist you.



**8.**

 __

 **Your Choices on Sharing of Information** :.  
You have choices with regard to marketing communications and data sharing. Regardless of how you access our services, you can opt-out of receiving marketing communication from us (and our joint marketing partners) or from our sharing your personal information with third parties for their own marketing by contacting us at: unsubscribe@MoneyTips.com. 

You may opt-out of receiving promotional telephone calls from us by asking the operator to place you on our do not call list or by informing Customer Service that you wish to opt out of telemarketing calls. When contacting Customer Service, please provide your complete name, address and telephone number and send an email to customercare@moneytips.com. Also, you may opt-out of email marketing, by following the opt-out instructions included in every commercial email we send. You may also opt out by contacting Customer Service with your name and email address. 

Please note that we may continue to communicate with you regarding your Membership and Actions you take.

If you live in the European Economic Area, United Kingdom, and Switzerland (“Designated Region”), you have several legal rights regarding your information as discussed below.

Accessing Data.You may access your personal information by signing into your account.From there you can correct or modify your information.

Exporting Data.If you live in the Designated Region, by logging into your account, you may access your personal information and you can also download your personal information in a common file format.

Deleting Data.If you live in the Designated Region, you can change or delete your personal information in your account settings.Additionally, you may delete your account if you wish.We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your requests for deletion, but certain information will actively persist on the Site even if you close your account, including messages you posted on our Service.In addition, personal information may remain in our archives and information you update or delete, or information within a closed account, may persist internally for our administrative purposes, legal compliance reasons, to the extent permitted by law.In addition, we typically do not remove information you posted publicly through or on our Service.

Objecting or Restricting Data Use.In your account settings, you have options to control our use of your data.You may limit how your information is visible to other users or made publicly available; and limit the notifications or emails you receive from us.Please note that should you opt-out of receiving notifications or emails from us, you will still receive administrative messages from us.If you are receiving texts sent via the Service and you wish to opt out, reply STOP to any such message, or send an email with your cell phone number and the subject line “Opt-Out” to **_[customercare@moneytips.com](mailto:customercare@moneytips.com)_**.

If you live in a Designated Region, you have the right to object to our processing of your information based on our legitimate interests and the right to object to the use of your information for direct marketing purposes.You may control our marketing communications to you by accessing your account settings.Additionally, you should review our “How We Use Collected Information” section for your options to control how we use cookies and other technologies for advertising.Please note that you can delete your account at any time if you do not want us to use or process your information.

**9.Data Retention**

We keep your information, such as your name, email address and phone number for as long as you keep your account in existence.In some instances, we will delete the information you provide to us after it is no longer needed.We also keep information about you and your use of the Service for long as it is necessary for our legitimate business interests, for legal reasons, and to prevent harm to you, any third party, or us.

**10\. For Users in California Only**

Companies that collect personally identifiable information ("PII") from California residents and disclose such information to Third Parties (including affiliated entities) for marketing purposes must, in response to a request by a consumer, either (1) provide a list detailing the categories of information shared and the entities to which such information was provided, or (2) provide a mechanism by which a consumer may opt-out of having their information shared with Third Parties. We have elected the second option and you may request that your PII not be shared with Third Parties by sending your request, including your full name, email address and postal address to: customercare@MoneyTips.com or by mail to California Privacy Information c/o MoneyTips, 11801 Mississippi Ave., Suite 100, Los Angeles, CA 90025. In accordance with California Civil Code Sec. 1789.3, California resident users are entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, CA 95814; or by phone at 916-445-1254 or 800-952-5210; or by email to dca@dca.ca.gov.

**11\. For Users Outside of the United States Only**

The Services are hosted on servers located in the United States. If you are a user accessing the Services from the European Union, Australia, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, you are transferring your personal data to the United States which may not have the same data protection laws as such other regions. By providing user information through the Services, you are consenting to the transfer of your information to the United States for processing and maintenance in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. You are also consenting to the application of United States law in all matters concerning the Services.

**12\. Advertising**

Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non-personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

**13\. Minors**

We do not knowingly allow any users under the age of eighteen (18) to use or otherwise access the Services or our websites. We do not seek any personal information (or any information at all) from any persons under 18 years old. Because we do not intentionally collect any information from children under the age of 18, we also do not knowingly share or disclose such information to third parties. If you are under 18 years old, you may not use the Services. If you have reason to believe that a child under 18 years of age has provided us with information, please contact us at **_[customercare@moneytips.com](mailto:customercare@moneytips.com)_**.

**15\. Changes to this Privacy Policy**

As our business changes, we may need to revise our privacy practices. If we make any material changes to this privacy notice, we will notify all of our Members (and former Members or non-Members, if affected by the change) and provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of having your information handled in accordance with the new policy.

Except as so provided, MoneyTips reserves the right to modify the Privacy Policy and any element thereof, without notice to you. You should periodically review this page for changes, as some changes may directly impact the way you use the Services. The date of the current version of this Privacy Policy is noted above. Your use of the Services following any modification to this Privacy Policy shall be deemed to be your assent to any such modifications. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

**16\. Your Acceptance of this Privacy Policy**

By using the Services, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Services. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

**17\. Legal Disclaimer**

This website operates "AS-IS" and "AS-AVAILABLE," without warranties of any other kind. We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding conflicts of law principles. Any legal actions against us arising out of or related to the Services are subject to the Dispute Resolution provisions in Section 16 in the Terms of Use.

**18\. Questions & Contact Information**

This Privacy Policy is part of the Terms of Use and the Services and any use of the Services is governed by those Terms of Use. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please visit the FAQ section of the site. All other questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, our Services or its contents should be directed to Customer Care via direct mail at 11801 Mississippi Ave., Suite 100, Los Angeles, CA 90025, via email at **_[customercare@moneytips.com](mailto:customercare@moneytips.com)_** , or by calling us at (800) 707-2292.
