> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the montiera.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140621121810id_/http%3A//montiera.com/PrivacyPolicy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Montiera

**General**

We at Montiera Ltd ("Montiera") hold the privacy of our users dearly. This privacy policy covers all of Montiera's propriety software, technology, services and the Montiera website (www.montiera.com). Montiera also operates a technology platform (the “Platform”) that provides to publishers browser toolbars and other products that display contextual advertising on websites across the web (Montiera's propriety software, technology, services, Montiera's website and the Platform shall be referred to, collectively, as the "Products"). This document describes the privacy practices pertaining to the Products, how such Products gather information from users, how they use that information, and what Montiera dose to protect the information collected by the Products. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to Montiera's Terms of Use. 

**Age Restrictions**

Please note that: (1) you MUST be 13 years or older to install or to use any of the Products. If you are not yet 13, do not download or use any of Montiera's Products; (2) None of the Products is intended for use by or be available to persons under the age limit of any jurisdiction which restricts the use of Internet-based applications and services according to age. IF YOU RESIDE IN SUCH A JURISDICTION AND ARE UNDER THAT JURISDICTION'S AGE LIMIT FOR USING INTERNET-BASED APPLICATIONS OR SERVICES, YOU MAY NOT DOWNLOAD, INSTALL OR USE ANY OF THE PRODUCTS AND YOU MAY NOT ACCESS ANY SERVICE RELATED TO SUCH PRODUCTS. 

**Security and Risks**

MONTEIRA IS TAKING REASONABLE MESURES IN ATEMPT TO KEEP THE PRODUCTS SECURE. HOWEVER, LIKE ALL OTHER INTERNET SOFTWARE PROVIDERS, THE PRODUCTS MAY STILL BE VULNERABLE TO VARIOUS SECURITY ISSUES AND FOR THAT REASON, SHOULD NOT BE CONSIDERED SECURE. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO BE SUBJECTED TO THESE RISKS, YOU ARE ADVISED NOT TO USE THE PRODCUTS. 

**Cookies**

Certain Products also use "cookies" or other anonymous identifier files. A cookie or anonymous identifier file is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website or otherwise use certain Products. We use the cookies to store a code designating a distribution source for the Products. This information enables us to compensate third parties who distribute our Products and to analyze retention and usage on an aggregated basis. The Products also use cookies to store user preferences. We do not use cookies to track your use of the Internet in any other way or to store any personally-identifiable information, and we do not disclose cookie information to third parties, except as may be required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant, statute, subpoena, or court order or to protect someone's safety. If you don't want Montiera to send or store cookies or anonymous identifier files on your computer, you should uninstall the Products from your computer as described below. 

**Information Gathering**

We do not collect personal identification information including names, phone numbers and addresses. We do collect information necessary to enable certain features of the Products. We do not sell, rent or trade any personally identifiable information you provide when using the Products. We gather certain information such as internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, referring page, date/time stamp and cookies automatically. We use such information to analyze trends, to administer the Products, to track users' movements around website and to gather demographic information to better provide our services including provisioning of contextual advertising services based on the content of the webpage you visit. Some of the Products contain search related features. Such features and the information gathered in connection with search actions and our usage of such information are described below. Some of our Products contain a component that displays contextual advertisements based on the content of the webpage that you visit. The information gather by such component and our usage of such information are described below. If any of the Products is ever sold or all or substantially all of the assets relating to a Product or Montiera are transferred to another entity, we may transfer all information provided by or collected from you, including personally identifiable information, in order to ensure continuity of your service. 

**Information Usage**

All search activity information is researched and evaluated only on an aggregated basis (except in response to a customer service inquiry or legal process), and we do not disclose any non-aggregated information to third parties, except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant, statute, subpoena, or court order, or to protect someone's safety. Montiera constantly follows activity and usage of the Products. By analyzing the aggregated information on usage of the Products, Montiera can improve the Products and offer you better service. Montiera reserves the right to disclose any information it deems necessary to (i) ensure your compliance with this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use; (ii) satisfy any applicable law, regulation or legal process; or (iii) protect the rights, property, and interests of Montiera, its employees, third parties or the public. Montiera also reserves the right to edit, refuse to transfer or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Montiera's sole discretion. 

**Search Features of the Toolbar and Related Information**

UPON INSTALLATION, of a toolbar developed by Montiera, such toolbar will be added to your Internet browser. The toolbar features, widgets and controls are determined by the publisher that distributes the toolbar. The toolbar also provides you with a search box, and easy access to powerful Web search directly from your browser. A toolbar installed on an Internet Explorer browser can be minimized by right clicking the toolbar and selecting it. In addition, the toolbar may include the Montiera Search Assistance feature, which provides you with relevant search results when you place a search query in the browser address bar (as described above under Search Assistance). When a user uses one of Montiera search feature to search the Web, the query reaches the publisher servers. As all standard Web pages, besides the keyword query, it includes information such as IP address, default language setting, browser type, and an anonymous unique ID. Montiera uses this information in order to appropriately process your search request and to serve you relevant and better search results. The toolbar sends a configuration request when you start your browser. This request includes only data such as browser type & IP address. In addition, occasionally the Products may send a request to our servers to check for new version releases. All information collected by the Products is kept strictly anonymous, is non-personally identifiable, and is used only for purposes of delivering better search services and content in accordance with your preferences. Importantly, all collected information of search queries are recorded on a non-personally identifiable basis and kept strictly anonymous. 

**Information Shared with Third parties and Third Party Content and Services**

Montiera is working in cooperation with third party companies for the purposes of distributing the Products, providing advertising services through the Products and for other purposes relating to the administration, operation and commercialization of the Products (such third party companies are referred to as "Partners"). Montiera will not share personally identifiable information with any Partner. Montiera may share aggregate non personally identifiable information with Partners, including, without limitation, for the purposes of enabling the Partners to deliver advertising services in or through the Products and for determining the compensation due to such Partners and/or Monteria in connection with the Products. The Products may display advertisements and special offers from our Partners. The list of such Partners and the links to their privacy policies can be found [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20140621121810id_/http%3A//montiera.com/thirdParty.htm). You may get further information regarding the Partners by contacting us at [Info@montiera.com](mailto:Info@montiera.com). You will always have the opportunity at any given time to opt-out from getting these services and cancel them as described below. 

**OPT-OUT**

At any given time, every user has the right to uninstall any of the Products or choose to disable some or all of services provided through such Products. These services include the toolbar platform and contextual advertising components. For assistance and more information about opting out please read Montiera’s FAQ. 

**Notification Of changes**

Montiera will occasionally update this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. When such changes take place, we will also revise the "Effective Date" of the Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. We will provide a notice of material changes to this Privacy Policy and/or the Terms of User by placing a prominent notice on our Web site. Montiera encourages you to periodically review this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. 

**Legal Disclaimer**

We will disclose information, including personally identifiable information, data acquired by cookies, and other data, where required by a subpoena, interception order or other lawful process. We also reserve the right to disclose such information when we believe, in our sole judgment and to the extent consistent with applicable law, that such disclosure is necessary to protect the rights or safety of others or to enforce, or protect our rights under, the Terms of User and/or this Privacy Policy. 

**Contact Us**

In order to get more information about our privacy policy and/or any requests you as a customer of ours have please contact us to the following: [Privacy@montiera.com](mailto:Privacy@montiera.com). 
