> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ual.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030622045323id_/http%3A//www.ual.com/page/article/0%2C1360%2C1002%2C00.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# united.com - Privacy Policy

| | Quick links:  
---|---  
|  [ Shop for flights](https://web.archive.org/link/0,1394,600,00.html?navSource=QuickLinks&linkTitle=Shop+for+flights)  
|  [ Special deals](https://web.archive.org/link/0,1394,601,00.html?navSource=QuickLinks&linkTitle=Special+deals)  
|  [ Vacation packages](https://web.archive.org/page/article/0,1360,1028,00.html?navSource=QuickLinks&linkTitle=Vacation+packages)  
|  [ Mileage summary](https://web.archive.org/link/0,1394,3120,00.html?navSource=QuickLinks&linkTitle=Mileage+summary)  
|  [ Customer support](https://web.archive.org/page/article/0,1360,1277,00.html?navSource=QuickLinks&linkTitle=Customer+support)  
  
| 

**Your Privacy Is Important To Us**   
We want you to know that when you use our united.com Internet Web site, your personally identifiable information will be respected and protected. The following are guidelines for protecting the information you provide us during a visit to the united.com site. **Mileage Plus® Information**   
When you enroll in Mileage Plus on this site, or if you are already a Mileage Plus member, we collect specific information such as your name, address, phone numbers, email address, Mileage Plus number, password and a password reminder. This information is used to enroll you in [Mileage Plus](https://web.archive.org/page/middlepage/0,,1136,00.html) and ensure that you receive applicable mileage credit for online travel purchases for participating flights and other Mileage Plus participating vendor (partner) activities. This information is also used to communicate with you on your Mileage Plus account status and notify you of any special promotions for which you might be eligible. On occasion, we may provide customer mailing list and email addresses to reputable, carefully-screened Mileage Plus partners or companies whose services or products may be of interest to you. (You may unsubscribe by Opting-Out.) Sharing of customer lists may also provide you with the opportunity to earn bonus miles for non-flight activity. We require strict contractual obligations from these third parties to ensure safeguards for the privacy and security of the information. **Traveler's Profile Information**   
When you enroll in Mileage Plus on united.com or activate your Mileage Plus account on united.com, a traveler profile can be created for your convenience. You are not required to complete a profile to use united.com for your reservations. However, a completed profile will allow you to complete a reservation more quickly in the future. We use this information to perform a number of functions including 1) pre-filling certain data fields to eliminate you from having to type the same information multiple times 2) performing certain booking functions, 3) billing you for your reservation, 4) sending you offers that may be of value to you (You may unsubscribe by Opting-Out.) and 5) notifying you of a flight change, reservation confirmation or a special fare offering. In order to complete your Traveler's Profile, the following information is requested: credit card type, number, expiration date and billing address, telephone numbers, email addresses, general requests or special needs, travel preferences and loyalty program information. **Online Purchases**   
When you purchase travel services on united.com, we provide information about you to the airline, car rental agency, hotel, travel agency or other contracted third party to ensure the successful fulfillment of your travel arrangements. As an added service, your purchase behavior may also be analyzed to identify and present offers that may be of interest to you. (You may unsubscribe by Opting-Out.) **Guest Login**   
It's not required that you be a Mileage Plus member, activate your Mileage Plus account on united.com or complete a traveler's profile in order to make reservations on united.com. However, Mileage Plus membership and a traveler's profile will allow you to complete a reservation more quickly and give you online access to your Mileage Plus account information, past transactions, and special services. If you purchase as a guest, information such as billing , contact and preferences will be collected in order to execute the transaction but will not be retained on united.com. **Online Surveys**   
We value the opinions of our customers and want to improve your travel experience and our service offerings; therefore, from time to time, we will conduct research surveys. We may also contract with third parties to perform the research, but the use of the customer data by that third party is limited solely to that survey initiative and is protected by a confidentiality agreement. **Promotions**   
We occasionally sponsor promotions to give members the opportunity to win various prizes. Information collected by united.com for promotions can include contact information, such as email address, and survey questions. Generally, unless otherwise stated in the promotion or survey, contact information is used to notify promotion winners and survey information and survey results are used to develop improved promotions and other service enhancements. **Emails**   
We use email addresses to deliver information relevant to our customers, such as fare specials, reservation confirmations, surveys, account information and notification services. As with information collected in conjunction with registration or purchases on united.com, email addresses may be shared with third parties for the purpose of providing you with information or promotional opportunities that may be of interest to you. You always have the option of opting out of emails as described below under Opting-Out. **Flight status alerts/Wireless Services**   
Our customers can register for Flight status alerts and other wireless services by providing basic flight information and other relevant information. Wherever possible information already provided will be used for the delivery of these services. Participation in Flight status alerts and other wireless services is optional. **Cookies**   
Cookies are small bits of information that are stored on your computer hard drive by your web browser. Cookies help establish a user session and allow our server to correctly provide site users with the appropriate information, advertisements and services. We also use cookies to ensure you obtain the information you request and to authenticate your authority to access the site. If you are a registered user on our site and you elect to have the site store your Mileage Plus number, the cookie stored on your computer will contain your Mileage Plus number. We also use cookies to track the usage of united.com in order to improve the site according to our customers' needs. In addition, United may use cookies when working with outside advertising companies to provide them information regarding use of the site or to serve you advertisements when you visit our site. These companies may use the non-personally identifiable information about your visit to provide goods and services of interest to you. Most people accept cookies but you can configure your browser to not accept cookies if you choose, however, if you disable your cookies and are a registered user, you will not have access to your personal information on the site such as your user profile, itineraries, award travel, upgrades and Mileage Plus summary information. Although you cannot log into the site as a registered user if your cookies are disabled, you can still purchase on the site by logging in as a guest. **Domain Names**   
In general, you can visit most parts of the united.com site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. Our web servers identify the domain names of visitors, but this is not captured as personally identifiable information. This information is aggregated to measure the number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed and similar site usage information in order to know how to improve the site's content. **Other Uses**   
United may disclose personal information if required to do so by law, court order, or as requested by a governmental or law enforcement authority, or in the good faith belief that disclosure is otherwise necessary or advisable. Situations may include: to perform, maintain or enforce contracts formed between United and its customers, to protect the rights or properties of United, its customers or others, or when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with or damage to our rights or properties, whether intentionally or otherwise, or when anyone else could be harmed by such activities. **Opting-Out  
** As a Mileage Plus member, united.com registered user or contest entrant, you will occasionally receive emails about fare sales, special offers, new services and other noteworthy news items. We hope you will find these updates interesting and informative. Of course, if you would rather not receive this information, you can go to united.com and update your [traveler's profile](https://web.archive.org/link/0,,501,00.html) accordingly. In addition, emails sent to you will also contain a message on how to opt out of that type of communication in the future. **Access  
** If you are registered at united.com, you can create, view or update your Traveler's Profile and Mileage Plus account by accessing them through the united.com web site [Log-in](https://web.archive.org/link/0,,501,00.html). **Consent  
** By using this web site, you agree to the collection and use, consistent with applicable laws, of information available on or through this site (including your personally identifying information) by United Airlines, its affiliates, partners, contractors and permitted agents. Should a change to our privacy policy occur, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the nature of the information we collect, how we use it, and the circumstances under which we disclose it. Unless otherwise required or permitted by applicable law, we do not intend to use your personally identifiable information collected through this site in ways not described here without first providing you the opportunity to opt-out of that use. **Internet Security  
** When you place orders to purchase services or access your Mileage Plus account information, we use secure servers to protect your personal information. Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software encrypts the personal information that is transmitted between you and united.com. **Other sites  
** This privacy policy covers only the united.com site, and does not cover any other site, including those related to this site such as unitedvacations.com, unitedcargo.com or the non U.S. united.com sites. While we make every effort to protect your information on united.com, we do not control the policies of other sites (including those we may link to). We have no control over other sites' privacy policies or use of any personal information you or others may share with them. Please do not assume that our Privacy Policy covers those other sites. **Customer Release of Personal Information  
** In order to protect your privacy and United's proprietary databases and systems, we recommend that you not share any of your personally identifiable information, such as Mileage Plus number or password, with any third-party information aggregators that would allow them access to sensitive account information. **Children  
** united.com is not intended to nor does it seek to receive information from children under the age of 13, however, due to the nature of our services, travel purchase information is collected without requiring the customer to disclose his or her age on this site. **How to contact us  
** If you have comments or questions about this Privacy Policy, please [e-mail us](https://web.archive.org/page/specialpage/1,,2076,00.html). Please reference this Privacy Policy in those communications.  
  


  
|  | 
