> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the uwishunu.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161106120429id_/http%3A//www.uwishunu.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Uwishunu - Philadelphia Blog About Things to Do, Events, Restaurants, Food, Nightlife and More

_Updated August 22, 2016_

**VISIT PHILADELPHIA® Privacy Policy**

The Greater Philadelphia Tourism Marketing Corporation d/b/a VISIT PHILADELPHIA, a Pennsylvania non-profit corporation (VISIT PHILADELPHIA, “we,” “us” or “our”) welcomes you. VISIT PHILADELPHIA maintains numerous websites (collectively, the “VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites”) in furtherance of its mission of promoting tourism in the Philadelphia region. Some of the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites include the following websites that are the property of VISIT PHILADELPHIA: [www.visitphilly.com](http://www.visitphilly.com/), [www.press.visitphilly.com](http://press.visitphilly.com/), [www.uwishunu.com](http://www.uwishunu.com/), [www.food.visitphilly.com](http://www.visitphilly.com/restaurants-dining/), [www.phillyhomegrown.com](http://www.phillyhomegrown.com/), [www.philly360.visitphilly.com](http://philly360.visitphilly.com/), [www.philly360.com](http://philly360.visitphilly.com/), [www.withart.visitphilly.com](http://withart.visitphilly.com/), [www.phillyphlash.com](http://www.visitphilly.com/tours/philadelphia/phlash/) and [philadelphia.travel](http://philadelphia.travel/). This VISIT PHILADELPHIA Online Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes the types of personal, financial and other information that we gather from visitors like you who use or access the web content, products, technology and services provided by VISIT PHILADELPHIA and available on the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites (collectively, the “VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services”) and how we use the information that we gather. Please carefully read the Privacy Policy before accessing the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services as it applies to all visitors, users, and any others who access the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services including you (each a “User”), and constitutes an agreement between you and VISIT PHILADELPHIA. By accessing the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services, you signify that you have read the Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by it and the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Terms of Use Agreement (“Terms”) available at www.visitphilly.com/terms-of-use, as well as any applicable laws and regulations. We may update the Privacy Policy from time to time. Each time you use any of the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services, the current version of the Privacy Policy will apply. Accordingly, when you use the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services, you should check the date of the Privacy Policy (which appears at the top) and review any changes. If you do not agree with the Privacy Policy, do not access or otherwise use the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services. Your continued use of the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. 

**Overview on Collection and Sharing of Information**

The Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to VISIT PHILADELPHIA through the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services. It does not apply to information that VISIT PHILADELPHIA may have obtained through other means, including but not limited to traditional mailing lists. VISIT PHILADELPHIA allows vendors to offer their services (each a “Vendor”) through the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites. Information that you provide to a Vendor is governed by that Vendor’s policies and procedures.

Information that we gather from Users falls into two broad categories: Personal Data and Aggregate Data.

**Collection and Sharing of Personal Data**

Personal Data is information that could reasonably be used to identify you, such as your name, address, email address, birth date, financial information, telephone number or any combination of the foregoing (“Personal Data”). We use Personal Data to provide you with VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services that you have requested. By voluntarily providing Personal Data, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Data in accordance with the Privacy Policy. If you do not wish to provide the requested Personal Data or if you do not agree to have us use the information for the purposes identified, it is your responsibility to decline to use of those VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services for which the Personal Data is sought. You can access and enjoy a wide range of VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services without providing us with any Personal Data. However, certain VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services do require that you provide some amount of Personal Data. As an example, Users who wish to use the Contact Us and Newsletter Sign-Up, participate in a contest or survey, create a User account, link to third party websites through the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services, and communicate with VISIT PHILADELPHIA via electronic mail, may be required to provide Personal Data. When you submit Personal Data to us, we may add it to our database. Personal Data may also be disclosed to VISIT PHILADELPHIA employees, independent contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services.

You can request to review, change, update or delete Personal Data that you have previously submitted to us. We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before we grant you access to your Personal Data and comply with your request. Please be aware that even after such a request is processed, VISIT PHILADELPHIA may, for a time, retain residual information about you in our backup and/or archival copies of our database. To review, change, update or delete Personal Data that you have previously submitted to us please contact: [questions@visitphilly.com](mailto:questions@visitphilly.com) to begin the process. 

**Collection and Sharing of Aggregate Data**

Aggregate Data is information that does not personally identify you such as frequency of visits to the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites, page views, VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services most frequently accessed, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, referrer addresses, where your computer is routing from, your browser type and version, or your operating system and platform (“Aggregate Data”). We use Aggregate Data to help us develop and improve the VISIT PHILADELPHIA™ Services overall.

Cookies. Cookies are pieces of information that websites transfer to your computer’s web browser for storage on your computer’s hard drive. VISIT PHILADELPHIA uses persistent cookies on the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites. A persistent cookie will remain on your hard drive even after you leave a given website and close your browser. When you return to the same website that placed the cookie on your hard drive, the website may then access the cookie.

VISIT PHILADELPHIA uses cookies for the purpose of distinguishing your browser as a previous visitor to the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites by tracking repeat visits to the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites by you through your IP address. VISIT PHILADELPHIA also uses cookies to identify which parts of the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites are most visited by you and how much time you spend in a particular part of the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites. The cookie is loaded on your browser during the initial visit to the VISIT PHILADELPHIA sites. The cookies VISIT PHILADELPHIA uses do not collect personally identifiable information from you such as names, addresses or email addresses. Only your IP address and a time stamp of your arrival are collected.

The information collected by VISIT PHILADELPHIA through cookies is used strictly for statistical analysis of usage trends related to the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites. VISIT PHILADELPHIA does not share, sell, transfer or provide any information collected through cookies to any third parties. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you turn off cookies or refuse them, you may not be able to use every portion of the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites.

_Pixel Tags_. We use third parties to measure ad performance. The third party may collect anonymous information about your use of the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services through the use of a technology device, commonly referred to as a pixel tag, which we place on various web pages within the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites. Pixel tags allow the third party to collect anonymous information. The third party reports the anonymous data that they collect on our behalf back to us, which we may link to your personally identifiable information. When we link this information, it is treated under the Privacy Policy as Personal Data. 

_Click-Throughs_. VISIT PHILADELPHIA or a third party authorized by VISIT PHILADELPHIA may send email messages which use a “click-through” text or graphic link that will take you to content on the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites. When you click on this link, you pass through our Email Marketing Service Provider’s server before arriving at the destination web page. If we use this feature, we will track click-through data to help determine our users’ interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked by using click-throughs, do not click text or graphic links in the email that is sent to or is received by you.

_Advertising_. The VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites may contain advertisements provided by third party advertisers (each an “Advertiser”). An Advertiser may place or utilize its own cookie on your browser, and may collect Aggregate Data about your visit to the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites, including but not limited to the number of times you viewed an advertisement. If an Advertiser requests that you provide any Personal Data, that Advertiser’s use and collection of the information will be governed by the Advertiser’s own privacy policy, and not our Privacy Policy. We recommend that you carefully review any Advertiser’s privacy policy before providing Personal Data.

**Opting Out of Certain Communications**

Users are given the choice to opt-out of certain optional communications from us and our affiliates and marketing partners. To “opt-out” you may send an opt-out request to us at [questions@visitphilly.com](mailto:questions@visitphilly.com) with the word “unsubscribe” in the email subject line. Users should specify whether they are seeking to opt-out of the visitphilly.com list or the VISIT PHILADELPHIA press distribution list in the body of the email and allow a reasonable amount of time for the opt-out request to be processed. Please be aware that your opt-out choice may mean that certain features and functions of the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services will no longer be available to you.

**Sharing, Selling and Trading Aggregate Data Collected Online With Third Parties**

VISIT PHILADELPHIA takes the privacy of our Users very seriously. We do not sell, rent or otherwise provide your Personal Data to third parties for marketing purposes without your prior consent. We may however sell, share or trade Aggregate Data to third parties.

Notice to California Residents: Your California Privacy Rights  
_Third Party Marketin_ g. If you are a California resident, you have the right to receive: a) information identifying all third-party companies to which we may have disclosed, within the past year, personal information pertaining to you for those companies’ direct marketing purposes; and b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. To obtain such information, please email your request to [questions@visitphilly.com](mailto:questions@visitphilly.com). 

_Do Not Track_. VISIT PHILADELPHIA does not track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. However, some third party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. Third parties that have content embedded on VISIT PHILADELPHIA’s Sites such as a social feature may set cookies on your browser or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited a specific VISIT PHILADELPHIA site from a certain IP address. Third parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from VISIT PHILADELPHIA’s Sites unless you provide it to them directly.

_Notice for Minors_. VISIT PHILADELPHIA offers interactive services which allow you to post content to share publicly or with friends. At any time you can delete or remove content you have posted using the deletion or removal options within our services. If you have questions about how to remove content in a specific service or if you would like additional assistance with deletion you can contact email us at [questions@visitphilly.com](mailto:questions@visitphilly.com). Although we offer deletion capability for our services, you should be aware that the removal of content may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information posted through the services. We reserve the right, but do not have the obligation to monitor or remove content that you post to the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services. 

**Disclosures**

It is possible that we may need to disclose Personal Data when required by law, such as responses to civil or criminal subpoenas, or other requests by law enforcement personnel, to establish or exercise our legal rights or, defend against legal claims and if in our judgment in such circumstances disclosure is required or appropriate.

We may also share Personal Data if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our Terms, or as otherwise required by law.

We may disclose your Personal Data and Aggregate Data to a third party as part of a reorganization or a sale of the assets of VISIT PHILADELPHIA. Any third party to which we transfer or sell VISIT PHILADELPHIA assets will have the right to continue to use the Personal Data and Aggregate Data that you provide to us, subject to this Privacy Policy as may be amended.

**Credit Card Information**

VISIT PHILADELPHIA does not collect credit card information from Users. However, if you choose to enter into a transaction with a Vendor, including but not limited to a hotel booking through JackRabbit/Book Direct Systems, you should be aware that the Vendor may request that you provide your credit card information. Such transactions do not take place on the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites and VISIT PHILADELPHIA is not responsible for the processing or security of such transactions.

**Children and Privacy**

We are concerned about the safety of children when they use the Internet, and understand that children may not understand all the provisions of our Privacy Policy or make informed decisions about the choices that are made available to adult Users of the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the sites their children visit. The VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services are not directed to children under the age of 13. If we learn that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data, we will comply with Children’s Online Privacy and Protection Act (“COPPA”) to delete the information or obtain verifiable parental consent in accordance with COPPA.

**International Transmission of Data**

The Internet is a global environment. Using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. This means that your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. By using VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services and/or communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree to our processing of your Personal Data in this manner, and agree to be bound by the applicable privacy laws that VISIT PHILADELPHIA is governed by as well as the jurisdiction and venue provisions of the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Terms.

**Links to Other Websites**

The VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services contain links to websites operated by other people or companies. The Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third party sites, which may have their own privacy policies or no privacy policy at all. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, VISIT PHILADELPHIA does not control the content of third party sites and takes no responsibility for their content. It should not be implied that VISIT PHILADELPHIA endorses or otherwise recommends such sites or the products or services offered or that VISIT PHILADELPHIA has any control over these party links. We do not assume responsibility or liability for any content, opinions, materials, or services available on them. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms of use of any third party sites or services before providing any of them with any of your personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies only to the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services.

_VISIT PHILADELPHIA Vendor Sites_. Sites hosted by Vendors may be accessed through the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services. In some cases, these sites may maintain the look and feel of the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites. Nonetheless they are governed by the Vendor’s policies and not those of VISIT PHILADELPHIA. It is your responsibility to review the relevant privacy policies prior to accessing the services available on such Vendors sites. Vendor sites that may maintain the look and feel of VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites are the following:

_JackRabbit/Book Direct Systems_. The Jack Rabbit/Book Direct hotel search form on www.visitphilly.com allows visitors to enter their travel dates and search for accommodations that have availability.  
When visitors are ready to make a reservation, they click a “Book Direct” button, which redirects them to the accommodation’s own website where they can enter credit card and finalize their reservation.  
The use of the accommodation’s website is governed by the accommodation’s privacy policy.  
_  
Greater Philadelphia Cultural Alliance_. When you view the events calendar on www.visitphilly.com, you will be transferred to the Greater Philadelphia Cultural Alliance website, which owns and operates phillyfunguide.com. It will appear as if you are still on the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Sites. Please review the Greater Philadelphia Cultural Alliance privacy policy prior to using any Greater Philadelphia Cultural Alliance services. The Greater Philadelphia Cultural Alliance privacy policy is available here: www.philaculture.org/privacy.

**Security**

VISIT PHILADELPHIA uses a variety of safeguards to protect your Personal Data. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot ensure or warrant its absolute security. Consequently, when you transmit your Personal Data to us, you do so at your own risk. We use physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards and other appropriate measures to protect your Personal Data against unauthorized access or use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss.

If you create a User account, your account information will be password protected. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your login information, password and to your computer. Be sure to log off from the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services when finished using a shared computer. We strongly request you not to communicate any confidential information to VISIT PHILADELPHIA through email or any other means.

If VISIT PHILADELPHIA learns of a security systems breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services or providing Personal Data to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security and privacy issues related to the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services. VISIT PHILADELPHIA will endeavor to provide notice to you of any security systems breach and efforts to restore the integrity of the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services in accordance with applicable law. If you become aware of any breach of data security or have any other questions about the security of the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services, please contact us at: [questions@visitphilly.com](mailto:questions@visitphilly.com).

**Changes to Privacy Policy**

VISIT PHILADELPHIA may update or make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. Please review it periodically. We may provide you additional notice of modification as appropriate, either through email or an updated “date,” on the Privacy Policy that we post on the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services. Your continued use of the VISIT PHILADELPHIA Services after any modification of the Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of these modifications. 

**Contact Us**

If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the information collection and dissemination practices of VISIT PHILADELPHIA, please contact us at: [questions@visitphilly.com](mailto:questions@visitphilly.com).
