> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the srax.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160512044732id_/http%3A//srax.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – SRAX

**SRAX Privacy and Cookie Policy**

We are firmly committed to privacy.  This is the Privacy Statement and it discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.  By accessing the Site, you accept this Privacy Statement and agree to the terms, conditions and notices contained or referenced herein.  We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Statement at any time without prior notice and such changes become effective once a revised Privacy Statement is posted on our Site.  Your continued use of our Site constitutes your acceptance of such changes.  Accordingly, you should review this Privacy Statement from time to time for changes.

The protection of your privacy is very important and we have adopted the following practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information.

We collect two types of information:  personally identifiable information (“PII”) and non-personally identifiable information that is also referred to as aggregate and anonymous data (“Non-PII”).

We use your IP address (the series of numbers associated with your individual computer) to help us maintain our Site, identify problems with our server, and to provide you with an enhanced experience.  We do use cookies (small pieces of removable data that is stored by the web browser on your computer, mobile phone or other device that identifies your computer, mobile phone, or other device when you visit our Site or use Service) for several reasons including, among other things, to identify traffic that comes through advertising, to facilitate a more user-friendly experience, to track aggregate usage patterns for analytics and troubleshooting purposes, to detect fraud, and to protect both you and us.

Cookies are small pieces of information that a web site places on your computer’s hard drive so we know it’s you when you visit.  For example, we may use cookies to store your login ID (but not your password) to make it easier for you to login whenever you come back to the Site.  This helps us to create a personalized experience for you when you visit our Site.  The use of cookies is a very common practice on the Internet and provides for a more customized user experience of the Site.  Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies.  If you are uncomfortable with this, you can disable all cookies through your browser settings.  However, should you choose to disable all cookies, this may impact or prevent your ability to access and use the Service.  You can manage many companies’ cookies used for online advertising at the US-based Network Advertising Initiative ([http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/)), or the EU-based IAB ([http://www.youronlinechoices.com](http://www.youronlinechoices.com/)).  Also, you can manage cookies in your web browser.

When you register on the Site you may be asked for some general identifying information that will enable us to provide you with the Service.  We may gather contact information such as your email address, and demographic information such as gender and age.

Your Non-PII may be used to personalize your experience, to compose your personal profile associated with an identity you have created, and to deliver targeted advertising and promotional offers to you that are of the highest relevance to your demographic profile.  We may share some of this information for our own analysis and research purposes with our professional advisors or consultants and third party partners.

The PII we collect from you may be used in the course of providing our service to you and to improve the content and functionality of our Site or customize the layout of our pages for each individual member.  We may use your contact information to send you newsletters, valuable updates and timely notices of promotions and mailbox status reports.  We may also use your PII to send electronic correspondence to you, for the purpose of informing you of changes or additions to the Service, or of any of our products and services.  The PII we collect is not released to any non-affiliated third party without your prior consent except as provided herein.

We may also disclose your PII to respond to law enforcement requests, or where required by applicable laws, court orders, or government regulations, or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our site, or to protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public.  Among other things, this means that if you provide false information, if you violate the Terms of Use, or if you attempt to pose as someone else, information about you may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions.

We may share our data, including PII about you, with our parent, subsidiary and other affiliated companies (each an “Affiliate”) that are committed to serving your online needs and related services.  To the extent that these Affiliates have access to your PII information, they will give such information at least the same level of protection and treat it at least as protectively as they give to treat information they obtain from their other users.  Our Affiliates will follow privacy practices no less protective of all users than our practices described in this document, to the extent allowed by applicable law.  It is possible that we or one or more of our Affiliates, or any combination of such, could merge with or be acquired by another business entity.  In connection with the due diligence review involving such a potential transaction, we may share some or all of your PII with potential acquirers, merger partners or investors, and their agents including professionals.  We would require that these third parties sign non-disclosure agreements and would endeavor to disclose as little PII as possible.  Should such a combination then in fact occur, you should expect that we would share some or all of your information in order to continue to provide the Service.

We may keep the information you have given us for at least as long as your registration stays active.  When accessing and updating your email notification preferences, personal information and public information you may have the opportunity to opt-out of certain communications and to modify personal information or demographic information you have provided to us by going to the relevant sections on your registration.  Please be aware that it may take several hours for any custom changes you make to take effect on the system.

Except as otherwise expressly described in this Privacy Statement, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you.  To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, whether they are on our Site, including links to third party sites, or on other sites throughout the Internet, different rules may apply to their use or disclosure of the information you disclose to them.  To the extent that we use third party advertisers or have third party e-commerce partners, they adhere to their own privacy policies.  Since we do not control the privacy policies of any third parties, you should investigate their policies before you disclose your personal information to them.

We treat data as an asset that must be protected against loss and unauthorized access.  To safeguard the confidentiality and security of your PII, we may use industry standard practices and technologies including but not limited to firewalls, encrypted transmission and data encryption of sensitive personal and/or financial information when it is stored to disk.  We will protect your information consistent with the principles of the Privacy Act of 1974, the E-Government Act of 2002, and the Federal Records Act.

We are committed to the protection of children’s online privacy. The Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act governs information gathered online from or about children under the age of 13.

Cookies help to make advertising more effective – and that is what keeps thousands of websites free of charge. Without cookies, it’s harder for advertisers to reach their audience, or to know how many ads were shown and how many clicks they received.

Many websites, such as news sites and blogs, show ads to their visitors. Working with our partners, we may use cookies for a number of purposes, such as to stop you seeing the same ad over and over again, to detect and stop click fraud, and to show ads that are likely to be more relevant, such as ads based on websites you have visited.

We may store a record of the ads we serve in our logs.  These server logs typically include your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. We may store this data for a number of reasons, the most important of which are to improve our services and to maintain the security of our systems. We may make this log data anonymous by removing part of the IP address and cookie information.

Advertising systems may use other technologies, including Flash and HTML5, for functions like display of interactive ad formats. We may use the IP address, for example, to identify your general location.  We may also select advertising based on information about your computer or device.

If you prefer we not use information based on online Site behavior to provide online and offline tailored content and advertising, you may opt out of online behavioral advertising. When you opt out, we will not use information based on online Site behavior to provide online and offline tailored content and advertising to you, but you may still receive untailored advertising from us. Opting out also means the online content and advertising you receive on our non-servicing sites (before you sign in) will be untailored and will not be based on your online behavior or your relationship with us. In order for this online behavioral advertising opt-out to work on your device, your browser must be set to accept cookies. If you delete cookies, buy a new device, access our Site from a different device, sign in under a different screen name or change web browsers, you will need to opt out again. If your browser has scripting disabled, you do not need to opt out, as online behavioral advertising technology does not work when scripting is disabled. Please check your browser’s security settings to validate whether scripting is active or disabled. To opt out, please notify us at advertiseroptions@socialreality.com.  The opt-out will take effect upon your next visit using the same device to the Site. You may also opt out of receiving behavioral ads from many sites through the Network Advertising Initiative’s Opt-Out Tool or other tools provided by the publishing platform.

We participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) self-regulatory program, using the Advertising Options Icon on our behavioral ads on third party sites (excluding ads appearing on platforms that do not accept the icon) and adheres to the DAA self-regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising. Anyone receiving a behavioral ad may click on the displayed icon to receive more information and can opt out at that time or by visiting the third party site’s privacy policy for an opt out mechanism.

To serve ads in services where cookie technology may not be available (for example, in mobile applications), we may use anonymous identifiers that perform similar functions to cookies. To change your preferences, or to opt out of interest-based ads, follow the instructions for your mobile device.

We welcome feedback if you have any questions regarding our Privacy Statement or the use of your information.  For additional information about our Privacy Statement, please contact us.
