> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the employethiopia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120523152919id_/http%3A//www.employethiopia.com/include/themes/nasthon1007/nas_static.php%3Fpage%3Dprivacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

Introduction   
employEthiopia respects each individual's right to personal privacy. We will collect and use information through our Web site only in the ways disclosed in this statement. This statement applies solely to information collected at employEthiopia’s Web site.   
Part I. Information Collection employEthiopia collects personally identifiable information through our "Sign Up" page as well as various other pages throughout the site. We collect the following primary information when new users create an account via our "Sign Up" page: Email address, First Name, Last Name, Zip code. We collect demographic data in order to understand where our product is being used. employEthiopia does not actively market to children, and we never knowingly ask a child under 14 to divulge personal information.   
Part II. Information Usage The information collected by employEthiopia will be used to help ensure the security of users’ data. Users, who provide information will be able to log in, logout, create employEthiopia Job alerts and resume, pass on postings to others and Apply to an employEthiopia posting that they have received.   
User Information. When you register for the Web Site, you will be asked to provide EmployEthiopia with certain information including, without limitation, a valid email address (your "Information"). In addition to the terms and conditions that may be set forth in any privacy policy on this Web Site, you understand and agree that EmployEthiopia may disclose to third parties, on an anonymous basis, certain aggregate information contained in your registration application. EmployEthiopia will not disclose to any third party your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number without your prior consent, except to the extent necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws or in legal proceedings where such information is relevant. EmployEthiopia reserves the right to offer third party services and products to you based on the preferences that you identify in your registration and at any time thereafter; such offers may be made by EmployEthiopia or by third parties. Please see EmployEthiopia's Privacy Policy for further details regarding your Information.   
Registration and Password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your information and password. You shall be responsible for all uses of your registration whether or not authorised by you. You agree to immediately notify EmployEthiopia of any unauthorised use of your registration or password. We do not share personally identifiable data with any third parties except when authorized by you and needed to complete your request. We offer links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on links to other Web sites, we encourage you to read their privacy policies. Their standards may differ from ours. We reserve the right to change our privacy policy without notice.   
Part III. Access to Information Users may access their own personal information via their personal account and contact us about inaccuracies they may find. Users may also change their personal information via their personal account.   
Part IV. Problem Resolution If problems arise, users may contact employEthiopia via email at jobinfo@employethiopia.com.   
Part V. Data Storage and Security employEthiopia protects user information with a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities. Questions or Comments If you have questions or comments about this privacy policy, please email us at: jobinfo@employethiopia.com employethiopia.com's Privacy policy - Overview This web site is operated by employEthiopia as described below. employEthiopia is committed to protecting the privacy of users. We strive to provide a safe and secure user experience. The aim of this Statement is to inform you how we will use any personal data which you provide through this web site. This Statement is aimed at job seekers and employers.   
employEthiopia complies with any local data protection legislation. This regulates the processing of information relating to you and grants you various rights in respect of your personal data. Our site contains links to other web sites over which we have no control. employEthiopia is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other web sites to which you choose to link from this site. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of those other web sites so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information.   
Collection and Retention of Information You do not have to give us any personal information in order to perform job searches from the homepage of employEthiopia. In some areas of our web site, employEthiopia requests that you provide personal data, including your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and other information from which your identity is noticeable. In other areas of our web site, employEthiopia collects or may collect demographic information that is not unique to you such as your postcode, age, gender and the types of work in which you are interested. Sometimes we collect or may collect a combination of the two types of information. Examples of areas on this site where we collect personal or combined personal and demographic data are pages where you can open on an employEthiopia account, sign up to use a service, or post a resume. In each case, it is indicated on the web site whether any data must be provided to use the required service or not.   
We also gather or may gather certain personal information about your use of our site, such as what areas you visit and what services you access. Moreover, there is information about your computer hardware and software that is or may be collected by employEthiopia. This information may include your IP address, access times and referring web site addresses, but is not linked to your personal information.   
If you use our facilities to build a CV to put in our database of jobseekers’ CVs, then you will be providing us with personal data which we will use in accordance with this Statement. We strongly suggest that your CV should not contain data relating to your (i) racial or ethnic origin (ii) political beliefs (iii) philosophical or religious beliefs (iv) membership of a trade union or political party (v) physical or mental health (vi) sexual life or (vii) the commission of criminal offences or proceedings. If your CV does contain such data, then you agree that we may retain this information and use it in accordance with this Statement.   
Use of Your Information by employEthiopia We use the information we gather on the web site whether personal, demographic, collective or technical, for the purposes of administering and managing your registration, responding to any queries you may have, operating and improving the web site, fostering a positive user experience and delivering the products and services that we offer to jobseekers and employers.   
If you have so agreed when registering with employEthiopia or subsequently or if permitted by applicable law, we may use your contact information in order to send you e-mail or other communications regarding updates at the web site, such as new employEthiopia opportunities and additional listings which may be of interest to you. In addition, at the time of registration for employEthiopia, you have the option to elect to receive additional communications, information and promotions including, without limitation, free informational newsletters from employEthiopia relating to topics that may be of special interest to you.   
We have an area where you can contact us and submit feedback. We may use such feedback (such as success stories) for promotional purposes or to contact you for further information.   
Disclosure of Information to Others We do not disclose to third parties your personal information, combined personal and demographic information or information about your use of the web site (such as the areas you visit or the services you access), except as set forth below.   
1\. We may disclose such information to third parties if you consent to such disclosure. For example, if you make your CV active (searchable) or if you did not make your personal and contact details anonymous, then all parties with access to our searchable CV database (or copies thereof) will have access to that database. You may make your CV suspended (unsearchable) at any time.   
2\. We may disclose such information if legally required to do so, if requested to do so by a governmental entity or regulatory authority or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect the rights or property of employEthiopia or its affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.   
CVs Since employEthiopia is a career site, we give you the option of putting your CV in our database. There are two ways of doing this:   
1\. You can store your CV in our database, but not allow it to be Active/searchable by potential employers. Not allowing your CV to be searchable (Suspend) means that you can use it to apply for a job online, but employers and recruiters will not have access to search it through our CV database product.   
2\. If you allow your CV to be searchable, then all parties with access to our searchable CV database (or copies thereof) will have access to your CV. You can also allow your CV to be searchable but make your contact details anonymous. However, you should be aware that in this situation if you have a rare skill, it may still be possible for a recruiter to identify you even without your contact details being included. If you are worried about being identified, you should not include specific skill or details by which you could be identified.   
We are not responsible for the use made of CVs by third parties who access such CVs while they are in our searchable database. You may suspend or remove your CV from our searchable database at any time. However, employers, recruiters and others who had access to that database or to obtain a copy of that database, as well as parties who have otherwise gained access to the database may have retained a copy of your CV in their own files or databases. We are not responsible for the retention, use or privacy of CVs or profiles in these instances.   
If you provide us with details of a referee, it is your responsibility to ensure that the person is aware that you have forwarded his/her details and has consented in writing for you to do so.   
You may access all your personal data stored and processed by employEthiopia and may correct, update or delete such information by editing your account details or contacting us at jobinfo@employethiopia.com   
Since we believe that managing your career is a life-long process, we retain all the information we gather about you in an effort to make your repeat use with us more efficient, practical and relevant until you change or remove your personal data as detailed above. Of course, you can correct or update your employEthiopia account profile and CV at any time. Moreover, you can delete your CV from employEthiopia's online database or close your employEthiopia account at any time. If you do this, we will remove all our copies of your CV or employEthiopia account profile information except for an archival copy retained indefinitely for audit and records purposes which is not accessible by you or third parties on the Internet.   
Security employEthiopia has implemented appropriate measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorised access, use, alteration or disclosure. Notwithstanding such measures, the Internet is an open system and we cannot guarantee that unauthorised third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes.   
If you have any questions please write us at jobinfo@employethiopia.com 
