> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the justmansbestfriendforlife.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180322224340id_/https%3A//justmansbestfriendforlife.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Just Man's Best Friend For Life

Last updates: October 15, 2014

Just Man’s Best Friend for Life cares about your privacy. We guarantee that the information we collect does not go beyond the capabilities of website’s services. Visiting our website means you accept the privacy policy detailed below:

**Personal Information we collect**

1\. Cookies

In order to improve user experience, we store cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser by default. By storing cookies, we will remember information about you.

If you don’t want us storing your cookies, you can disable them. Go to your browser’s tool bar, click Help, and follow the instructions on how to disable cookies or set the browser to notify you when you get a cookie.

2\. Others

We collect the IP address of the computer you use to access this website, as well as your email address, the web browser you use, your computer’s operating system, and the URL of websites you click to and from this website.

**How we use the information we collect**

  1. The information we collect will be used to improve our services to tailor to your unique needs.
  2. In the event of a lawful court order, we will disclose your account and other personal information. We will also release your info if it jeopardizes the life, safety and property of others. For fraud protection and credit risk reduction, we may also exchange info with other companies and organizations.



**Other websites**

Other websites are linked to and from this site. If you go to another website, we cannot guarantee your privacy because you will have to adhere to the privacy policy of that other website. We suggest you read their privacy policy to ensure that they don’t share your personally identifiable info with others.

**Contact Us**

Feel free to contact us at our support desk to learn more about our privacy policy or to access your personally identifiable stored in our website.
