> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the justice.gov.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111212032401id_/http%3A//www.justice.gov.uk/global/privacy/index.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

### General 

Our Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that you may provide via the Ministry of Justice's website. 

### Ways that we collect information 

The Ministry of Justice gathers information relating to site usage. Any information gathered is primarily for internal use to allow us to refine and improve our customer service. 

### Cookies 

Cookies are used on our site solely for the purpose of compiling web statistics. Cookies are pieces of data created when you visit a site, and contain a unique, anonymous number. They are stored in the cookie directory of your hard drive, and do not expire at the end of your session. Cookies used by the Ministry of Justice contain no personal information about the user, nor does our website elicit or store any information from users other than the Internet Protocol address of the computer used to access the site. Cookies on this site may safely be turned off by users without affecting how pages are displayed.

### Google Analytics 

This website also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ('Google'). Google Analytics uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.  


### Our obligations under the Data Protection Act 1998 

The processing of personal data is governed by the Data Protection Act 1998 (DPA), under which the Ministry of Justice is registered as a data controller. Personal data is data that relates to a living individual who can be identified from those data. It is necessary that we handle personal data so that we can provide services for you. 

In line with our obligations under the DPA we will: keep the personal data we hold up to date; store and destroy it securely; not collect or retain excessive amounts of data; and protect personal data from loss, misuse, and unauthorised access and disclosure. 

We may additionally need to disclose information to other organisations where there is a legitimate reason to do so. We will ensure that such disclosures are compliant with the Data Protection Act and any other relevant legislation. 

As a data subject you have the right to ask for a copy of personal data about you and to ask for inaccuracies to be corrected.  If you wish to request a copy of your personal data that the MOJ holds please write to:  


Data Access and Compliance Unit  
6.25,102 Petty France, London, SW1H 9AJ  
[Data.access@justice.gsi.gov.uk](mailto:Data.access@justice.gsi.gov.uk)

You need to enclose a description of the data and where in the department you believe it might be held, a copy of your photographic I.D., and the £10 fee (cheques made payable to HM Paymaster General).  

