> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the justonewayticket.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190422144558id_/https%3A//www.justonewayticket.com/j/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Lifestyle & Travel Blog

  


Cookies & 3rd Party Advertisements  
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html>

To make this site work properly, we sometimes place small data files called cookies on your device. A cookie is a small text file that a website saves on your computer or mobile device when you visit the site. It enables the website to remember your actions and preferences (such as login, language, font size and other display preferences) over a period of time, so you don’t have to keep re-entering them whenever you come back to the site or browse from one page to another. 

We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.>

You can control and/or delete cookies as you wish – for details, see aboutcookies.org. You can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. If you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.

  


## Important note concerning data processing in connection with Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Ireland Limited. If the responsible body for the data processing that occurs via this website has their basis outside of the European Economic area and Switzerland, then the associated Google Analytics data processing is carried out by Google LLC. Google Ireland Limited and Google LLC. will hereinafter be referred to as “Google”.

Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files saved on the site visitor’s computer, to help the website analyze their use of the site. The information generated by the cookie (including the truncated IP address) about the use of the website will normally be transmitted to and stored by Google.

Google Analytics is used exclusively with the extension "_anonymizeIp ()" on this website. This extension ensures an anonymization of the IP address by truncation and excludes a direct personal reference. Via this extension Google truncates the site visitor’s IP address within member states of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional situations will the site visitor’s full IP address be transmitted to Google servers in the United States and truncated there. The IP address, that is provided by the site visitor’s browser in using Google Analytics will not be merged by Google with other data from Google.

On behalf of the site operator, Google will use the information collected to evaluate the use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other website and internet related services to the site operator (Art. 6 (1)( f) GDPR). The legitimate interest in data processing lies in the optimization of this website, the analysis of the use of the website and the adaptation of the content. The interests of the users are adequately protected by the pseudonymization of their data.

Google LLC. has certified their compliance with the EU-U.S. [Privacy Shield](https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI) Framework and on that basis they provides a guarantee to comply with European data protection law. The data sent and linked to the Google Analytics cookies, e.g. user IDs or advertising IDs will be automatically deleted after 50 months. The deletion of data whose retention period has been reached is done automatically once a month.

The website visitor may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in their browser. The website visitor can also prevent Google from collecting information (including their IP address) via cookies and processing this information by downloading this browser plugin and installing it: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>

The website visitor can prevent data collection via Google Analytics on this website by clicking here. An "Opt-out Cookie" shall then be applied which shall prevent any future collection of the site visitors data when visiting this website.You have successfully opted out of being tracked by Google Analytics from this website.

Further information concerning data processing and use by Google, the settings and deactivation possibilities can be found in the Google Privacy Policy (<https://policies.google.com/privacy>) as well as in the Google Ads Settings (<https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated>).

  


## reCAPTCHA

We use the reCAPTCHA service provided by Google Inc. (Google) to protect your submissions via internet submission forms on this site. This plugin checks if you are a person in order to prevent certain website functions from being (ab)used by spam bots (particularly comments). This plugin query includes the sending of the IP address and possibly other data required by Google for the Google reCAPTCHA service. For this purpose your input will be communicated to and used by Google. However, your IP address is previously truncated by Google within member states of the European Union or in other states which are party to the agreement on the European Economic Area and is, as such, anonymized. Only in exceptional cases is a full IP address transmitted to a Google server in the United States and truncated there. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of this service. The IP address provided by reCaptcha from your browser shall not be merged with any other data from Google.  
This data collection is subject to the data protection regulations of Google (Google Inc.). For more information about Google's privacy policy, please visit: <https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en>  
By using the reCAPTCHA service, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

  

