> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the justkidcostumes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040606161840id_/http%3A//justkidcostumes.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Halloween Costumes for your Infant, Toddler, Kids and Children

**We take your Privacy & Security VERY Seriously!**

**Security**  
We understand that shopping online can feel risky and uncertain. Where does your information go? How can you be sure that someone out there with a computer can't intercept your credit card numbers? Because your credit card security is our highest priority, JustKidCostumes.com has taken several steps to ensure that your payment information is processed confidentially and accurately.

JustKidCostumes.com servers use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) issued by [Thawte](http://www.thawte.com/), an advanced encryption technology that works with Netscape Navigator (versions 2.0 and above), Microsoft Internet Explorer (version 3.0 and above), and AOL (AOL 3.0 and above). This encryption makes it absolutely impossible for unauthorized parties to read any information that you send us.

So, there's no risk! In fact, shopping online at JustKidCostumes.com is statistically safer than using your credit card at a restaurant or department store. Give it a try and see for yourself. We're sure you'll change your mind about the security of Internet shopping, and find yourself appreciating the fun and convenience of shopping at home. This site also has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We use a secure server for orders and any application type forms to protect your privacy. This information is not sold or given to any third parties.

**Privacy**  
JustKidCostumes.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.

**Personal Information**  
We only request personal information (such as your name, address, and e-mail address) if you choose to purchase one of our products. We do not request, collect or store personal information if you merely browse our Web site.

If you choose to purchase a product and supply the requested information, we never sell, trade, or otherwise share any of this information with any other company or organization.

Instead, the information you supply is used only for two purposes:

If you order with a credit card, your address information is supplied to your credit card company to verify that it matches the cardholder billing address.

If you sign up for one of our contest or mailing lists your email will be used to send you our weekly newsletter.  You may unsubscribe at any time by clicking on the remove me link included in every email.

**Cookies**  
Our secure ordering Web site uses "cookies". A cookie is a unique number generated by our server that allows us to track your progress from page to page as you order, and allows you to resume ordering where you left off if you are disconnected.

Cookies cannot be used to reference any personal information unless you supply it yourself by typing it, and cookies cannot track you once you leave the secure ordering section of our Web site.

You can use our secure Web site with cookies disabled in your browser if you wish, although you will have to start from scratch if you are disconnected while ordering.

**Encryption**  
In order to further protect customer information, certain forms on our web site are run on a secure server, utilizing encryption technology to safeguard all credit card transactions from unauthorized viewing. We use industry-standard SSL encryption issued by [Thawte](http://www.thawte.com/).

**Summary**  
These measures, along with our belief that it is up to the individual to determine who receives and what may be done with their personal information, ensure that any information submitted on our site will be kept confidential.

Questions, Suggestions, Comments - We love to hear from our customers and we want to provide you with the best service possible.

Our goal, mission and policy, is to provide you with the best products, at a great price and to offer you a secure, private - yet easy and positive shopping experience.

Thank you again for your interest and your business. We hope to hear from you soon - The JustKidCostumes.com Team!  

