> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the justgoneviral.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160315214703id_/http%3A//justgoneviral.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Just Gone Viral

**Privacy Statement**  
JustGoneViral guarantee we will not sell, trade or share your information with any other individual or entity. We respect the privacy of all our visitors and will do everything within our power to protect your name and email address. JustGoneViral uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads to support the site. Some of these companies may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on this site to collect some non-personal information (such as your IP address and what web browser you use). This is done for the sole purpose of helping them improve ad targeting (for example, showing ads for sports equipment to a sports enthusiast). Specifically, Google’s use of the **Doubleclick DART cookie** enables them to serve ads based on your visit to this site and other sites on the Internet ([Google allows you to opt out here](https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads/authenticated)). You can also choose to turn off cookies in your browser settings. However, bare in mind that doing so will most likely affect your ability to use JustGoneViral as well as many other websites. We partner with a limited number of behavioural advertising companies to serve ads and/or collect certain information when you visit our websites. Behavioural advertising companies may use cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information [what your search for] during your visit to this website in order to help show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you. To learn more about this ‘behavioural advertising’ practice or to opt-out of this use of your anonymous information, you can visit the Network Advertising initiative’s opt out link to http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.  
**Links to other websites**  
Our website may contain links to enable you to visit other websites of interest easily. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.  
Contact US if you have any questions. Thank you!
