> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the justfab.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606165430id_/https%3A//www.justfab.co.uk/privacy_policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | JustFab

This privacy policy addresses the use of information we collect from you. By visiting www.JustFab.co.uk (this "Website"), or providing your information to us, you agree to accept the practices described in this privacy policy.

## 1\. Controller

The Controller for the collecting, processing and using of personal data on www.justfab.co.uk (“Website” or “our Website”) is: 

JUSTFAB (UK) Ltd, a TechStyle Fashion Group company  
38 St Martin’s Lane  
London, WC2N 4ER  
Email: support@justfab.co.uk

## 2\. Use of JustFab

**2.1.**  
As a visitor without a JustFab membership: By visiting a website, log files are sent from your browser to the respective website to enable the transfer of information. 

**2.2.**  
As a JustFab member: We install password-protected direct access to your member account. Your personal information will be collected on a secure server by using a coding system called Secure Socket Layer (SSL). The collected data is kept secure from any potential abuse to the best of our ability and we do our utmost to provide a high level of security. Handle your account details with care – do not share it with anyone else. Always remember to log out completely when using computers with public access. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account.

## 3\. Collecting, processing and using of personal data

**3.1.**  
Personal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, such as name, birth date, bank account details.

**3.2.**  
We collect, process and store your personal data for the purposes of maintaining your membership and purchases at JustFab, as well as providing you with more rewarding services and customer experiences (see para. 4) .

**3.3.**  
Without your explicit permission, we only disclose your personal data to third parties to fulfil our contractual obligations (e.g. delivery of our products by transport and logistics companies) and for accounting purposes (e.g. bank and department collection companies). These service providers explicitly use your data only for the purpose of the contract.

**3.4.**  
Where the legitimate purpose of the data processing becomes void or where the applicable data law requires, your personal data will be deleted accordingly. 

I hereby give my permission to JustFab to collect, process and use my personal data in accordance to this privacy policy. 

## 4\. Email Newsletters

With your prior consent, we collect and process your email address for the purpose of sending you email newsletters. You can unsubscribe at any time by clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ link in any email newsletter or by visiting your Account on the Website to manage your Email Preferences.

## 5\. Cookies

**5.1.What are cookies?**  
Cookies and flash cookies (“Cookies”) are pieces of data that are used in network communication storing certain information needed when navigating with your browser. “Session Cookies” identify a session and are deleted after closing the session and “Permanent Cookies” permanently store browsing history on your data medium.

You may remove browsing history data or stop it from being collected (see para. 5.4).

**5.2. What kind of Cookies do we use?**  
JustFab uses Session Cookies and Permanent Cookies. The cookies are necessary for easy and convenient navigation of our Website. Session Cookies help us update your shopping bag according to your wishes during your visit on our Website and the Permanent Cookies help us display products which you may prefer. The information provided is anonymous without any link to personal data.

**5.3. How do third parties use Cookies?**  
We also use third party Cookies on our Website to improve our products and services. In particular, we use the following third party Cookies:

\- We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States (“Google“). Google uses Cookies to obtain information about our users’ access to our Website. The information about your use of our Website generated by the Cookie will be normally transferred to a Google server in the US where it will be saved. Google will anonymise your IP address within EU member states or other contracting countries of the agreement of the European Economic area. Only in exceptional cases the full IP address will be transferred to the Google server in the US to be anonymised abroad. Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the Website and compile reports about your activity. The IP address of your browser transferred by Google Analytics will not pool with other Google files. You may refuse the storage of cookies by setting appropriate adjustments on your browser software (see para 5.4). Furthermore, if you wish to prevent the processing of your data (including your IP address) generated by the Cookie to Google, you can download and install the browser-plugin: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>. 

\- We use DoubleClick DART (Dynamic Advertising Reporting & Targeting)- Cookies of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States ("Google"), to process information about your visit on our and other websites for marketing purposes. The technology provides targeted internet ad serving services. You can block the use of DoubleClick Cookies (refer to 5.4). 

\- We use ChartBeat, a web analytics service provided by Chartbeat Inc. 826 Broadway, 6th Floor New York, NY 1000. ChartBeat generates pseudonym user profiles by using the processed and saved data. This helps us to analyse user attitudes to improve our products and services. Without explicit permission of the person concerned, the pseudo-anonymised user profiles will never pool with the personal data of the owner of the pseudonym. You may refuse the processing and storing of your personal information for marketing purpose at any time by following the details as outlined in para 5.4.

**5.4. How can I prevent the use of Cookies?**  
You can prevent the storage of Cookies by making appropriate adjustments in your browser software. This could result in limited functionality of our Website. 

If you wish to disable the processing of your data (including your IP address) generated by Google’s Cookies, you can download and install the browser-plugin: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>.  
You can also deactivate the use of DoubleClick DART Cookies by visiting Google’s Privacy Policy page: <http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/html/opt-out.html>.

I hereby give JustFab and third operating partners permission to insert Cookies. I may withdraw my permission by changing my browser settings to block Cookies.

## 6\. Log Files

**6.1.**  
Every time you visit JustFab, your user information is sent from your browser to our server and will be saved as protocol files (server log files). The transferred data contains: date, time of the visit, names of the website, IP address, referred URL, transferred data volume, product and version information of the used browser.

**6.2.**  
Subject to any legal obligation of storage, user IP addresses will be deleted or anonymised after termination of use.

## 7\. Use of Social Plugins

**7.1. Use of Facebook Plugins**

We use Social Plugins (“Plugins“) from social network Facebook, provided by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook“). The Plugins are marked by the Facebook logo or with the addition “Social Plug-in of Facebook” or “Facebook Social Plugin”. Find an overview of Facebook Plugins here: <http://developers.facebook.com/plugins>.  
When you open a JustFab page which includes such a Plugin, your browser will establish a direct connection to Facebook’s server. The content of the Plugin will be transferred directly to your browser and integrated within the Website. Through this integration, Facebook receives information about your visits to appropriate parts of our Website, even if you don’t have a Facebook profile or aren’t logged into your profile. This information (including your IP address) will directly be transferred to the Facebook server in the US where it is also saved. If you are logged into Facebook, Facebook can immediately track your visit on JustFab with your Facebook profile.   
If you interact with Plugins, e.g. by clicking the “like” button or commenting on something, this information will also be transferred to and saved on the Facebook server. Information can also be published on your Facebook profile.   
For more information regarding the purpose and volume of the data collection, the further processing and using of Facebook and your rights and profile settings regarding your protection of privacy policy, please check Facebook’s privacy policy regulations, <http://www.facebook.com/policy.php>. If you wish to prevent the transfer of the collected information to your Facebook profile, then log out of your Facebook profile before visiting our Website. You can also prevent the loading of Facebook Plugins by installing “Facebook Blocker“ (<http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/>).

**7.2.** **Use of Google+ Plugins (e.g. “+1“)**

We use Plugins fom social network Google+, operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA („Google“). The Plugins are identifiable e.g. on buttons with the sign “+1” on a white or coloured background. You can find an overview of Google Plugins here: <https://developers.google.com/+/plugins>.  
When you open a page of our Website which includes such a Plugin, your browser will establish a direct connection to the server of Google. The content of the Plugin will be transferred directly to your browser and integrated within the Website. Through this integration, Google receives information about your visits to appropriate parts of our Website, even if you don’t have a Google profile or aren’t logged into your profile. This information (including your IP address) will directly be transferred to and saved on the Google server in the US. If you are logged in to Google, Google can track your visit on JustFab with your Google+ profile. If you interact with Plugins e.g. by clicking the “like” button or comment on something, this information will also be transferred to and saved on the Google+ server. This information will also be published on your Google+ profile. For more information regarding the purpose and volume of data collection, the further processing and using of Google+ and your rights and profile settings regarding your protection of privacy policy, please check Google’s privacy policy regulations <http://www.google.com/intl/de/+/policy/+1button.html>. If you wish to prevent the transfer of the collected information to your Google+ profile, then log out of your Google+ profile before visiting our Website. You can also prevent the loading of Google Plugins by installing Script-Blocker “NoScript” (<http://noscript.net/>).).

**7.3. Use of Twitter Plugins (e.g. “Twitter“ Button)**

JustFab uses Plugins from microblogging service Twitter, provided by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA (“Twitter“). The Plugins are marked by the Twitter logo, e.g. the blue shape of a bird. Find an overview of Twitter Plugins here <https://twitter.com/about/resources/buttons>.  
If you visit a JustFab page which includes such a Plugin, your browser will establish a direct connection to Twitter’s server. The content of the Plugin will be transferred directly to your browser and integrated within the Website. Through this integration, Twitter receives information about your visits to appropriate parts of our Website, even if you don’t have a Twitter profile or aren’t logged into your profile. This information (including your IP address) will directly be transferred to and saved on the Twitter server in the US. If you are logged in to Twitter, Twitter can track your visit to JustFab with your Twitter profile. If you interact with Plugins e.g. by clicking the “like” button or comment on something, this information will be also transferred to and saved on Twitter’s server. Information will be also published on your Twitter profile. For more information regarding the purpose and volume of data collection, the further processing and using of Twitter and your rights and profile settings regarding your protection of privacy policy, please check the Twitter’s privacy policy <https://twitter.com/privacy>. If you wish to prevent the transfer of the collected information to your Twitter profile, log out of your Twitter profile before visiting JustFab. You can also prevent the loading of Twitter Plugins by installing Script-Blocker “NoScript” (<http://noscript.net/>).).

## 8\. Data Processing outside the EEA

8.1 Our Website is technically operated and administrated by our parent company, TechStyle, Inc., 800 Apollo Street, El Segundo, California in the United States of America (USA). Personal data collected will be transferred to the US servers of TechStyle Inc. We ensure that the data processing outside the EEA is compliant with EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC and with national law. TechStlye Inc. complies with the [U.S:- EU Privacy Shield Framework and therefore obeys the European Law on Data Protection](https://www.privacyshield.gov/welcome).

8.2 We may disclose your personal information to third party service providers who help us operate our business and provide services to you. Such service providers may be located overseas, including outside the EEA. We require these service providers to comply with strict conditions governing with how your personal information is to be handled. Any disclosure of your personal information will be in compliance with the EU Data Protection Directive 95/46/EC and with national law. 

## 9\. Information, Correction, Blocking and Deletion of Data; Right of Withdrawal 

**9.1.**  
According to European law, you may request stored data information in relation to you and to the correction, blocking and deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time (see para 1) for contact details. In such cases, please provide us with proof of identification (e.g. a copy of your identity card or passport).

**9.2.**  
According to European law, you can also completely or partially withdraw from the collecting, processing, or using of your data by JustFab (see para. 1 for contact details). Please note that in such a case, the functionality of our Website will be limited or eliminated. 

_Updated: 12/2014_
