> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the justparts.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140519161409id_/http%3A//www.justparts.com/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The JustParts.com Privacy Policy

JustParts Privacy Policy

Version: July 4, 2013

1\. Overview

Your privacy is very important to JustParts. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy) applies to all users who visit www.justparts.com, (the “Site”) and use the services we offer, (the “Services”) and does not extend to people, or companies that JustParts does not employ or manage such as Merchant websites that we may refer you to. Please read this Policy carefully to understand what information JustParts collects and how we use it. By accessing this Site and any of its pages, you are agreeing to the terms pursuant to this Policy and hereby consent to the collection, storage, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this Policy as adapted from time to time. 

2\. Types of Information We Collect

Our main purpose in collecting personal information is to provide you with an enjoyable, customized, and efficient experience on our Site. We will never willfully disclose any personal information about our Users to the general public without their consent. You are able to browse our sites without disclosing us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. However, if you choose to register with the Site, participate in one of the Services we offer or provide us with any of your personal information, you consent to the transfer and storage of that information. “Personal Information” includes information that identifies you as person or any of the activities you participate in. You may provide, without limitation, (a) your name, email address, phone number, mail and shipping address, credit card number (only if you register as a JustParts Seller) and business information; (b) information based on your activities on the Site including buying, selling, contacting sellers, requesting shipping quote, and listing items and other Content; (c) information from your interaction with our Site, services, content and advertising, including computer and connection information, IP address, operating system, information relating to your browser, operating system, statistics on page views, traffic to and from the sites, ad data, IP address and standard web log information; (d) additional information we ask you to submit to authenticate yourself or if we believe you are violating site policies or to answer additional questions online to help verify your identity or ownership of an item you list); and (e) information from other companies, such as demographic and navigation data; and (f) the third party website from which your visit originated and how you use our Sites such as the web pages you visit, and the duration of your visits. This information helps us to diagnose problems with our servers and administer the Site. Basically, your IP address helps us in identifying you and your specific needs. 

3\. Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information

The information we collect from you is used to provide you with a safe, better Site experience, improve our Site and Services, respond to your inquiries, gain a better understanding of your needs, carry out your requests, analyze site traffic, collect and process payments, or is used in other ways associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information. We do not rent or sell any of your personal information to any third parties for marketing purposes whatsoever. 

Only authorized JustParts staff will have access to your personal information, however, certain personal information may be made available to others in certain situations. You agree that we make your personal information available to (a) our service providers we employ to help with our business operations including, payment processors and bill collection; (b) law enforcement or other governmental officials where a formal request has been made such as in responding to subpoenas, court orders or legal process or in JustParts move to protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Sites, or other users; (c) affiliated companies and subsidiaries such as JustRides.com to provide Services and joint Content such as registration; (d) other business entities that we plan to merge with or be acquired by; (e) other users you communicate with including without limitation, making an offer, contacting sellers, requesting shipping quotes, in which case the seller may view your full name, user ID, city and state or province; (f) users you purchase and/or sell items to, in which case the buyer and seller are provided with information such as each other’s name, email, postal address and phone number; and (g) visitors to our Site may view your user ID, city, province or state, profile (which includes multiple fields you may elect to fill out or leave blank) and other items you have for sale. (h) participating sponsors to a program or promotion you enter through our Sites or Services; (i) other types of information that users allow JustParts to disclose such as testimonials; and (j) our other users where you choose to publicly post wanted comments or other information relating to products or services, via public forums such as our Wanted Board. JustParts is not responsible for the personal information users' elect to disclose in public forums and we encourage you to use discretion. 

We encourage you to disclose your privacy practices and respect the privacy of other users. We also strongly recommend that you evaluate the privacy and security policies of users you interact with on the Site and before entering into a transaction and choosing to share your information. To help protect your privacy, we allow only limited access to other users' contact and shipping information to facilitate your transactions. When users are involved in a transaction, they may have access to each other's name, User ID, email address and other contact and shipping information. In all cases, you must give other users a chance to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have collected about them. 

It is important to understand that once you provide personal information to a buyer or seller on our Site, JustParts has no control over how that information is used by that individual. You should discuss any privacy concerns you may have with any individual you meet through our Site, as the only protection you will have is whatever terms you agree to directly with this individual. You agree to use user information you obtain on the Site only for (a) JustParts transaction-related purposes that are not unsolicited commercial messages; (b) using Services offered through the Site; or (c) other purposes that a user expressly chooses. 

4\. Cookies

To serve you better, JustParts may place a “cookie” on your hard drive. A cookie is a small data file that is sent to your web browser from a server, and stored on your computer's hard drive during your JustParts.com visit. A cookie may contain certain information, such as a unique user session ID number, which is used to track the page(s) you visited. This information enables us to customize our Services, content and advertising, monitor your orders, purchases, and/or sales on our site. Cookies also allow you to log onto or navigate through specific sections of our Site without having to re-enter certain information. Like most websites, we may use cookies to "remember" information about your preferences. Cookies also enable us to recognize registered users when they visit, and subsequently provide those customers with specific information related to their purchases and/or sales. We don't make this information publicly visible/available in any way. 

When you register with us, we use cookies to monitor and maintain information about how you use our website and what you buy. Most of these cookies are “session cookies” which are automatically deleted from your computer’s hard drive once you leave our website. If you do not register, sell, or buy from the site, we may monitor and maintain information about your use of our website in order to improve your experience. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, however, you can decline our cookies by modifying your browser’s configuration. Even without a cookie, you may still use our Site however, many Services and pages may not function properly. Additionally, we will be unable to recognize you as a registered user on our site unless you log-in. 

5\. Third Party Sites

The Site contains links to other websites. JustParts is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other. Users of the Site will need to check the policy statement of these others websites to understand their policies. Users who access one of these links, such as a link from a Merchant listing and directed to that Merchant’s website to purchase an item, may disclose their private information from their own actions (such as purchasing an item). It is the responsibility of the user to read the privacy policy of these other websites as they may be different than JustParts’. JustParts does not control the privacy policies of third parties, and you are subject to the privacy policies of those third parties where applicable. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others. 

6\. Communications

Occasionally, we will send you emails about new Services or promotions. You can always choose not to receive this type of information from us by updating your account preferences in your account. Any of your personal information can be changed or modified at any time by logging into your account on the Site and using the various tools at your disposal. We do reserve the right to send users service and notification emails, which are considered a part of your account and not promotional in nature. You cannot choose to prevent these messages without deleting your account. We don't sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. We may however, combine your information with information we collect from other companies and use it to improve and personalize our services, content and advertising. 

7\. General Provisions

PASSWORD SECURITY: Your password may be used only by you to access the Site and use the Services. You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your password, account information and for restricting access to your computer. We strongly recommend that you use unique numbers, letter and characters to provide a stronger password. You may not disclose your password to anyone or any third party. You understand and agree that you are solely and fully responsible for any use of or action taken under your account or password on this Site (including the actions of your agents, employees, representatives), whether or not you authorized such activities. If your password is compromised you may lose control over your personal information and may you be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf and thus must change your password and notify JustParts Support. 

YOUR USER ID: Your User ID is displayed is displayed throughout the JustParts Site and visible to all users once you create a User ID. Use discretion when creating your User ID. Your User ID, which serves as a footprint of sorts, is displayed throughout the Site and in so doing, is available to the public. As a result, all of your activity on our website is traceable to your User ID. If you associate your name with your User ID, users who see your User ID will be able to personally identify you and your activities. If you access the Site from a shared or public computer, certain information about you, such as your User ID, may be visible to other individuals who use the computer after you. 

UPDATING YOUR INFORMATION: You can review and modify most of your personal information at your convenience by signing in to JustParts and some of your information will be changeable such as your User ID and information you post in a public area such as the Wanted Board. It is your responsibility to promptly update your information if it changes or is inaccurate. 

ACCOUNT CLOSURE: Upon your request, we will close your account and remove your personal information from view as soon as reasonably possible, based on your account activity and in accordance with applicable law. Note however that we retain information from closed accounts to comply with law, collect any fees owed to JustParts, troubleshoot problems, enforce our JustParts User Agreement and any other agreements and policies included by reference, assist with any investigations and take other actions otherwise permitted by law. 

SECURITY INFORMATION: Your information is stored on our servers located in the Canada and the United States. We treat data as an asset and employ industry accepted standards in protecting your personal information during your use of the Site and have established physical and electronic safe guards to protect your information. against unauthorized access and disclosure. However, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, and other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Site. Therefore, although we strive to protect your privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant, and you should not expect, that any personal information or private communications will always remain private and are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personal information. In the event that your personally identifiable information is compromised, we will notify you by email to the last email address you have provided us as soon as feasible under the circumstances. 

SPAM: We do not tolerate spam. You are not authorized to add other JustParts users, even a user who has purchased or sold an item to or from you, to your mailing list (email or physical mail) without their express consent. To report related spam or spoof emails, please forward the email to support@justparts.com. You may not use our communication tools to send spam or otherwise send content that would violate our JustParts User Agreement. We do not rent or sell these any of our users’ email addresses. 

USING THE SITE: You must be at least 18 years or older and are able to form legally binding contracts to use the Site and Services. The contact information you supply us with on the registration form will be used to contact you about your account status, respond to your questions or concerns and to other related tasks. 

CONTACTING US: Should you have any further questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, Site, Services, practices, or your dealings with our Site, please feel free to [ contact us](https://web.archive.org/Contact-Us?option=4&other=Question%20About%20Your%20Privacy%20Policy). If you are not satisfied with our response, the Privacy Commissioner of Canada located at 112 Kent Street, Ottawa, ON K1A 1H3, can be reached at 1-800-282-1376. 

EXTERNAL LINKS: This website contains links to other external sites and we are NOT responsible for the privacy practices or content of these external websites. In addition, the terms and conditions herein do not apply to any such linked websites. JustParts does not endorse any of these linked websites, or the information, materials, products or services that are contained in or accessible through such linked websites. 

WARRANTIES: JustParts renounces all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to the information, materials, products and services that are contained in or accessible through linked websites, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability, ‘’fitness’’ for a particular purpose or non-infringement. You acknowledge and agree that JustParts is not responsible for the content, accuracy, legitimacy, decency, copyright conformity, privacy practices, security or any other aspects of any such linked websites, and that the usage of any such linked websites is solely at your own risk, and you hereby waive any and all claims against JustParts with regard to such linked websites. 

CHANGES TO POLICY: JustParts reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time. Our Privacy Policy shall at all times comply with the laws of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable therein. If we make any changes whatsoever to our methods of data collection, usage, disclosure, and storage, we will inform you by sending you an email to the most recent email address you have provided us, and/or post notice of the changes on the Site. In the event that the most recent email address is invalid, or for some reason, unable to deliver the notice mentioned above, our transmittal of the email containing such notice will serve as effective notice of the policy change(s) nevertheless. In any event, changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of your personal information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your information, you must notify us by an email to [support@justparts.com](mailto:support@justparts.com) prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us. Please be advised that we retain information from closed accounts pursuant to the terms of this Policy. 

ACCEPTANCE OF POLICY: By accepting this Privacy Policy and the JustParts User Agreement and any agreement included by reference, you clearly approve of our collection, usage, disclosure, and storage of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. No summary, modification, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, is valid unless we post it to our Sites and Services. This Privacy Policy is effective upon acceptance for new users and is otherwise effective on October 16, 2007. 
