> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pazsaz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080608083350id_/http%3A//www.pazsaz.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Pazsaz Entertainment Network

We take your privacy very seriously here at the Pazsaz Entertainent Network. When we ask you questions about who you are we are trying to create a overall statistical view of our userbase to allow us to provide advertisers with the information they require to place advertising on our site. That advertising pays for the site which allows us to keep the site FREE while continually improving it by adding facilities and services. We hope that you will provide us with the fullest details in our survey pages so that we can build up the best possible view of our users. Please answer as many questions as you feel happy with. 

The data you do provide will therefore be used under the strictest control; we will NOT give individual answers to questions from third parties or provide people with your email address without your permission. We loathe the use of "SPAM" email and will not sell or provide your email address for such purposes. This website contains links to other websites and is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. 

On the Internet, all information collected is defined as being either anonymous or personally identifiable: 

  * _Anonymous Information:_ Refers to information that cannot be tied back to a specific individual. For instance, we may know that ten thousand people visit this Privacy Policy today, but we do not know their names, where they live, or their date of birth. Most of the information we collect about our users is Anonymous Information. 
  * _Personally Identifiable Information:_ Refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are such as your name, email address, or postal address. You voluntarily give some of this information when you enter a contest on our site or submit a link to us. The choice of how much of your personally identifiable information that you choose to tell us is left completely up to you. 



Like you, we at the Pazsaz Entertainment Network have children of our own and are concerned about their safety when they use the Internet. We want you and your family to be safe while visiting our Internet site. That is why, consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent. We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role to protect the privacy of their children and to prevent inappropriate use of information about their children. Parents and guardians should instruct their children never to give out real names or any other identifying information over the Internet without first getting parental permission. The Pazsaz Entertainment Network will remove any information provided online by children upon the request of the child or the parent or guardian. 

How the information we do collect is used: 

  * We monitor the page views of the users as a whole of our site to determine what our users want and do not want. 
  * We develop summary, but not individual, reports for our advertisers. The people that make it possible for you to use the Pazsaz Entertainment Network for free, our advertisers, need this information to determine how effective their advertising investments are. We never tell our advertisers who it was that saw or clicked on their advertisements, in fact we do not know ourselves.



Other companies which place advertising or sell products on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising or content through the use of cookies. Cookies are small pieces of electronic information which a Web site can store on a visitor's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow Web site operators to "personalize" the site to match your individual preferences. The use of cookies is standard on the Internet and many major Web sites use them. You can choose to set your browser to notify you whenever you are sent a cookie. This gives you the option to decide whether or not to accept a cookie. Due to the way the Internet technically operates, we cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these advertisers or merchandisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information they collect. 

This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on our website from residents of the United States. If you are visiting our website from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using our services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy. 
