> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the arbitersports.biz privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160515024021id_/http%3A//www.arbitersports.biz/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - ArbiterSports

**Privacy Policy**

ArbiterSports, LLC (“ArbiterSports”) has created this privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. This document describes the practices of ArbiterSports and its affiliates with respect to the collection of user information and the use, storage, protection and disclosure of such information. This document only applies to user information collected from the ArbiterSports web site, located at www.arbitersports.com (the “ArbiterSports Web Site”), and our Arbiter Online URL, and does not address the privacy of information we obtain from places other than our web site. Additionally, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the web sites of third parties, including any third-party web sites we may provide links to on the ArbiterSports Web Site. Such third-party web sites are governed by their own privacy policies and practices. In all cases, we encourage you to ask questions and to provide data only to sites whose practices and personnel you trust.

**Consent, Scope and Amendments**

You accept this Privacy Policy when you sign up for, access or use the ArbiterSports Web Site or any products, services, content, features, technologies or functions offered through or in connection with the ArbiterSports Web Site. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time to address new issues and reflect changes to the ArbiterSports Web Site. We will post any such changes to the ArbiterSports Web Site, and such changes will become effective upon posting. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy regularly. Your continued use of the ArbiterSports Web Site following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy will mean that you accept such changes. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy or any changes to this Privacy Policy, please do not access or use the ArbiterSports Web Site.

**Information Collected and How It Is Used**

We do not collect any personally identifying information about you unless you or the organization to which you belong voluntarily submits such information to us. Personally identifying information is any data that can be used to identify or contact a single person. We do not consider personally identifying information to include information that has been made anonymous so that it does not identify a specific individual. Depending on your group and the particular features you or your group use in connection with the ArbiterSports Web Site, the information we collect may include your name, address, phone numbers, email address, social security number and date of birth. Some or all of this information may be necessary for certain applications of the ArbiterSports Web Site to perform certain functions correctly or for providing information required or requested by government agencies. Additionally, we may distribute this information, including your social security number, to third parties who are responsible for your compensation and for other similar purposes. Since ArbiterSports cannot control how such third parties and others protect your social security number and other personal information, ArbiterSports cannot and does not ensure or warrant the security or privacy of any of your personal information. Your personal information may also be used and distributed to enable ArbiterSports and our contracted service providers and strategic partners to support our business operations, including, without limitation, bill collection, marketing, fraud detection, product and service development, and technology services. Further, we may use your personal information to contact you through an ArbiterSports sales representative to determine whether you are interested in other ArbiterSports products or services. If you are not interested, please advise the ArbiterSports sales representative accordingly, and you will not be contacted again for such purposes. From time to time, either by telephone or through mailings, we may also notify you about new products and services we are offering. If you do not want to be contacted regarding new products and services, simply tell us when you provide us with your personal information. As necessary, we may use your personal information to contact you about your account or the terms of any agreements we may have with you, including this Privacy Policy. Because such information is important to your ongoing business relationship with ArbiterSports, you may not opt out of receiving such communications. When requesting technical support, you may be asked to provide certain personal information that we deem necessary to identify you and to associate you with one of our user groups. Note that for quality and training purposes, we may monitor or record our telephone conversations with you or anyone acting on your behalf and, by contacting us, you acknowledge that your communication may be overheard, monitored or recorded without further notice or warning. In all situations, you are not required to provide any personal information that we may request, but, if you choose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to any queries that you may have.

As is true of most internet services, ArbiterSports also automatically collects and stores certain non-personally identifying information sent to us by your computer, mobile phone or other device whenever you access the ArbiterSports Web Site. Non-personally identifying information includes data that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. Non-personally identifying information may include, without limitation, your IP address, operating system, Internet service provider, mobile network information, geo-location information, the type of browser, computer or mobile device that you use, how you use the ArbiterSports Web Site, and other similar information, as well as data we have obtained from you and aggregated with other user information. ArbiterSports collects this information to make it easier and more efficient for you to use the ArbiterSports Web Site and to allow us to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on the web site. Such non-personally identifying information is collected in a number of ways, including tracking your activities through “cookies,” your IP address or most recently visited URL, or your mobile device. (For more information on cookies, IP addresses or mobile devices, please see the appropriate sections below.) We may eventually use such information to tailor the content, services and advertising on our web site to your current and future needs. We may also use such information to determine which areas of our web site are the most commonly used, which areas need improvement and what technologies are being used so that we may continually improve our web site.

In addition, in connection with any reorganization, merger, assignment, sale, joint venture or other transfer or disposition of some or all of the assets of ArbiterSports or its affiliated entities to any third party successor-in-interest, you acknowledge and agree that we can accordingly assign, sell, license or transfer to such third parties any information, including personally identifying information, that you or the organization to which you belong has provided to us.

**Cookies**

When you access the ArbiterSports Web Site, we may place small data files on your computer or other device. These data files may be cookies, pixel tags, “flash cookies,” or other similar technologies (collectively, “cookies”). Cookies make the ArbiterSports Web Site easier for you to use because they save your preferences while you are at our site (although we do not save your passwords in cookies). They also help us better understand user behavior and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements. Cookies contain information that the server computer “knew” in the first place, and are designed to only be read by the serving domain that placed them. Cookies are a standard part of Internet use and allow server computers to recognize your computer’s browser when you return to our site. For example, a cookie may retain information regarding items that remain in your shopping cart when you leave our web site, so that you don’t have to start your shopping again from scratch when you return. The non-personally identifying information that we track with cookies is anonymous and is not used to identify, or lead us back to, any particular visitor.

Most browsers are set to accept cookies. However, you can set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you elect not to accept cookies, please note that some parts of the ArbiterSports Web Site, such as shopping, contests or games, may not function properly, or at all, or may be considerably slower.

**IP Address**

An “Internet Protocol” or “IP” address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are using the World Wide Web. Web servers, the large computers that “serve up” web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer our site, track users’ movements and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may also use this information in connection with our marketing and advertising services. IP addresses are not normally linked to personally identifying information, which means that a user’s session will be logged but the user remains anonymous to us. To the extent IP addresses or similar identifiers are considered personally identifying information by local law, however, we will treat such identifiers as personally identifying information.

**Mobile Devices**

We may offer you the ability to connect to the ArbiterSports Web Site using a mobile device, either through a mobile application or via a mobile optimized web site. The provisions of this Privacy Policy apply to all such mobile access and use of mobile devices.

When you download or use our mobile applications, or access one of our mobile optimized sites, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. We may use this information to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising and other personalized content. Most mobile devices allow you to control or disable location services in the device’s settings menu. If you have questions about how to disable your device’s location services, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or the manufacturer of your particular device.

**Disclosure of Information**

As part of the registration process, ArbiterSports may provide you with the option of receiving information from third parties. If you select this option, ArbiterSports will transfer your contact information to third parties. If you do not want to receive information from third parties in the future, call the ArbiterSports Customer Support Department at 801-576-9436. (Please note that ArbiterSports is not responsible for removing your information from third party lists or entities with which you have previously authorized ArbiterSports to share your information. You will need to contact those third parties directly to request removal from their lists.) Unless we tell you otherwise, we do not sell or rent your personally identifying information to any third parties. We will notify you at the time of data collection or transfer if your data will be shared with a third party, and you will have the option of not permitting the transfer. If you do not wish your data to be shared, you can choose not to use a particular service or not to participate in certain promotions or contests.

We may sell and rent aggregated information about our users generally to our advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties. We also may produce aggregated reports for advertisers identifying, for example, the number of users that visit our site or different areas of our site, the number of users that clicked on an advertisement, or the number of users that read a particular article. Aggregated information refers to information that cannot be directly linked to a specific individual. For example, we may know that 25,000 people visited our site today, or that 75% of those visitors were women, but we do not know their names. We may use aggregate information to customize our content and advertising, or to deliver a better experience for our visitors.

**Disclosure of Information in Special Circumstances**

ArbiterSports reserves the right to disclose personal and other information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the terms of any of our agreements, including, without limitation, this Privacy Policy and ArbiterSports’ Terms and Conditions, or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) ArbiterSports’ rights or property, other ArbiterSports users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Further, we may disclose information if we determine that, for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate. ArbiterSports may also disclose or access account information for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service and improve our products and services and the ArbiterSports Web Site.

**Access to Personal Information**

You can help ArbiterSports maintain the accuracy of your personal information by notifying us when you change your address, phone number or email address. For other personal information that we hold, we will provide you with access for any purpose, including to request that we correct the data if it is inaccurate or delete the data if ArbiterSports is not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may decline to process requests that are frivolous, vexatious, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law.

**Opt Out**

Users are given the opportunity to “opt -out” of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our web site at the time that we request such information. For example, our download form has an opt-in option so users who download the trial software from us but don’t want to receive any marketing materials will not receive such materials unless they select the option to do so. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter may remove their name from the distribution list at any time by contacting us at 801-576-9436. If you have subscribed under more than one email address, you will need to unsubscribe for each of your email addresses.

**Links to Other Sites**

Users will find advertising or other content on the ArbiterSports Web Site that may link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. In many cases, the links represent cooperative projects or are mutual links established with persons or entities connected with our site. We do not control the content or links that appear on these third party sites. In addition, these third party sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These third party sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies, or no policy at all. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party site or service before providing any of them with your personal information.

**Minors**

The ArbiterSports Web Site is not designed for children age 13 or younger. Accordingly, we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personally identifying information from children age 13 or younger. In the event we learn that we have collected such information, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.

**Security**

Protecting your privacy and your information is a priority at ArbiterSports. We do not rent or sell the personal financial information you provide to us. We use industry-standard methods to protect your personally identifying information from unauthorized access. Among other techniques, we usually store such information on a computer behind a “firewall” in a secure location, and we take measures to restrict the number of employees internally who can access such data. When our registration or order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number), that information is encrypted and protected using industry-standard encryption technology, such as 128-bit encryption SSL (Secure Socket Layers). In addition, as an added security measure, if you use a credit card to make a purchase on our site, an ArbiterSports representative may call you to verify the transaction.

While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also take steps to protect user information off-line. Access to all of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifying information. Furthermore, employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy policies and practices, and such policies and practices are strictly enforced. Finally, the servers on which we store personally identifying information are kept in a secure environment.

Of course, there is no such thing as “perfect security” on the Internet, and no data transmission can be guaranteed to be secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, ArbiterSports cannot and does not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or put on our web site, and you do so at your own risk.

**Passwords**

Your ArbiterSports account information is password protected so that only you are authorized to access this personal information. We strongly recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. ArbiterSports will not ask for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email.

**Retention of User Information**

We may retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.

**Additional Information**

If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please contact our Customer Support Department by phone at 801-576-9436 or by email at support@arbitersports.com.

Last updated September 15, 2015.  
Copyright © 2015 ArbiterSports LLC. All rights reserved.
