> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the arbitersports.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150608031403id_/http%3A//www.arbitersports.biz/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - ArbiterSports

PRIVACY POLICY.   ArbiterSports is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. Please read the following Privacy Policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of the ArbiterSports Website. The ArbiterSports Website is owned and operated by ArbiterSports.  
---  
1\. CONSENT.   By using this Website, you consent to the collection and use of the information as described here. If we decide to make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post the changes on this page so that you will always know what information we collect, and how we use it. By using the Website subsequent to such changes, you consent to them. The last date the Privacy Policy was revised is set forth above.  
2\. GATHERING AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.   ArbiterSports does not collect personally identifying information about any individual except when knowingly provided. If you do not want us to collect any personal information, do not submit it to us. If you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit most of the ArbiterSports Website, but you may be unable to access certain options and services. Your personal information may be stored and used by ArbiterSports to provide services to you and to contact you with respect to transactions conducted through the Website. We will not sell, rent or disclose your personal information to our business partners, suppliers, vendors or other third parties without notifying you of our intent to share the information and giving you an opportunity to prevent your information from being shared. We may, however, disclose information about our users when we believe, in good faith, that the disclosure is required by law.  
3\. GATHERING BROWSER LEVEL INFORMATION.   Our Web server automatically collects information about a site user’s IP address, browser type and referrer (collectively, “Browser Level Information”) by reading this information from the user’s browser (information provided by every user’s browser). We store and use Browser Level Information, in the aggregate only, to diagnose problems with our Web server, to improve and track the success of the Website and to provide content of interest to you. Browser Level Information is automatically logged by most Websites. We may share Browser Level Information with advertisers or other third parties, including our business partners, suppliers, and vendors, on an aggregated basis without revealing any personally identifiable information and without the consent of any user.  
4\. USE OF COOKIES.   ArbiterSports may use cookies solely to track user traffic patterns throughout ArbiterSports’s Website. Cookies are small electronic files that a website may transfer to the user’s computer, and are used for record-keeping purposes. A cookie file can contain information, such as a user identification code, that the site uses to track the pages you have visited. Most Web site browsers automatically accept cookies; however, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, your browser can be set to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our Website will not function properly when you view them.  
5\. THIRD PARTY SITES.   The ArbiterSports Website may contain links to other sites. ArbiterSports does not share your personal information with those Websites and is not responsible for their privacy practices. To the extent hyperlinks are utilized to access external or third party Websites, you should be aware that these external or third party Websites are not controlled by ArbiterSports and, therefore, are not subject to this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to learn about the privacy policies of those companies. We do not necessarily endorse, and are not responsible for, any third party contact that may be accessed through the ArbiterSports Website.  
6\. INFORMATION SECURITY.   ArbiterSports is concerned with the security of the personally identifiable information we have collected and has in place reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access to that information. These measures include policies, procedures, and technical elements relating to data access controls. In addition, ArbiterSports uses standard security protocols and mechanisms to exchange the transmission of sensitive personal information. Although ArbiterSports has endeavored to create a secure and reliable Website, the confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted via the Internet cannot be guaranteed. Accordingly, you should consider carefully if you want to submit sensitive information via the Internet.  
7\. HOW TO CONTACT US.   If you have any questions about our Legal or Privacy Policy, please contact us at any time.  
8\. CHANGES. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.
