> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the azcoloring.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-09-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170915231459id_/http%3A//coloringhome.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Coloring Home - Coloring Home

The owners and operators of Coloring Home take your online privacy seriously. This document outlines the types of information collected by our servers and provides links to the privacy policies of our third-party advertising partners.

## User Accounts

Membership is an optional part of the Coloring Home web site. No user account is required in order to browse or download the content we provide. However, creating an account enables extra features such as (but not limited to) the ability to submit content.

By creating an account, you are volunteering certain information about yourself that will be stored on our servers. This data includes at a minimum a username, password, and valid email address. Your user profile information is public and may appear on our web site, with the exception of your email address and password.

Our commenting feature allows non-registered users to post comments. In these cases we display the provided name associated with the comment. It is up to you to ensure that your username /email address is anonymous.

## Children

Children under the age of 13 shall only use our website under the supervision of a parent, guardian, or other responsible adult.

## Personally Identified Data

We strongly discourage users from entering their full name, phone number, physical address, or other sensitive information in user profiles, comments, or other areas of the site. Furthermore, we request that minors and any individuals with limited decision making ability not create an account on this site without the approval and supervision of a guardian.

We make a reasonable attempt to monitor for cases where users post personally identifiable information about other individuals to public portions of the web site and remove the offending material.

## Server Logs

Like most web sites, Coloring Home logs web, database, and other server-software usage and access information. This information may include your internet protocol (IP) address, which in many cases can be translated to an affiliation (such as your work, school, or internet service provider), or a geographical location. We only use this information for debugging purposes and for aggregating into anonymous usage and traffic statistics.

## Cookies

While browsing Coloring Home, a small number of text files referred to as "cookies" are created on your local file system by your web browser at the request of our servers. These files allow us to personalize the browsing experience for both registered and non-registered users. You are free to delete them at any time, or configure your browser not to create them. However, we do not guarantee that every feature of Coloring Home will function as expected without cookies enabled.

## Third-Party Advertisers

Coloring Home serves ads provided by a range of third-party advertising networks. The practices of our advertising partners are not directly covered by Coloring Home's privacy policy. We recommend that you read their policies. For your convenience we provide a list our advertising partners below. Unfortunately we cannot guarantee it is always comprehensive and up to date.

[Google AdSense](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)

Coloring Home is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com.

## Sharing/Selling of Data

Coloring Home does NOT share or sell personally identifiable data to third parties such as direct marketers. We respect your privacy.

## Data Retention

The data submitted to and generated by this web site may be copied to additional machines for redundancy and backup purposes.

  

