> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ceridian.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121231001229id_/http%3A//www.ceridian.com/about_us_nav/1%2C6267%2C15737%2C00.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Ceridian Website Privacy Statement - Ceridian

Ceridian ("Ceridian") is committed to protecting the privacy of all customers and visitors to our sites. We adhere to the laws and requirements within the United States of America in relation to the processing of any personal data we obtain. Ceridian is a global company and operates a number of websites around the world. Any information you submit may be sent electronically to a server hosting one of these websites in another country. By sending information to us and browsing this Site, you acknowledge and agree to the cross-border transfer of your information.   
In this statement "we", "us" and "our" means Ceridian and "you" means the individual using the Ceridian website ("Site"). This statement describes the practices Ceridian has adopted with respect to user privacy at Ceridian websites. Should Ceridian need to collect your personal information, other than for processing of data as contractually agreed with our customers, we will advise you of the purposes for the collection, use and disclosure of personal information at or prior to the time of collection. Ceridian may otherwise revise its privacy practices from time to time without further notice. 

**What happens to information entered on Ceridian websites?**   
Personally Identifiable Information is information about you, such as your name, Social Security Number, biometric identifier, address, user ID or e-mail address or other information that you may provide which is connected to you. Ceridian does not divulge, sell or share any personal information that you provide, including e-mail addresses or employee information, with any agencies or alliance partners. Ceridian may, from time to time, use personal data that you provide, namely your e-mail or mailing address, to send you information about news, seminars and events that may be of interest to you. We do this to increase the value we provide to you. Should you no longer wish to receive this type of information, you will have the option, either by selecting options in our applications or by speaking with our customer care team, to indicate your choice. 

Ceridian tracks and combines it's website traffic patterns. Ceridian may provide the statistics relating to traffic volume and traffic patterns to reputable third-party suppliers but at no time would these summary statistics contain personally identifiable information. We do not correlate this information with personally identifiable data about individual site visitors. 

Ceridian reserves the right to co-operate with local, federal or national authorities or authorized investigative bodies in investigations of improper or unlawful activities, and may require the disclosure of personal information. It is Ceridian policy to comply with all legal, regulatory and contractual requirements associated with data and records retention. Additionally, it is Ceridian policy to dispose of data and records that have outlived operational usefulness and do not require retention by law, regulation, rule or procedure for other business purposes. Ceridian also offers web-based services to individuals, with hosting sites at various Ceridian locations. Information collected at these sites is collected for identified and specified purposes relating to the services being performed. 

**Consent**   
Ceridian, as a processor of information under contract with its customers, does not obtain consent directly from its customers' employees with respect to payroll or human resources information processing, fleet and gift card processing, electronic fund distribution and procurement or for other similar activities where Ceridian is acting as third party agent. All personal information received by Ceridian is provided by its customers directly and it is the obligation of the customers to have obtained appropriate consent, according to applicable privacy laws, from their employees before transferring, in printed, electronic, facsimile or any other format, personally identifiable information to Ceridian. We do not collect any personal information about your employees that is not required to fulfill our contractual obligations with you. 

**How is security dealt with at Ceridian?**   
At Ceridian, we recognize the importance of conducting e-business within a confidential and secure environment. Ceridian employs industry standard techniques such as Secure Socket Layer technology, firewalls, encryption of data over unsecured networks, such as the Internet, intrusion detection and site monitoring or such similar technology as may be adopted by Ceridian. Our data is stored within a secure physical environment and internally, only authorized personnel who need to access this information to carry out our contractual obligations or to complete their employment duties can access this information. Ceridian personnel have been trained in security procedures, and comply with Ceridian's Code of Conduct. Security procedures are reviewed regularly and may change to reflect new enhancements in security practices or technology. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100% secure. As a result, while Ceridian sites strive to protect personal information, we cannot warrant the security of the information transmitted to or received from us. 

**Cookies**   
Ceridian uses a standard technology called "cookies" to collect information about a user's previous visit to our site or to save and remember preferences that may have been set while the user was on the site. Cookies are small amounts of data that are sent to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. These cookies are either discarded after logging out or after a set time period. You can disable cookies by adjusting the setting on your web browser. If you disable cookies from your browser you may not be able to access certain features of our Site. 

**IP Addresses**   
We use IP addresses to help diagnose problems, to administer our Site and to gather demographic information. When you visit our site, we recognize your domain name and not your e-mail address. We will see your e-mail address only if you give it to us by filling out a form or by sending us an e-mail message. Ceridian may use domain names of companies to call for sales and services offerings. 

**Links to other Websites**   
Ceridian websites contain links to other websites. Ceridian is not responsible for the privacy practices and content of third-party websites. We urge you not to supply personal information to these sites unless you have verified their security and privacy policies. 

**How can a user help protect one's information?**   
If you use Ceridian's Web applications, you will be responsible for maintaining a user ID and password. Never tell your password to anyone. Protecting one's information also includes taking precautionary steps in accordance with industry best practices to ensure the integrity of data on your computer. We recommend you have anti-virus software running on your PC and that you update the anti-virus software definitions often. We also recommend you have start up passwords for your computer, remember to log off and close your browser window when you have finished your work and change your passwords on a regular basis. 

**Accuracy**   
It is important that all personal information used by Ceridian to provide the services subscribed for be as accurate, complete and up-to-date as possible. It is the obligation of the customer to ensure that all personal information provided to Ceridian is current and accurate for the purpose for which it was provided. You have the right to have any personal data which we hold about you kept accurate and up-to-date. If you believe that any information we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us at: [Privacy@Ceridian.com](mailto:privacy@ceridian.com) or contact your account representative. We will change any information that is incorrect, after verification. If you have signed up for a Ceridian service that allows you to establish a personal profile on the website the best way to change your contact preferences is to log in to your personal page and update your profile. Your preference change will take effect immediately. In addition, you have the right to be informed about any personal data that we have on you. If you request access to that information you must do so in writing to the Privacy Officer, c/o Legal Department, Ceridian Corporation, 3311 East Old Shakopee Road, Minneapolis, MN, 55425. We may request a small fee to cover our administration charges. 

**Contact Us**   
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, please email us at: [Privacy@Ceridian.com](mailto:privacy@ceridian.com) or write to: the Privacy Officer, c/o Legal Department, Ceridian Corporation, 3311 East Old Shakopee Road, Minneapolis, MN, 55425. 

**Changes to this Policy**   
Any changes to this statement will be posted at this location and will take effect immediately after they are posted. Collection of data from that point on will be subject to the new policy. You may wish to check back from time to time to be aware of any changes to the statement. 

**Supplemental Statements**   
For the Ceridian Canada Privacy Statement please see [http://www.ceridian.ca](http://www.ceridian.ca/) and follow the privacy link.   
For the Ceridian UK Privacy Statement please see [http://www.ceridian.co.uk](http://www.ceridian.co.uk/) and follow the privacy link.   
For the Comdata Privacy Statement please see [http://www.comdata.com](http://www.comdata.com/) and follow the Site and Legal Policy link.   
For the Stored Value Solutions Privacy Statement please see [http://www.storedvalue.com](http://www.storedvalue.com/) and follow the Privacy Policy link. 

**Use of the Site**   
Use of the Site is governed by Terms and Conditions of Use. EFFECTIVE DATE: November 15, 2011 Version 1.6 
