> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ceros.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190420150021id_/https%3A//www.ceros.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Ceros

This policy applies to both website visitors and customers (“you”), and is published by “us”,”we” Ceros, Inc.  Ceros adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles, and its certification with the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield program can be verified at [www.privacyshield.gov](http://www.privacyshield.gov/).  We commit to protect all personal data that we receive from persons in the European Union in accordance with the Privacy Shield Principles.

By visiting our [Website](https://www.ceros.com/), you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

There are two kinds of information that we collect as discussed in this Privacy Policy, information that can be used to identify you (“Personal Information”) and information that does not identify you (“Other Information”). **When you request information about our products and services** or sign up to receive information from us, you may enter your email address, name, or contact information, in which case your information will be used in order to contact you about our products and services.  We will honor any requests that we no longer contact you and will provide you with a convenient means to unsubscribe or opt-out of any communication. **When you purchase services from us,** we will collect the Personal Information that you submitted in order to administer or improve our services to you, to administer our rewards and promotional programs; to improve our Website and services to you; to solicit your feedback; and to inform you about our products and services.  You may opt out of unnecessary communications, but please understand that if and while you are a customer, we have legitimate reasons to contact you to administer the services that we provide to you, respond to issues, and manage or discuss our agreement. **When you otherwise send your personal information to us** by email, by submitting an online form on our Website, or contact us using other means and we use that Personal Information in order to respond to you. We collect Other Information from Website visitors that is publicly transmitted by devices and web browsers in order to understand basic information about the categories and frequency of visitors that come to our Website.  Website visitor information includes IP address, your location, your browser type, the fonts you have installed, basic information about your device, and other information that is automatically transmitted from all browsers.   Although we do not use it for the purpose of identifying you personally, the combination of Other Information from your browser is sufficiently unique that it can be used to identify you as a repeat visitor. If you do not wish to have such information shared with us (or anyone else while browsing), you should consult your browser’s manual or identify a browser plug-in that will prevent the sharing of this information, but it may prevent your browser from functioning appropriately on the web. We also collect Other Information using “cookie“ technology and JavaScript tags. Cookies are small packets of data that a website stores on your computer’s hard drive so that your computer will “remember“ information about your visit. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) as well as JavaScript tags to enhance your experience using the Website and to display relevant and interesting advertisements to you on other websites through third parties.  This Other Information is not linked to you personally, but allows the delivery of relevant information to you elsewhere on the web because of your browser information. If you do not want us to place a cookie on your hard drive, please consult your browser’s documentation for information on how. Understand that if you decide not to accept cookies from us, the Website may not function properly. We use JavaScript tags to trigger a sequence of events that includes viewing a first-party cookie (or setting that cookie if it does not already exist) and to help us tailor and optimize our Website and provide you relevant advertisements from us outside of our Website. We will obtain your consent for additional uses of your Personal Information for purposes that are not disclosed in this privacy policy.

**We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf.** Examples may include providing technical assistance, customer service, and marketing assistance. These other companies will have access to the minimum amount of Personal Information about you, only as necessary to perform their functions and to the extent permitted by law. **We share aggregate information that does not identify you** with our affiliates, agents, and business partners and disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our products and services to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes. **In order to provide our services and administer our rewards and promotional programs** , we share your Personal Information with our third-party promotional and marketing partners, including, without limitation, businesses participating in our various programs. **We may share your Information with any of our parent companies** , subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with us. **As we develop our businesses structure** , we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, sale of assets, dissolution, or similar event, the Personal Information about customers may be part of the transferred information. **To the extent permitted or required by law** , we may also disclose the Information when required by law, court order, national security, law enforcement authority or regulatory authority; or whenever we believe that disclosing such Information is necessary or advisable to protect the rights, property, or safety of us or others. **Your information will be processed in the United States where we are based** , and it is necessary for personal data to be processed in the United States in order to provide services or publish this Website.  The United States has not received an adequacy decision from the European Union with regard to privacy protection, but adherence to the E.U.-U.S. Privacy Shield program is considered adequate by agreement with the E.U. We remain responsible for our sharing of Personal Information with third parties in cases of onward transfer.

**We keep your Personal Information for as long as we have your consent** to keep the personal information that is reasonably based upon the purpose for which it was collected, unless it is retained for a legitimate business purpose that does not pose a risk to your privacy rights or otherwise required by law as authorized or necessary under any applicable agreement with you.  **At any time** if you no longer want us to keep any of your personal information, you may contact us and request us to erase it, access it, correct it, or restrict or object to further processing and sharing.  If you make such a request, we will comply, unless we have a specific contractual, regulatory or legal reason to have to retain the personal information or refuse the request.  For customers, whenever practicable, we provide you with the ability to administer and erase your own Personal Information in our services.

This Website may contain links to third-party websites. CEROS has no control over the privacy practices or the content of these websites. As such, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of those third-party websites. You should check the applicable third-party privacy policy and terms of use when visiting any other websites.

You have a right to access your Personal Information.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy please send us your question by going **[here](mailto:privacyofficer@ceros.com)**. You may also send a letter to: Ceros Inc. 40 West 25th Street 12th Floor New York, NY 10010 USA We provide the EU DPA Panel as an independent dispute resolution body designated to address any complaints and provide appropriate recourse free of charge to individuals in the European Union and we are also subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the FTC.  Under certain conditions, it may be possible for you to invoke binding arbitration.

This policy may be changed at any time at our discretion. If we should update this policy, we will post the updates to this page on our Website and update the Effective Date at the top.  Your use of this Website after an update indicates your agreement.
