> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the certifiedprofile.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121016023007id_/https%3A//www.certifiedprofile.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | CP

### Privacy Policy

Welcome to CertifiedProfile.com. By accessing and using CertifiedProfile.com and its services and network (the "Website"), you signify that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy"), whether or not you are a registered account ("Account") holder (registered and nonregistered Account holders collectively, "User" or "Users"). The Website is owned, operated, and administered by CertifiedBackground.com a division of Castle Branch, Inc. (the "Company"). Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of this Privacy Policy at any time without further notice. If the Privacy Policy is modified, such changes shall be posted on the Website. User's continued use of the Website after any such changes constitutes User's acceptance of the new Privacy Policy.

#### Account Registration and Data Collection

Registration of an Account on the Website requires a valid e-mail address and unique password. Company also may require additional information from User including, but not limited to, legal name, social security number, birth date, address, phone number, and email address, and User shall provide valid, accurate, and complete information as requested. In addition, when User registers with the Website, Company may ask User for certain additional information and it is within the discretion of User to provide. User acknowledges and agrees that Company may collect and store User's name, username, password, email address, and any other information (including, without limitation, personally identifiable information) User provides to Company ("Data"). User also acknowledges and agrees that Company may collect and use non-personally identifiable information including IP addresses, profile information, aggregate User data, and browser types from User in order to manage the Website, track usage, advertise products and services to User, and improve the overall Website.

#### Ownership of Content

User may upload, publish, and display photos, profiles, messages, notes, information, immunization records, transcripts, background reports, documents, records, and other content (collectively, the "Content") on or through the Website, or transmit or share the Content with others. User retains all ownership rights in the Content uploaded, published, or displayed by such User. However, User understands and agrees that Company may, but is not required to, review and delete, without notice, any Content that, in the sole judgment of Company, violates this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use or which might be offensive, illegal, or that might violate the rights, harm, or threaten the safety of Users or others. Company, regardless of ownership, reserves the right at all times to disclose, in its sole discretion, any Content as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation, or governmental request.

#### Account Data and Content Privacy

Company takes the security of User's Data, Content, and other personal information seriously and wants Users to feel comfortable using the Website. Company has implemented industry standard technology designed to keep User Data, Content, and other personal information safe. Company currently employs Secure Socket Layer (SSL) data encryption when data is transmitted over the Internet to the Website. Company's systems are also compliant with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). Company has installed layered firewalls and other security technologies to help prevent unauthorized access to its systems. Strong password protection protocols are used on all computers and employees are kept up-to-date on Company's security and privacy policies. The servers used to store User information are maintained in a secure environment with appropriate security measures. Company also limits access to personally identifiable information to those employees and contractors who need access in order to carry out their job responsibilities and to certain Educational Institutions or other person, entities, or organizations designated by User. Such protective measures are designed to limit access to User's Content, Data, and other personal information. Please note that despite Company's efforts, factors beyond Company's control may result in disclosure of User Content, Data, or other personal information. Accordingly, Company is not in a position to guarantee that User information will be secure under all circumstances and Company offers no warranties or representations with regards to the maintenance or non-disclosure of User Content, Data, or other personal information. User agrees that Company Parties shall not be liable, under any circumstances, and User, for and on behalf of User and User's heirs, successors, assigns, and legal representatives, hereby forever releases and discharges Company Parties from any and all liabilities, claims, damages, actions, and losses in any way related to or connected with any loss or disclosure of User Content, Data, or other personal information.

#### Use of Data and Content

Company does not sell User Data or Content. Company discloses, transmits, or shares User Data and/or Content only as follows: (a) as provided in this Privacy Policy or in the Terms of Use; (b) pursuant to User's consent, authorization, or designation (for example, when User designates educational organizations, business organizations, or other persons, entities, or organizations to have access to or copies of User's background report, immunization records, Data, Content, or verifications contained within User's Account); (c) to educational institutions and/or departments, institutions, programs, or healthcare facilities or partners affiliated with or a part of such educational institutions (such as hospitals and clinical sites) at which User is enrolled, admitted, employed, being trained, attending instruction or class, serving as an intern, or in a similar position, or applying or being considered for enrollment, admission, employment, training, instruction, internship, or a similar position ("Educational Institutions"); (d) when a service provided on the Website requires interaction with a third party, or is provided by a third party, such as an application service provider; (e) to Company's agents, employees, or contractors as necessary, in Company's discretion, to perform or provide the products or services requested or purchased by User, such as background reports; (f) as required by law, subpoena, or order of any court or government agency having jurisdiction over Company; or (g) Company or the Website are purchased, in which event the third-party purchaser will have access to and use of the Data and Content in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use.

#### Right to Delete/Terminate Account

Company, in its sole discretion, may delete User's Account or Data and Content with or without notice to User. Company reserves the right to permanently block any User who violates this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use. Even after deletion of an Account, Company may retain User Data and Content for archival purposes. This information is maintained to allow Company to recover Data and Content and restore Accounts in the event of equipment or system failure or to abide by legal requirements.

#### Links

The Website contains links to other websites. Company is not responsible for, and shall have no liability to User with respect to, the privacy policies, terms of use, content, products, services, and/or operations, practices or policies on these other websites. When linking to another website a User should read the terms of use and privacy policy posted on that website. Company's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy only govern Company's Website.

Use of Cookies 

Company uses cookies to collect and store User's preferences, usage habits, and record session information. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to User's hard drive and used for record-keeping purposes. A cookie file can contain information such as the URL, computer IP address, domain type, browser type, the country, state, and telephone area code where User's server is located, the pages of the Website viewed, and any search terms entered on the Website. These cookies allow Company to customize the Website content to User's preferences, profile, and/or demographic information. Company does not link the stored information to any personally identifiable information. Users may configure their browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify User when a cookie is set. Users must enable cookies from Company in order to use most functions on the Website. Please note that Company allows third party advertisers to access cookies on a User's computer. Advertisers' use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy.

#### Third Party Advertising

Advertisements may be delivered to User by Company or a third-party company that has an advertising contractual relationship with Company ("Advertiser"). Such Advertisers may set cookies on User's computer to allow the Advertisers to recognize User's computer in the future and store User's preferences. Company and Advertisers may use the cookies to compile information about User. Such information allows Company and Advertisers to deliver targeted advertisements that it or they believe will be of most interest to User. This Privacy Policy covers only Company's cookies, not the use of cookies by any third party Advertisers.

#### Email Choice/Opt-out

User may choose not to receive updates, notifications, Company newsletters, and/or Company advertisements by choosing the appropriate opt-out option in the User Account preferences or in the email containing such newsletter, update, notification, or advertisement. All such updates, notifications, newsletters, and advertisements will also include instructions for opting-out of those communications in the future.

#### International Users

Company may collect, process, and maintain User information in the United States, where privacy laws may not be as protective as in a User's home country. Users using the Website from outside the United States are consenting to the transfer of User's information to the United States for processing and maintaining in a manner consistent with these Terms of Use.

#### Surveys

Company may request User to participate in surveys relating to the Website, Company, or Company's affiliates or third party advertisers. Participation in such surveys is completely voluntary. However, Company encourages User to participate in these surveys as they provide information which will be used to improve the Website. The surveys may request contact information, such as User's name and email address, demographic information, age, or income level. Company, its affiliates and third party advertisers conduct such surveys in order to target advertising and learn User preferences. Company may share the information collected from these surveys with its affiliates, third party advertisers, and the general public, but will not share User's personally identifiable information with any third party without User's prior consent.

#### Contests and Sweepstakes

Company may hold contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions on the Website. Participation in such contests, sweepstakes or other promotions is voluntary and may require entrants to provide personal or contact information. Company will use the information collected to verify the entrant's identity and age and to communicate with entrants. Company will not share any of the entrant's personal or contact information with any third party except to service providers, if any, as disclosed at the time of entry, if User is a contest winner, or as may be required by law. Company may make information about entrants available in aggregated form to advertisers, partners and the general public.

#### Mergers, Acquisitions and Bankruptcy

the event that Company is acquired by or merged with any third party entity, Company reserves the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign Users' Content and Data, and the licenses obtained from User for Content and Data, and any information Company has collected from User. In the unlikely event of Company's bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, Company may not be able to control how User's personal information is treated, transferred, or used.
