> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the m6.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-07-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180705045611id_/https%3A//www.m6.net/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Contact M6.Net

## Privacy Statement

We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, name and address, telephone number, fax number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).

The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site

With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit.

If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.

If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.

Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.

With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.

From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.

Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information that we maintain about them, financial information (e.g., credit card account information) that we maintain about them, unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them , a description of information that we maintain about them.

Customers can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address, visiting us at https://customers.m6.net/

Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information, unique identifiers, transaction information, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to the site.

With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or personally identifiable information, we redirect visitors to a secure server, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.

If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us, state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau, state or local consumer protection office.
