> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bonchon.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170219053753id_/https%3A//bonchon.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - BonChon

BONCHON CHICKEN (hereinafter referred to as either, “The Company”, “We”, “Us” or “Our”) is committed to protecting the privacy of personal information you may provide Us on this website (the “Site”). We believe it is important for you to know how We treat your personal information. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, you should immediately cease the use of the Site.

You may browse our site without registering and providing personal information. If you choose, however, to place an order, apply for a job, refer a potential employee or submit a site for a potential restaurant to us online, we request certain personal information such as your name, residential and email addresses, and phone number. If you are interested in a franchise and would like to complete a franchise application online, we request not only your name, residential and email addresses and phone number but also your birthdate, social security number, immigration status, criminal history, and information regarding your assets and liabilities. We use all this information only for the purpose for which it is requested. For example, when you place an order online, the information you provide will be used only to fill, bill and deliver your order to you at the address specified and, if necessary, to contact you about your order. The personal information you provide regarding your employment and your financial background, we use to evaluate your candidacy as either a potential employee or potential franchisee, depending upon the application you have submitted. We do not sell or divulge your personal information to any third parties, unless of course the law requires us to do so. We have established internal procedures to guarantee and ensure that the information you provide to us is used only for these purposes.

“Cookies” are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow the web site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most web sites, BonChon’s uses cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your on-line experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous aggregate basis. We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site, to keep track of the items in your shopping cart if you purchase merchandise online, to administer certain contests and sweepstakes and to help customize your BonChon’s web experience. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in those instances.

Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the “Help” section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of this web site.

We may offer links to sites that are not operated by BonChon. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies, and any information you submit to those companies is subject to their privacy policies

All BonChon’s web sites operated by BonChon will adhere to this privacy policy. The policies of some BonChon’s sites may vary, however, because of local customs, practices or laws or due to circumstances unique to that site. In all cases, however, sites operated by BonChon’s Corporation will honor the commitments to our customers set forth in this policy regarding the collection and use of personal information.

Many BonChon’s restaurants are owned and operated by franchisees, who are independent businessmen and women. Some franchisees also operate web sites. In many cases, franchisee sites follow this privacy policy. However, please review the privacy policy of each site to determine the privacy policies of that site.

While there is no such thing as “perfect security” on the Internet, BonChon’s will take all reasonable steps to insure the safety of your personal information.This site is a general audience site and does not target or intend to collect personal information from children.

BonChon reserves the right to change or update this privacy policy at any time. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to the site. If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, you may email us at bonchon@bonchon.com or call us at 212-273-9797.
