> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bonnaroo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111210043721id_/http%3A//www.bonnaroo.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Bonnaroo

**Privacy Policy**. 

This privacy policy describes Bonnaroo's current policies and practices with regard to personal data collected by Bonnaroo through its website [bonnaroo.com](http://www.bonnaroo.com/) and personal data associated with the purchase of a “ticket” or “RFID wristband.” This privacy policy is independent from Bonnaroo's offline personal data collection practices. The term "personal data" refers to personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, birth date, credit card number, e-mail address or mailing address, and any other information that is identified with you personally, including your individual health information.

**Notification of Changes to This Policy.**  
Bonnaroo is continually improving and adding new functionality and features to its websites and improving and adding to our existing products, services, and programs. Because of these ongoing changes, changes in the law, and the changing nature of technology, Bonnaroo's data practices will change from time to time. If and when our data practices change, Bonnaroo will post the changes on our websites to notify you of the changes. We encourage you to check this page frequently. This policy was last updated on April 28, 2011.

**Personal Data Collected Through** [bonnaroo.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20111210043721id_/http%3A/).   
Other than cookies, as described below, the only personal data Bonnaroo currently collects through its websites is the information you voluntarily give us when you use our sites.

For example, you may use this site to contact Bonnaroo with questions and comments. When you fill out a form on our websites, you may provide your name and other contact information, including your company's name, your e-mail address, and your mailing address or the mailing address of your company or other personal information. If you do not wish to fill out all of the information on the form you are not required to do so. Most of our registration forms require only your name and e-mail address. When you submit information to us through [bonnaroo.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20111210043721id_/http%3A/), you will receive a confirmation e-mail if you enter a valid e-mail address. When you use our websites to search for information about our festival, you are not providing us with any personal information. We offer the search features as a service to you. Bonnaroo does not collect or retain any identifying information about you when you use the search features.

**Personal Data Collected Through RFID Wristband Purchase**  
When purchasing tickets to Bonnaroo, the purchaser is required to provide us with the information necessary to process their ticket order:  name, address, credit card number, and other information required by Musictoday, the official ticket company for Bonnaroo.  
Once you receive your wristbands, each individual in your party will have the option of registering that wristband on line as theirs and theirs alone.

If you choose to register your wristband, the only personal data that Bonnaroo will collect is the information that you choose to give us.  Some of this information is necessary to register your wristband and some of it is optional.

**Use of Personal Data Collected Through** [bonnaroo.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20111210043721id_/http%3A/).   
Bonnaroo uses the personal data information you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Bonnaroo and our affiliates also use this information to help us improve the content and functionality of our websites, to better understand our customers and markets, and to improve our products and services. Bonnaroo and our affiliates may use this information to contact you in the future to tell you about products or services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "unsubscribe' from receiving future communications.

Similarly, we may provide "subscription" e-mail services, either directly or through affiliates, which enable you to receive current news and updates about the Bonnaroo Music & Arts Festival. For all such services, we will provide an opportunity to "unsubscribe" from, or cancel, the subscription. Please see the Terms and Conditions page, located at <http://www.musictoday.com/about/legal.asp> for more information about our use of the communications we receive through the Bonnaroo website.

**Registration of RFID Wristbands and Use of Personal Data Collected Through   RFID Wristband Purchase and Registration**  
When a ticket order is placed with us, we collect certain data during the order process.   In addition, when the individual RFID wristbands issued in lieu of tickets are registered, we collect certain data about the person registering the RFID wristband.   By registering your RFID wristband with us, your RFID wristband will be associated with you, as opposed to your ticket order, which may have included more than one ticket.   In addition, registering your RFID wristband gives you the opportunity to receive communications about the festival from us.  

Bonnaroo may use the personal data information you provide when you purchase tickets and, additionally, the information you provide if you choose to register your RFID wristband, to contact you with information about your order or the festival.  Bonnaroo and our affiliates also use this information to help us improve the content and functionality of our festival operations, to better understand our customers and markets, and to improve our products and services. Further, Bonnaroo and our affiliates may use the information we collect during the ticket ordering and RFID wristband registration to contact you in the future to tell you about products or services we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, each email communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to "unsubscribe” from receiving future email communications.

Additionally, we may use the anonymous data provided by RFID technology for internal purposes, such as data analysis, to continually improve the operation of the festival.  This data might include, but is not limited to, how many visitors enter the festival site, the date and time of their visit, the number of times they entered and exited, and which entrances and exits they came through. Your RFID wristband does not store any personally identifiable information about you but it is associated in our ticketing systems with your ticket order, and when registered, with the person wearing the RFID wristband.  Your RFID wristband will allow the limited set of employees at the festival who have access to our ticketing systems in order to provide ticketing and RFID wristband related customer service to scan the RFID wristband and retrieve information we collect during the ticket ordering and RFID wristband registration processes.  Our employees scanning RFID wristbands at the gates will not have access to our ticketing system, your ticket order information or your RFID registration information.  When you scan your RFID wristband at one of our gate scanners, that process provides us information about your entry into the festival or the applicable part of the festival where the scanner is located.    
.  
**  
Anonymous Data Collected** [bonnaroo.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20111210043721id_/http%3A/).   
In addition to the information you provide when you use our websites, Bonnaroo uses technology to collect anonymous information about the use of our websites. For example, we use technology to track how many visitors access our websites, the date and time of their visit, the length of their stay, and whi 
