> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bonzuna.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161017234124id_/http%3A//bonzuna.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Website

**Privacy Policy**  


**Last Updated: August 28, 2012**

The Bonzuna.com website (the " **Site** ") is owned and operated by Dynamo Media, Inc. (" **we** " or " **us** " or "Dynamo "). Internet privacy is an issue that we take very seriously. We provide this Privacy Policy so that our Site users ("you") will know what personally identifiable information is being collected about you, how that information is being used, and with whom it is being shared. This Privacy Policy addresses these issues as well as additional privacy-related issues that we believe may be of interest to you. This Privacy Policy does not govern our collection of information through any websites other than the Site, and does not govern the collection of information by our affiliates.

This Privacy Policy describes the online privacy practices for the Site and the various services (collectively, the " **Services** ") we provide on or through the Site. By using the Site or the Services or by providing any personally identifiable information using the Site or Services, you are agreeing to the collection and use of such information in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.

**Eligibility**

**_You must be 13 years of age or older to register or use the Site and the Services. If you are older than 13 but under 18 years of age, by using the Site and the Services you are telling us that you and your parent or guardian have reviewed and consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy. (Please see our Terms of Service located at_**[ ** _http://bonzuna.com/terms.php_**](https://web.archive.org/terms.php) ** _for further information.)_**

**Changes to this Privacy Policy**

The terms of this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. You should check back at the Site regularly to determine if any material changes have been made. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the "Last Updated" legend at the top of this page. We will prominently post material changes on the Site at least 14 days prior to the effective date of the change and will also attempt to provide you with an on-line notice informing you when such material changes have been made to this Privacy Policy. You agree that your continued use of the Site and Services following the effective date of any such changes will constitute your affirmative consent to the revised Privacy Policy. If you do not accept such revisions, you must remove the Bonzuna/SearchBrowsing toolbar (the "Toolbar") from your computer and cease all access to and use of the Site and Services hereunder.

**Information Collection**

We gather two basic types of information through the Site: "Anonymous Information" and "Personally Identifiable Information." Anonymous Information is information that does not personally identify you, such as IP address, other browser information, demographic information and information about your interests. Personally Identifiable Information is information you provide to us that specifically identifies you as an individual, such as your name, physical mailing address, email address and telephone number. Information identifying an entity other than an individual, (e.g., a corporation, partnership, joint venture and so forth), does not constitute Personally Identifiable Information and is treated as Anonymous Information.

_Anonymous Information_

We collect Anonymous Information when you visit and interact with the Site or the Services. Examples of ways in which we collect Anonymous Information include the following:

_Browser Information:_ Each time you come to the Site, we collect the limited Anonymous Information that your browser makes available whenever you visit any website. This information includes: (a) your Internet Protocol (IP) address; (b) your domain name (e.g. whether you logged on from compaq.com or whitehouse.gov); (c) the address of the last URL you visited prior to clicking through to the Site; (d) your browser and platform type (e.g., a Netscape browser on a Macintosh platform); (e) your browser language; and (f) the data in any undeleted cookies that your browser previously accepted from us (see "Cookies and Pixel Tags" below).

_IP Address Information:_ Your IP address is an identifying number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). This number is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit the Site, along with the time(s) of your visit(s) and the page(s) that you visited. Collecting IP addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many websites. IP address information, among other things, enables us to determine a user's Internet service provider and the geographic location of a user's point of connectivity.

_Cookies and Pixel Tags:_ The Site use cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags to track traffic flow and patterns of travel within and through the Site. Some types of software we distribute also use cookies to indicate the distribution source for the software (so we can appropriately compensate our distributors and to provide us retention and usage information) and to store user preferences. Cookies are a standard Internet technology that allow us to both store and retrieve login information on a user's system. Our Web server automatically asks a new user's browser whether it will accept our cookie file. If the user's browser accepts our cookie, our Web server will record the cookie's unique ID for our use in internal reporting. Every time the user returns to the Site, we will be able to read that cookie's ID number and, among other things, can customize the services we deliver based on the user's past preferences. If a user accepts our cookie, but would later like to remove it from his or her computer, he or she can delete it using the browser. (Consult your browser's "help" menu to learn how to delete cookies.) In the event a user indicates he or she is under 13 years of age when attempting to register with the Site, such user's user name, birthdate, and date of attempted registration will be stored in a file on the user's computer for a period of time to help prevent future registration by such user. Such personally identifiable information is not transmitted to us.

_Software Products:_ If you have installed one of our software products, your use of such software may send additional information to us, such as: your IP address, your browser type, your default language setting and an identification of any button or menu item you selected or activated. Your use of the Toolbar is governed by an End User License Agreement located at [http://Bonzuna.com/eula.php](http://bonzuna.com/eula.php)

_Information You Voluntarily Provide:_ We also collect Anonymous Information when you voluntarily provide such information to us. For example, you may choose to add information (such as interests, favorite weblinks, quotes and keyword tags) to your Profile Page. We may also ask you a series of questions, many of which are optional, regarding your interests that will allow other users to search for people with common interests. All such information about your interests is Anonymous Information, unless it is associated with your Personally Identifiable Information, in which case it will be treated as Personally Identifiable Information to the extent it is so linked.

_Miscellaneous:_ With the exception of your domain name (e.g., whether you logged on from compaq.com or whitehouse.gov), and the URL you visited prior to coming to our site, we do not automatically collect information about other websites you visit on the Internet. We also do not collect any data regarding your computer keystrokes (or other data) unrelated to the Services, the Site and the software.

**Information Use** If we do associate Anonymous Information with Personally Identifiable Information, we will treat such Anonymous Information as Personally Identifiable Information to the extent so linked; if such information is no longer linked, we will resume treating it as Anonymous Information. For this reason, we do not consider your IP address to be Personally Identifiable Information (unless and until such an association is made, such as in response to a court order).

_Anonymous Information_ Because Anonymous Information does not personally identify you, we may use such information for any purpose. In addition, we reserve the right to share such Anonymous Information, which does not personally identify you, with third parties, for any purpose. For example, we collect the types of Anonymous Information described above to improve the overall quality of the online experience, including product monitoring, product improvement, saving avatar settings, and advertising. We may also use Anonymous Information to count, track, and aggregate our users' activities into our analysis of general traffic flows at the Site (e.g. tracking where traffic comes from, how traffic flows within the Site, etc.). In addition, we may use Anonymous Information we collect to ensure that these third-parties are appropriately compensating us and that we are appropriately compensating our distributors. All information about our users' activity is generally evaluated on an anonymous (and generally only on an aggregated) basis, except in situations such as a response to a customer service inquiry or to legal process. Additionally, we may use your IP address, and the IP addresses of other users, to calculate Site usage levels, to help diagnose problems with the Site's servers, and to administer the Site.

In addition, we may merge Anonymous Information about you into group data, which may then be shared on an aggregated basis with our advertisers. If you provide us with answers to voluntary survey questions, we may present this information to our advertisers and partners in the form of grouped statistics compiled from our users' answers to such questions. Please note that this is not a complete list, but simply a few examples, of the ways in which we use and share Anonymous Information.

_Personally Identifiable Information_

We use your Personally Identifiable Information as described below: Provision of Services: We use your Personally Identifiable Information to provide you personalized service, to ensure the smooth operation of the Site and Services, to improve the Site and Services, and in connection with the enforcement of our Terms of Service for the Site and this Privacy Policy. We also may use your Personally Identifiable Information to send you a welcome email following registration, to send you a periodic newsletter, or to contact you to respond to a request or inquiry from you, to communicate with you about your account (including notifications related to friend requests, security alerts/updates, as well as periodic reminders or surveys if you haven't visited in some time, have cancelled your account or allowed your account to lapse), or to let you know about updates, new features or special offers (including events, new boutiques or games, sweepstakes, coupons or surveys from our marketing partners). If your Bonzuna and Facebook accounts are linked via Facebook Connect, Bonzuna may also send you periodic private emails through Facebook. Users have the option to 'opt out' of such emails on Facebook by choosing the appropriate settings in the Facebook Applications Settings page.

_External Service Providers:_ We may use external service providers to facilitate operation of the Site and the Services, and to evaluate or provide other support in connection with the Site and the Services. This may require disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information to these service providers. In some instances, such external service providers may collect information directly from you in connection with the Services. In all cases, we seek to have commercially reasonable contractual safeguards in place that require these external service providers to use any Personally Identifiable Information disclosed to them by us solely for the purpose of providing services to us.

_Credit Card Companies and Other Vendors:_ We note that your Payment Information may be disclosed by us to third parties in order to process or otherwise complete a transaction in which payment is by credit card. We note that such third parties may have privacy policies that differ significantly from this Privacy Policy.

_Third Parties:_ We do not intentionally rent, sell or otherwise provide a user's Personally Identifiable Information to third parties for such third parties' direct marketing purposes.

_Invitations to Unregistered Users:_ If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our Site or Services, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will then send to your friend on your behalf a single email inviting him or her to visit the Site. Your friend may contact us at [privacy@Bonzuna.com](mailto:privacy@Bonzuna.com) to request that we remove this information from our database.

_Law Enforcement/Legal Requirements:_ Notwithstanding any other provision in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information if we believe we are required to do so (a) by law; (b) to comply with court orders or subpoenas; (c) in cooperation with a law enforcement or government request; (d) where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person; (e) to enforce our Terms of Service located at <http://bonzuna.com/terms.php> ; (f) as necessary to render or conduct a legitimate business activity related to a service we provide; (g) to protect our operations or those of our affiliates; (h) to permit us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain; or (i) to comply with legal or regulatory obligations.

_Corporate Restructuring:_ Notwithstanding any other provision in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to transfer your Personally Identifiable Information and other information to a third party if we or any of our affiliates are involved in a corporate restructuring (e.g., a sale, merger or other transfer of assets).

**Features Disclosing Information**

We note that your use of certain features in connection with the Site or Services may result in the public disclosure of certain Anonymous Information and/or Personally Identifiable Information to others. Examples of such features include the following:

_Facebook Connect:_ If you choose to link your Facebook profile to your Bonzuna account via the Facebook Connect feature, your name and profile picture from Facebook will be visible on Bonzuna.com to Bonzuna users who are already your Facebook friends. Please note the use of Facebook and Facebook's collection of information practices are governed by the separate Facebook [Terms of Service](http://www.facebook.com/terms.php) and [Privacy Policy](http://www.facebook.com/policy.php), respectively. If you wish to disable your Facebook profile from your Bonzuna account, you should go to your Bonzuna.com profile page, select "Edit Profile" and select the "Disable Account" option next to the Facebook Connect category.

PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO INFORMATION POSTED IN A ZCHAT CHAT ROOM, IN A ZNOTE OR IN ANY OTHER INTERACTIVE FORUMS AVAILABLE ON OR THROUGH THE SITE OR THE SERVICES THAT ARE ACCESSIBLE TO OTHER REGISTERED SITE USERS, VISITORS TO THE SITE OR THE GENERAL PUBLIC.

In our efforts to keep the Site safe and pleasant for all of our users, we may record and store transcripts of communications exchanged during a particular ZChat session if a user has reported to us an occurrence of abusive conduct during such ZChat session.

**Children Under the Age of 13**

As a matter of policy, visitors known to be under the age of 13 are prohibited from registering for or using the Site or Services. In accordance with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ("COPPA"), we also do not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from anyone under the age of 13.

**Other Websites/Links**

We do not control the information collection and distribution policies on Internet domains other than the Sites. When you are on the Site, you may be directed to other websites that are beyond our control. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement or a search result, the "click" may take you off of the Site. These other websites may independently collect data, solicit personal information, or send their own cookies to you. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such websites and any use of the information including click-stream data, which you may create when using such third party sites.

We also offer you access to "co-branded" services that are jointly provided by us and selected third parties. In many cases, these co-branded services will contain the Site's branding, but might not be hosted by us. You may notice that you are on a co-branded site if the pages say "provided by," if our standard branding is not displayed on the top of the page, or if you are asked to subscribe for any service or provide additional information. In such cases, you should follow the privacy link on the page to determine which party's privacy policy protects the information you enter on the page. Even if the page is governed by a separate privacy policy, we might be entitled to receive about what you do when using that service. If you elect to provide additional Personally Identifiable Information using a co-branded service, the Personally Identifiable Information you provide may be shared or jointly retained by the third party provider of that service in accordance with that provider's privacy policies and terms of service. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of these third parties and to contact such third parties directly if you have any questions about their use of this information. When we enter into co-branding service relationships, we generally require the third party service provider to include a link to its applicable privacy policies and terms of service on the co-branded pages. Please note that our use of any Personally Identifiable Information received by us from these services will be governed by this Privacy Policy.

PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT ADDRESS THE PRIVACY PRACTICES OF ANY THIRD PARTIES.

**Security**

We have security measures in place intended to assist in preventing unauthorized access to and in safeguarding Personally Identifiable Information we collect online. We seek to limit access to your Personally Identifiable Information to employees and representatives who we believe reasonably need access to that information to provide products or services to you or in order to perform their jobs. Each of these people has been informed of the need to maintain the security and confidentiality of such information. Unfortunately, no security system can be 100% secured; accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of any information provided to us in connection with the information that we collect online.

**Reviewing, Editing, or Deleting Personally Identifiable Information**

Finally, we are not responsible for removing information from the databases of third parties with whom we have already shared your Personally Identifiable Information. Please note that information posted in a chat room cannot be edited or deleted.

**Questions?**

Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to [privacy@Bonzuna.com](mailto:privacy@Bonzuna.com).
