> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the slide.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111005015508id_/http%3A//www.slide.com/static/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Slide - Privacy Policy

Last updated: June 30, 2009

Welcome to Slide, a personal online service operated by Slide Inc. ("Slide") which includes Slide software (which consists of, among other things, software that you may have downloaded or are about to download, any software that you have embedded on a web site or are about to embed ("Slide Widgets"), any applications created by Slide and available through social networking sites or through domains owned by Slide, such as www.spp.com, www.superpokepets.com, www.superpoke.com and www.topfriends.com ("SNS Apps") and any software running on Slide's server, collectively the "Slide Software"), content, related documentation, information on the Slide domain, and information made available by users to each other through the Slide Software (collectively, the "Service"). Your privacy is important to us and, as described in this Privacy Policy, we have designed the Service to protect information about you from unauthorized disclosure to others. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use and, in certain circumstances, share your personally identifying information. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, and if you have any questions, feel free to contact us.

By using the Service, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you acknowledge that such policy may be amended from time to time and you will be bound by such amendments once notice thereof has been posted on the website www.slide.com and elsewhere. Nevertheless, you should visit this page periodically to review any changes to the Privacy Policy.

### What We Collect

**INFORMATION YOU GIVE US:**

Slide gives you a number of options regarding what information you will give us:

When you register to become a member of Slide,

identify yourself on a Slide Widget,

become a "Fan" of a Slideshow, or

create an account through an SNS App, you may do so anonymously, or you can give us your email address.

When you use an SNS App, or register with Slide, you may be offered the opportunity to upload your address book to facilitate your communication with your friends through the Service. In addition, we may offer you the opportunity to submit other information about yourself (such as gender, age, occupation, hobbies, interests, zip code, etc.).

Also, when you sign up for one of our premium services, purchase virtual currency or virtual goods, or subscribe for one of our paid services, as described in our Virtual Goods Agreement (a "Payment Transaction"), we will collect other information such as credit card numbers and/or cell phone numbers, as well as other information about you necessary to ensure that the transaction is properly authorized, such as your address, zip code, and CVV2 number (collectively, "Payment Information"). We also may retain such information (or our third party "fulfillment house", such as PayPal, may retain such information) to facilitate future transactions. See "Controlling Your Personal Information" below if you would like us not to use that information to assist you in completing future transactions.

If, in connection with a Payment Transaction, you are presented and select an I AGREE button or box with a link to terms of use, you are providing 'written instructions' to Slide under the Fair Credit Reporting Act authorizing Slide to obtain information from your personal credit profile or other information from one or more of the credit reporting agencies (including Experian, TransUnion and Equifax). You authorize Slide to obtain such information solely to determine whether to extend credit to you in connection with a Payment Transaction, for purposes of review or collection on your account, or to facilitate the acquisition and validation of Payment Information.

In addition to information about yourself, you may submit other content ("Content"), such as photos and other media, each of which you present through technology available through the Service. It is entirely up to you whether you want to submit this additional information, and whether you would like to make it or your Slide Widgets available to others. To protect your privacy, the Service allows you to mark your Content as "Private", in which event it can only be seen by you and people with whom the unique URL of your Content has been shared, or in accordance with the terms applicable to social networking sites on which you include Content through SNS Apps. However, Slide has no responsibility for how people you allow to view your Content (or the public if you make any information available to the public) use that material, or to whom they may forward it. Moreover, if you "embed" a Slide Widget on another web page or share Content through an SNS App, it will be visible to the public in accordance with the policies of that web page, regardless of whether you have restricted access to that Content on Slide.

Finally, we may use information that you include in emails to us to assist us in providing the Service, and we may publish that information on an anonymous basis. In addition, the text of any posting on any one of the forums, bulletin boards, or other similar publically accessible systems offered by Slide (including any market place or wish list) becomes the property of Slide, and may be republished by Slide in its sole discretion.

In each case, we will collect and record the information you have provided.

**INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM OTHER SOURCES:**

Other than names and email addresses provided at your discretion, or information you give us in connection with our paid services (see our Virtual Goods Terms of Use) we don't generally require you to give us any "Personally Identifying Information" about yourself. However, we may be able to collect certain information about you (such as gender, age, occupation, hobbies, interests, zip code, etc.) from social networking systems on which you have used Slide Widgets or SNS Apps (in accordance with the terms of use of those systems), which would then also be covered by this Privacy Policy.

In addition, Slide may be provided certain information from your user profile on the social networking sites by the host of those sites.

Furthermore, when you use an SNS App on your social network page or use an SNS App on someone else's page, we may record information regarding the use of that SNS App, and we may collect other information that is visible on your social network page in accordance with the relevant terms of use associated with that page. When you invite new members into your network or send messages through the Service, we collect and maintain on secure servers the information associated with those messages, including email addresses and content.

Finally, in order to provide the best possible service and to allow us to make certain internal reports and make recommendations, we collect aggregate information about the use of the Service, including information about users accessing the Slide site or viewing Slide Widgets or using SNS Apps on other sites, such as internet protocol addresses, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, other browser history, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, and the date and time ("Activity Information").

By using the Service, you consent to our retaining all the above-described information indefinitely.

You should also be aware that most video delivered through Slide SNS Apps or Slide Widgets originates with another content provider. Such other content providers may place "cookies" on your browser, or otherwise gather information about you, including by asking you to provide information through the video player itself. Users are able to insert a wide variety of video players within our SNS Apps and Widgets, and we cannot control the operation of such video players. IT IS UP TO YOU TO REVIEW THE TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICY OF THE ORIGINATORS OF SUCH CONTENT.

### How We Use Your Information

We do not sell or rent your "Personally Identifiable Information" to any third party without your express approval except: as reasonably necessary to fulfill your service request, to third-party fulfillment houses, customer support, billing and credit verification services, and the like; to comply with tax and other applicable law; as otherwise expressly permitted by this Privacy Policy or Slide's Terms of Use, located at www.slide.com/static/terms, or as otherwise authorized by you. Slide does not guarantee the security of any of your private transmissions against unauthorized or unlawful interception or access by third parties.

We may, however, use certain information about you that is not Personally Identifiable Information in determining the kinds of Content that you would like to view and to assist any advertisers in targeting their advertising. We also may use your Payment Information to facilitate future transactions by you. If you would like us not to use your Payment Information in that manner, please send an email to Subscriptions@Slide.com and provide us with your user name/email address and we will reflect that request in our records – Please understand, however, that such changes are a manual process, and Slide cannot evaluate such requests or remove such items immediately.

We make your profile available to other users according to the privacy settings you set for yourself as part of your profile. Your user name will be identified to us and to any recipient of messages you send through the Service. We also use your name, email address and other information on our system to notify you of new product releases, service notifications, and to solicit your feedback and input. In the event that we decide to allow you to submit other information about yourself, the availability of that information to other users will also be controlled by privacy settings you will set for yourself. In the event that you make your Slide Widgets publicly available, or "embed" them on another publicly available web site (such as a social networking site), we may include links to those shows or web sites or otherwise identify them in our marketing materials as places where Slide Widgets that may interest other users can be found.

If you choose to become a "Fan" of a Slideshow or identify yourself as a visitor to a Guestbook, and provide us with an email address, we will allow the owner of that Slideshow or Guestbook to send you communications through the Service. Those emails will contain an "unsubscribe" link should you ever decide you do not want to receive further emails from the owner of that Slideshow or Guestbook.

You understand and agree that we may access, preserve, and disclose any information we may have about you and the contents of your account if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to avoid liability, to comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order, or to protect our rights and property, or that of our affiliates or the public. Slide is not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that Slide receives. Slide may maintain copies of your Content indefinitely, or it may delete certain Content in whole or in part if Slide determines, in its sole discretion, that such Content constitutes an "Infringing Posting" or a "Prohibited Posting" as defined in our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20111005015508id_/http%3A//www.slide.com/static/terms.html) or for any or no reason.

We also use non-Personally Identifiable Information and certain technical information about your computer and your access of the Service (including your internet protocol address) in order to operate, maintain and manage the Service. Slide may disclose information about you to its partners in order to provide the Service, resolve service problems and correct errors in the Service, to communicate with you about the Service, to provide you with advertising and promotional information in connection with the Service, and to enhance your experience on the Service. However, we do not give our partners an independent right to share this information. Due to our contractual obligations with these third parties and the need to share information to deliver and support the Service, we cannot provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of sharing information (whether Personally Identifiable Information or other information) with these third parties. Slide, certain of its partners, and each of their contractors and employees may view the Content that you upload to the Service in order to provide the Service and otherwise perform the tasks set forth in this Privacy Policy.

### Controlling Your Personal Information

Be advised that if you send messages or post material containing personal information, that information may be collected and used by others. The Service provides a number of tools that you can use to control the availability of your profile and other personal information. You can edit your profile and other information at any time through the Slide software. You can also adjust your profile and the privacy setting of each Slide Widget you've created using the Service so that only you, your friends, and/or friends of friends with whom the unique URL of your Content has been shared may view your information or Slide Widgets, or you can make that information available to everyone. Moreover, if you "embed" a Slide Widget on another web page or share Content through an SNS App, it will be visible to the public in accordance with the policies of that web page or social networking site, regardless of whether you have restricted access to that Content on Slide. Slide has no responsibility for how people you allow to view your Content (or the public if you make any information available to the public) use that material, or to whom they may forward it.

You can terminate your account at any time which will remove your profile and other personal information from view. Slide, however, may (but is not obligated to) keep information about you that is on its system following your termination. Contact Slide at [Feedback@Slide.com](mailto:Feedback@Slide.com) to terminate your account or for any other questions about your personal information. If you would like us not to use your Payment Information to facilitate future transactions (i.e., require you to reenter that information each time you undertake a Payment Transaction), please send an email to [Subscriptions@Slide.com](mailto:Subscriptions@Slide.com) and provide us with your user name/email address and we will reflect that request in our records – Please understand, however, that such changes are a manual process, and Slide cannot evaluate such requests or remove such items immediately.

### Transfer of Information

We reserve the right to transfer your personal information in the event of a transfer of ownership of Slide or the acquisition of substantially all the assets of Slide related to the business which collected such information, such as acquisition by or merger with another company (including an acquisition of less than all of the assets of Slide). In such an event, Slide will notify users who have provided email addresses when information about those users is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

### Others' Information

You may decide to provide us with another person's email address so that person may be invited to join Slide or so that we may facilitate your communication with other people through the Service (such as when you upload an address book). You may also provide us with another person's contact information for purposes of delivering information through SNS Apps. We use this information to contact and, if necessary, remind that person that he or she has been invited to join Slide or received content through an SNS App. All invitees are provided with the option not to receive further invitations from Slide. We may disclose such information if required to do so in order to comply with legal process, as described above.

### Cookies

The Service sends "cookies" to your computer when you access the Slide site, or otherwise view content through a Slide Widget, or use an SNS App and the Service uses such cookies as described here. The Service uses cookies to improve the quality of our service, make recommendations, and make the Service easier to use for our members. A cookie is a small text file recorded on your hard drive that identifies you as a unique user and contains certain information about your particular login session and/or your use of the Service.

### Use of Information

The Service may contain links to other web sites, and content in Slide Widgets and SNS Apps may be hosted by other web sites. In addition, as described above, most video offered through Slide Widgets or SNS Apps is served or hosted by other sites. These other sites maintain their own policies regarding cookies and the collection and use of personal information. It is up to you to review those policies yourself. Finally, you should be aware that when you "embed" a Slide Widget on another web site or share Content through an SNS App, the availability of that Content to the general public will be governed by the policies of that web site or social networking site.

### Third-Party Advertising Companies

We use third-party advertising companies such as Google AdSense (see separate disclosure re Google Ads below) to serve ads on our site and on certain Slide Widgets and SNS Apps. Our system and the third-party advertising technology uses information derived from Activity Information, cookies on your hard drive, your visits to our site, the Slide Widgets that you view and the SNS Apps you use, as well as information about your visits to Slide owned and other websites to target advertising to your personal interests. In addition, our advertisers may use other third-party advertising technology to target advertising on our site and other sites. In the course of advertisements being served to you, these advertising networks automatically receive your IP address and other non-personally identifiable information, and may place a unique third-party cookie or cookies on your computer. Similarly, third-party advertising companies may provide us with pixel tags (also called "clear gifs" or "beacons") to help manage and optimize our online advertising. Beacons enable us to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits the site on which the beacon is located, and to learn which banner ads bring users to a given site. To "opt-out", please click [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp).

Slide does not provide any Personally Identifiable Information to third-party advertising companies. Note, however, that if an advertiser asks Slide to show an advertisement to users with certain characteristics (for example, women ages 18-24) or a segment of that group (for example, women ages 18-24 who have viewed certain categories of content) and you respond to that advertisement, the third-party advertising company may conclude that you have the characteristics of the audience that they are trying to reach. Slide does not have access to or control over cookies, web beacons, or other technologies that advertising companies may use, and the privacy practices of these advertising companies are not covered by this privacy policy. Please contact these advertising companies directly for information on their data collection and privacy practices. For more information on available opt-out options for targeted advertising delivered by NAI member ad networks, see <http://www.networkadvertising.org/>.

### Google Ads Privacy Policy and Opt-Out Options

Google uses the DoubleClick DART cookie on publisher websites displaying AdSense for content ads, such as Slide's site, Widgets and SNS Apps. When users visit an AdSense publisher's website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be placed in the user's web browser cookie folder. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads for goods and services of interest to users based on their visits to this site and other sites (interest-based advertising). The DART cookie uses non-personally identifiable information to target these ads; it does not track or use any personal information such as a user's name, address, e-mail address, or phone number. Users may opt out of the use of DART cookie at <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html>.

For more information on Google Ads privacy policies, see "[Advertising and Privacy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html)" and "[Google Ad and Content Network Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_cookies.html)".

### Security

We use industry standard security measures to protect your information so that it is not made available to unauthorized parties. If you have any questions regarding which measures and techniques we use, feel free to contact us.

### Contests, Sweepstakes, and Promotions

From time to time you may be able to participate in contests, giveaways, sweepstakes or other similar promotions we sponsor. Participation may require sharing your personal information with us or third parties sponsoring the contest, giveaway, sweepstakes or promotion, and you should check the rules to determine how your information will be used and shared with others. Slide may announce specific rules in connection with any such opportunity, but regardless of whether specific rules are announced, all such opportunities will be controlled by Slide's "Contest Policies" set forth at www.slide.com/static/contest. Any rules announced at the time of a contest will be in addition to the Contest Policies. In addition, as a condition to receiving any awards or prizes, you may be required to provide additional information, to sign a release, or to authorize the use of certain information about you in marketing materials. If a third party administers the contest, your participation may be subject to additional terms and conditions and that third party's privacy policy. We are not responsible for such third parties. You should carefully review the Contest Policies and these third parties' terms and conditions before deciding whether to participate in a contest publicized through the Service.

### Additional Questions

Again, feel free to contact us by sending an email to [webmaster@slide.com](mailto:webmaster@slide.com), any time, if you have further questions about Slide or this Privacy Policy.

Please contact [legal@slide.com](mailto:legal@slide.com) if you would like to receive a copy of this document showing changes from previous versions.

Last updated: June 30, 2009
