> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sliderocket.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071215071213id_/http%3A//www.sliderocket.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SlideRocket

Thank you for visiting SlideRocket’s (“SlideRocket”) Internet web site located at the URL www.sliderocket.com (“Site”). This Privacy Policy details certain policies implemented throughout SlideRocket governing SlideRocket’s use of personally identifiable information about users of our Site and users of our services and/or software that is available for download on this Site. 

Due to the Internet’s rapidly evolving nature, SlideRocket may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, SlideRocket will post our updated Privacy Policy on our Site located at http://www.sliderocket.com/privacypolicy.html so you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information. SlideRocket will also send registered users of the Site e-mail notifications notifying such users of any changes to the Privacy Policy. SlideRocket encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this Site and/or continued provision of personally identifiable information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.

You can generally visit our Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, in certain sections of this Site and when you download any software we may offer, we may invite you to contact us with questions or comments or request information or complete a profile or registration form. Due to the nature of some of these activities, we may collect personally identifiable information such as your name, e-mail address, password, organization and other contact information that you voluntarily transmit with your communication to us. We also may collect information about you and your use of our Site, services and/or software through your use of our Site, services and/or software. When you register for an account, we will collect your first and last name, e-mail address, password and organization name and use this information to create a user account where you can create, manage, access and share presentations and other information that you post to the Site with other users of the Site that you designate.

We may use your personally identifiable information to register you to use our services or download client software, contact you to deliver certain services or information you have requested, verify your authority to enter our Site, improve the content and general administration of the Site and our services and provide you with notices regarding our services.

Through your user account, you can create a shared distribution list and designate the e-mail addresses of other users with whom you wish to provide access to your presentations and other information that you post on the Site. The presentations and other information that you post on the Site will not be shared with third parties except for those individuals that you designate as part of your shared distribution list. 

SlideRocket recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests.  This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. SlideRocket does not target its services or this Site to children under 13. SlideRocket does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.  ****

We may use small files called cookies to improve overall Site experience. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you.

The Site may track information that will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and which will not contain your personally identifiable information, for example, without limitation, the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, browser type, External Web Sites (defined below) linked to and IP addresses. We may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, and we may use such aggregate information to administer the Site, track users’ movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.

We may provide your personally identifiable information and the data generated by cookies and the aggregate information to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us in providing our services to you. For example, we may provide your personally identifiable information to a credit card processing company to process your payment.  We will also disclose your personally identifiable information (a) only if we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or otherwise in cooperation with an ongoing investigation of a governmental authority, (b) to enforce the SlideRocket Terms of Use agreement or to protect our rights or (c) to protect the safety of users of our Site and our services.  We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any company or organization except we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which SlideRocket participates or to a purchaser or acquirer of all or substantially all of SlideRocket’s assets to which this Site relates. ****

The Site may provide links to other Web sites or resources over which SlideRocket does not have control (“External Web Sites”). Such links do not constitute an endorsement by SlideRocket of those External Web Sites.  You acknowledge that SlideRocket is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that SlideRocket is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites. Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites.

We may employ procedural and technological measures, consistent with industry practice. Such measures are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.  SlideRocket may use encryption, secure socket layer and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information.

SlideRocket provides you with the ability to review and update the registration information that you provide to us by accessing and modifying this information on your user profile page.

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us via email at [privacy@sliderocket.com](mailto:privacy@sliderocket.com).

Our computer systems are currently based in the United States, so your personal data will be processed by us in the U.S. where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. If you create a user account with the Site as a visitor from outside the United States, by using the Site you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in the European Union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy was last updated: September 6, 2007  
This Privacy Policy is effective as of: September 6, 2007
