> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the slideshare.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120623191404id_/http%3A//www.slideshare.net/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SlideShare » Privacy Policy

  * SlideShare provides this Privacy Policy ( **“Privacy Policy”** ) to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from Visitors (as defined below) of http://www.slideshare.net (this **“Site”** ). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through this Site. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our [Terms of Service](http://www.slideshare.net/terms).
  * As used in this policy, the terms “using” and “processing” information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally. 

### Information Collection and Use 

  * Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Site, services, features and content, to administer Accounts (as defined below) (together, the “Service”) and to enable Visitors to enjoy and easily navigate the Site. 

#### Personally Identifiable Information. 

  * When you register with us through the Site, or when you choose to add information to your profile or elect to submit your personal information to third parties through the Site and the Services, we will ask you for personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you ( **“Personal Information”** ). Personal Information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, home address, phone number and certain information related to your social networks, including login credentials. If you apply for a “Business Account”, we may also ask for your payment information and information related to your business, such as address, phone number, and other relevant details. We use your Personal Information mainly to provide the Service and administer your inquiries and requests. 
  * We also collect the other information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your profile page (e.g., without limitation, zip code (on its own) and individual preferences) ( **“Non-Identifying Information”** ).
  * We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) mainly to provide the Service and administer your inquiries and requests. 
  * Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified. But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences). We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from others who use SlideShare to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyze and understand how our Site and Service are used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions. 
  * We also use your Personal Information to contact you with SlideShare marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your “member preferences” information. (See **“Changing or Deleting Information,”** below.) 

### Log Data

  * When you visit the Site, whether as a registered SlideShare user (a **“User”** ) or a non-registered visitor just browsing (any of these, a **“Visitor”** ), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ( **“Log Data”** ). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Service and for the Site’s technical administration, to increase our Site’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors’ needs. For example, some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Site again, it will recognize you and serve information appropriate to your interests. We also use this information to verify that Visitors to the Site meet the criteria required to process their requests. We do not treat Log Data as Personal Information or use it in association with other Personal Information, though we may aggregate, analyze and evaluate such information for the same purposes as stated above regarding other Non-Identifying Information.

### Cookies

  * Like many websites, we use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by Visitors and web traffic routing on the Site. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and Service and then close your browser. Third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Service. 

### Information Sharing and Disclosure 

  * _Others_. When you register through the Site and submit your Personal Information to create a profile page, other Visitors will see your “User Name” and the thumbnail image you choose to provide, if any. You can choose what other Personal Information you provide as part of your profile ( **“Additional User Information”** ). Providing Additional User Information is voluntary and should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with other Users. We recommend that you guard your sensitive information. In some instances, we may offer you the option to share your Personal Information and Other User Information through the Site or the Services with entities or individuals, including our Business Account holders, partners and other trusted entities, that offer products or services that are of interest to you and will share your Personal Information and Other User Information based on your Account settings. Please note that when you authorize us to share your information with third parties on your behalf, your information is subject to that third party’s privacy policy, and not this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review those third party privacy policies and practices.
  * _Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information._ We may share aggregated information that includes Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and to deliver targeted advertising and information about other products and services.
  * _Service Providers._ We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Site’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and Service are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. 
  * _Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement._ SlideShare cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of SlideShare or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, an illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.
  * _Business Transfers._ SlideShare may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.

### Links to Other Sites

  * Our Site and Service, as well as the third party material displayed on our Site and through our Service (the **“Submissions”** ), contain links to, and may allow you to visit, other websites ( **“Third Party Sites”** ). If you choose to visit any of these Third Party Sites by “clicking on” another third party link or navigating to a Third Party Site, you will be directed to that third party’s website. The fact that we link to a website, either through the Site or a Submission, or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement or offer you the opportunity to interact with, or submit information to, a third party, is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites or their use of any information, including but not limited to your Personal Information, which you choose to submit to them or have us transmit on your behalf. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.

### Changing or Deleting Your Information

  * All registered Users may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by accessing their Account management page. If you completely delete all such information, then your Account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us via the contact information below and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we do not have any legal obligation to retain the record. 

### Security 

  * SlideShare is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access.
  * We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system. 

### International Transfer

  * Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, SlideShare transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. 

### Our Policy Toward Children

  * SlideShare and the Site are not directed to members under 18. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@slideshare.com. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files. 

### Phishing

  * Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to SlideShare. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your Account ID, login password, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website.

### Contacting Us 

  * If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please go [here](http://slideshare.zendesk.com/requests/anonymous/new) (choose “Privacy Issues” dropdown) or at privacy@slideshare.com.



_Effective September 25th, 2009_
