> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the slimfast.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190315180550id_/https%3A//slimfast.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SlimFast Privacy Policy

**SlimFast® Internet Privacy Statement**

This site is intended for US residents only. © 2019

KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION, West Palm Beach, FL, USA, respects the privacy of visitors to slimfast.com. KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION will only collect your personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address, when you provide it to us at this website. KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION and/or the companies we hire will use this information to comply with your request for information or as otherwise disclosed to you on the web page when you submit your information to us. From time to time, we may refer to this information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services. We may use this information to contact you. We will not sell or otherwise transfer the personally identifiable information you provide to us at this website to any third parties for their own use unless we tell you when you submit your information to us that we intend to do so.  **PLEASE DO NOT PROVIDE FINANCIAL INFORMATION**.

Like many websites, some KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION websites use a technology called “cookies.” A cookie is a small text file that a web server gives your browser to store on your computer when you access a website. Cookies are capable of storing many types of data and may be placed on your browser by KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION or by a third party. Cookies are used for a variety of purposes on KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION websites:

Some KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION sites set cookies that keep you from having to enter a password more than once during visits to one or more of our sites.

We also use cookies to help us analyze usage of our sites and traffic among our sites more accurately and to provide you with information of interest to you. For example, cookies are used on some KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION websites to record the total number of hits received on the sites and web pages.

Cookies also allow KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION to determine whether you came to a KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION site from another KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION site or from an advertising banner or link on a non-KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION website, so that we can, for example, measure the effectiveness of the links among our sites and the effectiveness of our advertising on non-KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION websites.

Similarly, cookies allow us to determine whether you register on or visit any of our websites, which enables us to analyze how particular users use our sites and whether registered and unregistered users of our websites use our sites differently.

Cookies also allow us to maintain information about how particular visitors use our family of sites, which enables us to better provide such visitors with information relevant to their interests. This may include using information about your use of our sites in conjunction with personally identifiable information that you have volunteered to us on one of our sites.

This is not an exhaustive list of all uses of cookies on KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION’s websites. In all cases in which cookies are used, however, neither KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION nor any third party will use the cookie to collect personally identifiable information from our site unless you voluntarily agree to enter the information. Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You can, however, reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Note, however, that some portions of our sites may not work properly if you refuse cookies.

In addition to cookies, KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION may collect non-personally identifiable information about how you use our websites using other analysis technologies. These analysis technologies may be provided by third parties. Information that might be collected using these technologies include, for example, the pages you visit on our site, the paths you take within our sites and the length of time that you spend on our websites. We use this information in the aggregate in order to better understand how to improve the quality of our websites.

Some KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION websites use a third party ad-serving service to display advertising on other, non-KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION websites. In addition to placing advertisements on certain non-KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION web pages, these services and/or KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION may also place a segment of code called a clear pixel tag, also known as a “GIF,” on certain KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION web pages that do not contain advertisements for the purpose of measuring the effectiveness of advertisements in bringing visitors to our websites. GIFs may also be used with cookies to track the total number of visitors to our website, the number of visitors to various web pages, and the domain names of our visitors’ Internet service providers. No personally identifiable information is collected in this process.

As is common among Internet site operators, KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION websites maintain web server logs. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address and collect that information in its web server logs. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider (e.g. AOL, MSN, or Yahoo) whenever you log onto the World Wide Web or “surf” the web. KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION web server logs collect statistical data that is generated by your computer when it visits a KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION website, such as the type of web browser (e.g. Netscape or Internet Explorer) and operating system (e.g. Windows 95 or Mac OS) used to access the site, the domain name of your Internet service provider, the date and time you access our site, and the pages you visit. KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION websites use this non-personally identifying web server log information for a variety of purposes. Some of these purposes include: system administration; to examine overall traffic trends on our sites; trouble-shooting; and to gather broad demographic information about users of our sites. No personally identifiable information is contained in these web server logs.

As a convenience to our visitors, KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION’s websites currently contain links to a number of websites that we believe may offer useful information. The privacy policy and provisions described here do not apply to those sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies.

From time to time, KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION may decide to modify its practices and policies, and we reserve the right to revise this KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION Internet Privacy Statement as necessary to disclose such changes in our practices and policies. Any such changes to this KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION Internet Privacy Statement will be promptly communicated on this page. Any information that you submit before the change in policy will be used by KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION and/or the companies we hire in a manner that is consistent with the KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION Internet Privacy Statement in effect at the time you submitted your information. Continued use of our sites after receiving notice of a change in our privacy statement shall indicate your consent to the use of newly-submitted information in accordance with the changed, amended, or updated KSF ACQUISITION CORPORATION Internet Privacy Statement.

For information on terms and conditions for SlimFast SMS/Text programs please click [here.](https://web.archive.org/legal)
