> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the slimmingworld.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-11-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181123040156id_/https%3A//www.slimmingworld.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Slimming World - The UK's favorite way to lose weight is now in the USA.

To process your subscription or use of our Online Products and Services we may require your name, billing address, phone number, email address, and credit card information. We will protect this information as set forth in this Policy, and in the event Partners perform these services on our behalf, we will ensure they comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

Whether you provide us with the voluntary data described above is in your sole discretion. If you submit PII, Non-PII, Health Information or PHI to us through our Online Products and Services, then we may use such information to operate, maintain, and provide you with the features and functionality of our Online Products and Services (“Operations”). We or our Partners or Third Parties may use your PII, PHI and certain Non-PII (such as anonymous usage data, cookies, browser type, clickstream data, etc.) to improve the quality and design of our Online Products and Services, to create new features, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing user preferences and trends and to ensure that your use of our Online Products and Services is right for you. (“Operational Services”).

Slimming World is the owner of the information collected through our Online Products and Services. We consider your PII, PHI and Health Information to be confidential. Except as provided in this Policy, we do not disclose any of your PII, PHI or Health Information to Third Parties without your express consent, except we may disclose your PII in response to lawful requests, such as a court order, statute, regulation or rule, through legal process, or for law enforcement purposes. We may choose to disclose all of the information we collect to Partners that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other Partners with whom we have joint marketing agreements. We will not use or disclose your PHI to Third Parties for marketing purposes without first obtaining your authorization. Slimming World may also disclose your PII when necessary to protect and defend the rights or property of Slimming World; or when necessary to protect the personal safety of Slimming World Online Product and Service users and customers.

Your information may be disclosed to Partners who provide support for Operations or Operational Services such as credit card processors, data processors, technical systems consultants, statisticians, data analysts, and programmers. We require those Partners to keep any PHI shared with them for such purposes confidential.

In the event Slimming World decides to conduct research studies, you may also be invited to enroll in one or more studies, in which case you would be asked to complete a separate research informed consent form and authorization. Slimming World may share aggregate, de-identified information, including Health Information, we collect about you or that is shared by our users with advertisers, sponsors and other Third Parties, though such summary information will not include PII or PHI. We may use internally or share your de-identified information with Third Parties for purposes of research. Prior to sharing any Non-PII information with third parties, we request written assurances from such third parties that they will not attempt to re-identify the information to any particular individual.  We may also provide analysis based on the information we collect to our Partners. We will not use or disclose your PHI for research purposes without first obtaining your authorization.

We may use the PII you provide to administer Online Product and Service usage and monitor traffic-levels, and to contact you regarding improvements we can make to our Online Products and Services, Operations and Operational Services, if necessary. We may also use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Online Products and Services, track user movement, and link to other information about you to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets and, depending on the transaction, your PII may be one of the transferred assets. Similarly, if Slimming World should ever merge with or be acquired by another company, we may share your personal information with any entity resulting from such transaction and if Slimming World should ever file for bankruptcy, the bankruptcy trustee has the right to sell the information you provide to us, provided the sale of such information is permitted by law, to a Third Party.

When you sign up for our marketing emails or our magazine either via the Magazine App or via our Website or use one of our other Apps we add your email address to our database and may use your email address to contact you directly regarding services, products or information that we believe might interest you. Only Slimming World or our Partners will send you these direct mailings. At any time you can easily opt-out of receiving further marketing emails from Slimming World by sending us an email at [support.team@slimmingworld.com](mailto:support.team@slimmingworld.com) or by simply clicking the link to unsubscribe at the bottom of any marketing emails that we send to you.

When you become a member of Slimming World, your email address is added to our database and we may use your email to contact you directly regarding services, products or information that we believe might interest you. Only Slimming World or our Partners will send you these direct mailings. At any time you can easily opt-out of receiving further marketing emails from Slimming World in several ways: by logging in to the website, visiting your ‘settings’ and updating your membership preferences; sending us an email at [support.team@slimmingworld.com](mailto:support.team@slimmingworld.com); or by simply clicking the link to unsubscribe at the bottom of any marketing emails that we send to you.

If you have one of our Apps on your mobile device, we, our Partners or Third Parties may also notify you regarding services, products or information that we believe might interest you through push-notifications or alerts to your mobile device. You can deactivate these messages at any time by changing the notification settings on your mobile device.

Transactional emails (e.g. receipts, notifications about your membership) will continue to be delivered to you during your active Slimming World membership, regardless of whether you have opted into receiving marketing and support emails.
