> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the redactorjs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190319042250id_/https%3A//imperavi.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

### Who we are

The company behind Imperavi and the responsible data controller for this website is Imperavi Oy (Ltd). We are located in Finland in the city of Espoo.

You can contact us at any time via email **support@imperavi.com** , if you have questions about our privacy policy.

### How we collect personal data

We don't collect any personal data on our website except following two types:

  1. Identification data, including first name, last name, and IP-address.
  2. Contact data, including user email.



On the website, we use cookies for the following purposes:

  1. To gather website statistical data to analyze how our users use the website, such as which pages are visited, how long pages were visited and the paths taken by visitors to our website as they move from page to page. These cookies are placed by the domain https://imperavi.com;
  2. To provide authentication (i.e. to keep you logged in between sessions). The information collected using local storage is stored on your browser and persists after your browser is closed.



For the purpose listed under 1), we use Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., which uses cookies to help. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (such as your IP address, the URL visited, the date and time the page was viewed) will be transmitted and stored by Google on servers in the United States or any other country in which Google maintains facilities. Your IP address will be masked by setting the last octet of your IP address to zero before it is stored by Google. Google will use this information to monitor your use of our website, and to compile reports on website activity for us. Based on our agreement with Google, Google is not allowed to use this information for their own purposes and may only transfer this information to third parties where required by law, or where such third parties process information on Google’s behalf.

### How we may share personal data

We do not transfer personal data to any of the partners, third-party services or anyone else.

### Your rights

##### You can access information on all data stored about you

Get in contact and we will provide you with all information on data we have about you.

##### You have the right to be 'forgotten' by us

Let us know and we will delete all your personal data that we store.

##### You have the right to correct any personal data stored about you

If there's any personal data about you that should be corrected by us, please let us know.

##### You have the right to transfer your data to another service

We will give you a copy of your data in a plain text format so that you can provide it to another service.

##### You have the right to file a complaint regarding our use of your data

Subject to this Privacy Statement, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.

### How to Contact Us

We try to keep our privacy policy as transparent and easy to understand as possible. Please let us know if we can improve it further or if you have some other questions:  **support@imperavi.com**

### Updates

We will constantly check and update this privacy policy if necessary.

Last update: **25.05.2018**
