> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the redbull.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-10-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141026101125id_/http%3A//www.redbull.com/us/en/stories/1331584931841/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Red Bull

PLEASE NOTE THAT OUR PRIVACY POLICY has changed effective August 26, 2010. If you submitted personally identifiable information to us before that date and do not want this new Privacy Policy to apply to that information, please Contact Us.

**PRIVACY POLICY**  
(Effective & last modified August 26, 2010)

**PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE OR OTHER SERVICES THAT WE PROVIDE. BY ACCESSING OR USING OUR WEBSITE OR OUR SERVICES (OTHER THAN TO READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE FIRST TIME), YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY.**

Red Bull North America, Inc. (“Red Bull”, "we”, “us and “our") offers you access to its interactive online websites. This Privacy Policy, together with our Terms of Use and any additional terms which might apply to certain products or services, govern your use of our websites and any other online services we provide (collectively, “Website”). Our Website includes www.redbullusa.com and all other locations on which we place this Privacy Policy.

We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting the personally identifiable information you provide us through our Website. We have adopted this Privacy Policy to detail:

•the types of information we collect when you use our Website  
•how we use the information we collect from you  
•the instances in which we may share your information with others  
•the choices and options you have to restrict our collection and/or sharing of your information

**A. INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

Our Website typically collects two kinds of information about you: (a) information that you provide that personally identifies you; and (b) information that does not personally identify you, but that we automatically collect when you visit our Website or that you provide us.

(1) Personally Identifiable Information: Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you, such as your name, mail address, phone number, etc. As a general policy, we do not automatically collect your personally identifiable information when you visit our Website. In certain circumstances, we may request, allow or otherwise provide you an opportunity to submit your personally identifiable information in connection with a feature, program, promotion or some other aspect of our Website. For instance, you may: (a) provide your name, mail/shipping address, email address, credit card number and phone number when registering with our Website, using our online store, or in connection with a contest entry; (b) provide certain demographic information about you (e.g., age, gender, purchase preference, usage frequency, etc.) when participating in a survey, poll or joining a club; or (c) post a general comment and/or recommendation on our Website. Whether or not you provide this information is your choice; however, in many instances this type of information is required to participate in the particular activity, realize a benefit we may offer, or gain access to certain content on our Website.

(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information: Our definition of non-personally identifiable information is any information that does not personally identify you. Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified; that is, information that has been rendered anonymous. We obtain non-personally identifiable information about you from information that you provide us. We also automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information from you when you access our Website – e.g., IP addresses, your web browser, which website you were on before you visited our Website, your computer operating system, the search terms you use on our Website, the specific web pages you visit, and the duration of your visits.

**B. HOW WE USE & SHARE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED**

(1) Personally Identifiable Information: The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your requests, respond to your inquiries, better serve you, or in other ways naturally associated with the circumstances in which you provided the information. We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons, such as customer service, providing you promotional information for our products or events or those of our parent company, subsidiaries or other affiliated companies (“"affiliated companies”"), or to communicate with you about content or other information you have posted or shared with us via our Website. You may opt-out from receiving future promotional information from us or our affiliated companies, or direct that we not share your information with any affiliated companies, as set forth below in Section I.

In certain instances we may also share your personally identifiable information with our third party vendors performing functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our affiliated companies) – e.g., vendors that process credit card orders, administer our promotions, provide us marketing or promotional assistance, analyze our data, assist us with customer service, etc. Our vendors agree to use this information, and we share information with them, only to carry out our requests. In addition, we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties such as our co-promotional partners and others with whom we have marketing or other relationships. Unless we specifically tell you otherwise in this Privacy Policy or when you submit the information, we will not sell your personally identifiable without your prior approval.

(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We use non-personally identifiable information in a variety of ways, including to help analyze site traffic, understand customer needs and trends, carry out targeted promotional activities (see “Preference Based Advertising” below), and to improve our services. We may use your non-personally identifiable information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others. We may share your non-personally identifiable information with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others.

**C. COOKIES AND PREFERENCE BASED ADVERTISING**

(1) Cookies and Web Beacons: We automatically receive and store certain types of non-personally identifiable information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many websites, we use "cookies" and "web beacons" (also called “clear gifs” or “pixel tags”) to obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our Website. "Cookies" are small files that we transfer to your computer's hard drive or your web browser memory to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide convenience and other features to you. "Web beacons" are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and may be used to track the online movements of users, when an email has been opened, and to provide other information.

If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies, you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your web browser or hard drive. You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs. Please note, however, that some parts of our Website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies.

(2) Preference Based Advertising: We may work with third party advertising networks that use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit our Website and third party sites. This non-personally identifiable information is typically used by these advertising networks to analyze your online activities for purposes of serving you with advertisements (while on our Website or third party sites) tailored to meet your preferences. If you do not wish to participate in this activity, please [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) and follow the simple opt-out process.

A couple of important notes about this opt-out tool: (1) it includes all the advertising networks that Red Bull may work with, but also many that Red Bull does not work with; and (2) it typically relies on cookies to ensure that a given advertising network does not collect information about you (“Opt-out Cookies”) – for a general explanation of how Opt-out Cookies work, please [click here](http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/). So, if you buy a new computer, change web browsers or delete these Opt-out Cookies from your computer, you may need to perform the opt-out task again.

**D. OTHER USES**

(1) IP Addresses: An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet. Web servers (computers that "serve up" web pages) automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When visitors request pages from our Website, our servers typically log their IP addresses. IP addresses are considered non-personally identifiable information and may also be shared as provided above. It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable; that is, the visitor's session will be logged, but the visitor remains anonymous to us. However, we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Website rules or to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Website, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website’s users or the general public.

(2) Email Communications: If you send us an email with questions or comments, we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments, and we may save your questions or comments for future reference. For security reasons, we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information, such as passwords, social security numbers, or bank account information, to us by email. We may email you for many reasons, including, without limitation, emails in response to your request for a particular service or your registration for a feature that involves email communications, emails that relate to purchases you have made with us (e.g., product updates, customer support, etc.), informational emails about our other products, services, or events, or when you consent to being contacted by email for a particular purpose. In certain instances, we may provide you with the option to set your preferences for receiving email communications from us; that is, agree to some communications but not others. You may "opt out" of receiving future promotional emails from us by clicking the "unsubscribe" link included at the bottom of most emails we send, or as provided below.

(3) Transfer of Assets: As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all (or substantially all) of our assets, the personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity, though we will take reasonable steps to ensure that your preferences are followed. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.

(4) Other: We always reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information about you if we are required to do so by law, with respect to copyright and other intellectual property infringement claims, or if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Website, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website's users or the general public.

**E. PUBLIC FORUMS**

We may offer chat rooms, blogs, message boards, bulletin boards, or similar public forums where you and other users of our Website can communicate. The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information (including personal information) in connection with your use of these public forums. We may use personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information about you to identify you with a posting in a public forum. Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone, including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for events or consequences arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Website.

**F. CHILDREN**

The features, programs, promotions and other aspects of our Website requiring the submission of personally identifiable information are not intended for children. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us please Contact Us. A parent or guardian of a child under the age of 13 may review and request deletion of such child's personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof.

**G. KEEPING YOUR INFORMATION SECURE**

We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Please be advised, however, that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information. In the unfortunate event that your "personally identifiable information" (as the term or similar terms are defined by any applicable law requiring notice upon a security breach) is compromised, we may notify you by e-mail (at our sole and absolute discretion) to the last e-mail address you have provided us in the most expedient time reasonable under the circumstances; provided, however, delays in notification may occur while we take necessary measures to determine the scope of the breach and restore reasonable integrity to the system as well as for the legitimate needs of law enforcement if notification would impede a criminal investigation. From time to time we evaluate new technology for protecting information, and when appropriate, we upgrade our information security systems.

**H. OTHER SITES/LINKS**

Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain, such as in connection with purchasing products referenced on our Website and banner advertisements. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website. We encourage you to note when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information.

**I. CONTACT & OPT-OUT INFORMATION**

You may [Contact Us](http://energydrink.redbull.com/contact) if: (a) you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy; (b) wish to make corrections to any personally identifiable information you have provided; (c) want to opt-out from receiving future commercial correspondence, including emails, from us or our affiliated companies; or (d) wish to withdraw your consent to sharing your personally identifiable information with others.

We will respond to your request and, if applicable and appropriate, make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits and features of our Website.

**J. REVISIONS**

Since our business changes constantly, this Privacy Policy will also change from time to time. We will provide you notice of any such changes by posting the new policy on our Website. If, at any point, we decide to use your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different than what was stated in our Privacy Policy at the time it was collected, we will notify you of this change by e-mail to the last e-mail address provided to us. You will have a choice (via an opt-out opportunity) as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which your information was collected if you opt out of the new policy.

**K. SOLE STATEMENT**

This Privacy Policy as posted on this Website is the sole statement of our privacy policy with respect to this Website, and no summary, modification, restatement or other version thereof, or other privacy statement or policy, in any form, is valid unless we post a new or revised policy to the Website.

************************************

If you are contacted by an individual or company claiming to be Red Bull and offering you employment, gift cards or some other promotion in exchange for personal information and/or payment - PLEASE DISREGARD as they are not authorized Red Bull representatives or programs, and may be an unlawful attempt to obtain your information or money.
