> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the redgage.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-11-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181123101744id_/http%3A//www.redgage.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | RedGage

This Privacy Policy describes the collection, use and disclosure of information RedGage LLC ("RedGage") receives and collects when you access or use RedGage services from the RedGage website (located at www.RedGage.com) (the "Site") or when you access or use RedGage services via the websites of our content service distribution partners (the "Partner Sites").

 **RedGage Services.**  
RedGage has developed and maintains a network of content creators, advertisers, and related technology, that facilitates the download and distribution of content from participating creators, and links from participating advertisers, to online users (the "RedGage Services").

This Privacy Policy describes how RedGage strives to protect the privacy of: **(i)** artists or owners who create and submit content for distribution (our "Makers"); **(ii)** advertising partners and sponsors who create and submit advertising content or links ("Ads") for distribution with content (our "Sponsors"); **(iii)** distributors or referral partners who share content and Ads through various online distribution methods, including websites, email or peer-to-peer networks (our "Sharers"); **(iv)** users who view and/or interact with our Content and Ads from our Site or from the Partner Sites ("Watchers"); **(v)** visitors to the RedGage Site who access our products or services or who submit reviews and comments to our Site (our "Visitors"); and **(vi)** our members (those Makers, Sponsors, Sharers, Readers or Visitors) who register with RedGage and create an account (our "Members").

 **Partner Sites.**  
Although you may access Content, Ads and the RedGage Services from Partner Sites, the Partner Sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. RedGage is not responsible for the privacy practices, policies or content of such Partner Sites. RedGage encourages users to read the posted privacy policies whenever interacting with any website to learn more about the privacy practices of that website. RedGage has no control over the use of a user's personal information by third party websites, including Partner Sites, and a Visitor should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personally identifiable information. Partner Sites may use cookies and/or other data collection tools. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the RedGage Terms of Service. Your use of the Site and any personal information you provide to RedGage remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy, Terms of Service and our Member Agreement.

##### 
* Readers: Interacting with Content and Ads

**Information.**  
RedGage does not collect personally identifiable information (such as name, username, address, phone number or email address) from Readers viewing or interacting with Content and Ads. Notwithstanding the foregoing, RedGage does collect certain non-personally identifying information about a Reader each time content is viewed: As you know, RedGage is dedicated to rewarding Makers and Sharers with a share of the Ad revenue generated in connection with a Content. RedGage collects a Reader's Internet Protocol ("IP") address and information that is specific to how a Reader accesses and uses the Internet, as well as how they view and/or interact with Content and Ads: these non-personally identifying details include, but are not limited to, the website you are logged onto, the geographic location of the IP address you are using to access the Internet, which and how many web pages you have viewed, search terms used, referring/exit pages, platform type and date/time information, the number and frequency of Readers to each Content and Ad, the length of their viewing patterns, the type of browser (and browser language) you use when viewing Content, the operating system your browser uses and what technology is available through your browser in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a Content.

**Purpose.**  
The Technology Information RedGage collects about Readers is anonymous and does not personally identify a Reader. It is obtained for the purpose of selecting, delivering (and monitoring delivery and distribution of) Ads when a Reader has viewed Content, measuring the Content and Ad effectiveness with Readers and generally improving the RedGage Services. For each Content Ad request, RedGage will use the Technology Information collected to select and display an Ad after the Content viewing has been completed. Furthermore, RedGage uses the Technology Information collected to analyze trends, audit Content and Ads viewed, monitor Ad clicks, identify our "most viewed" or "most popular" Content, identify the geographic reach of our Content and Ads, identify the audience most likely to respond to Content and Ads, and tailor Ad placements for our Sponsors accordingly. This information may be shared with RedGage's Makers, Sharers, Sponsors, employees, business partners and affiliates. RedGage may aggregate this information and share such aggregated information with interested third parties. In addition, RedGage reserves the right to track IP addresses for the purposes of fraud prevention, and RedGage reserves the right to release IP addresses to legal authorities.

**Cookies.**  
RedGage uses cookies to help it collect, maintain and use Technology Information. A cookie is a small data file that RedGage transfers to a Reader's computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes when the Reader is served Content and an Ad facilitated by RedGage. Cookies help RedGage better understand the effectiveness of Content and Ad (for example, by tracking the way in which a Reader responds to, selects and interacts with Content and Ad or any content provided therein, or the location and context in which a Reader views Content and Ad). Please remember, Partner Sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy and Partner Sites may also use cookies and/or other data collection tools. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the RedGage Services and Site may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. RedGage's cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information and they can help control the type of Ad and number of times a Reader views an Ad.

**Ad Links.**  
Ads may contain links to other websites, including those of our Sponsors. Such websites may use cookies and/or other data collection tools. RedGage is not responsible for the privacy practices, policies or the content of such websites. RedGage encourages Readers to read the posted privacy policies whenever interacting with any website to learn more about the privacy practices of that website. RedGage has no control over the use of a Reader's personal information or Technology Information by third party websites, and a Reader should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personally identifiable information. RedGage does not have access to, or control of, the cookies and/or other data collection tools that may be placed on any Ad by a third-party, including those of our Sponsors, and this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies and/or other data collection tools by any third party.

##### 
* Visitors. Browsing the Site

The Site, which may be hosted in part or its entirety by a third party, is intended as a portal for Creators, Sharers, Sponsors, Readers, Visitors, business partners and affiliates to access and use the RedGage Services (including watching and interacting with Content and Ads) and to offer information about RedGage and the services it provides. The Site is designed so that a Visitor may generally browse it without the collection of any personally identifiable information (except for the Visitor's IP address). When a Visitor uses the Site, RedGage may collect information, including some Technology Information, indirectly and automatically (through the use of cookies, as described in Section 1 above) about the Visitor's Site activity. RedGage uses this activity information for internal purposes such as to administer the Site, improve and customize the Site, help RedGage understand and analyze how the Site is being used and track aggregate Site usage.

The Site permits Visitors to view Content or Ads on the Site. See Section 1 ("Readers: Interacting with our Content and Ads") for more information. The Site also permits members to log into their accounts and access some member-only services. See Section 3 ("Members: RedGage Account Holders") for further information.

The Site and the RedGage Services are not intended for persons under the age of thirteen (13). If you are under thirteen (13), please do not use the Site or the RedGage Services.

##### 
* Members: Creating a RedGage Account

Participation in and access to certain features and functionality of the Site and RedGage Services, require you to register and create a member account (an "Account") with RedGage. You can choose not to register or provide certain information, but then you may not be able to access or participate in some of the RedGage Services.

This section of the Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect from our Members in conjunction with their access to, participation in and use of the RedGage Services and related RedGage technology and networks (including but not limited to uploading Content and accessing their Account portal). To become a Member, you must be at least eighteen (18) years old and otherwise capable of forming legally binding contracts under applicable law.

RedGage is committed to maintaining the privacy of its Members.

**Account Information.**  
During Account registration, RedGage will collect personally identifiable information from a Member that may include name, company name, address, email address, telephone and fax numbers, Account password, bank information, credit-card type, number and expiration date, domain address for serving Content and/or Ads, PayPal email address, social security number and/or Federal Tax ID number, birthdate and other personal information listed in the Account registration form (collectively, a "Member Profile").

**Purpose.**  
RedGage's primary goal in collecting a Member Profile is to communicate with such Member, provide such Member with a smooth and efficient experience of the RedGage Services, charge Sponsors, pay Makers and Sharers and to operate, maintain and provide you certain features and functionalities of the RedGage Services. To this end, RedGage may share Member Profiles with third-party service providers and RedGage-related entities worldwide (e.g., its parents, affiliates and subsidiaries and their successors and assigns) in connection with payments and other aspects of operating and promoting the Site and the RedGage Services. We require that these entities agree to use such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. Except as explicitly stated herein, RedGage does not sell, rent or trade any Member Profiles to third parties.

**Use.**  
RedGage may use a Member Profile in the following ways:  
**(a)** RedGage may use a Member's name, address, email address and telephone number: **(i)** to enable RedGage to process, validate and verify an Account; **(ii)** to contact the Member regarding Account activities or communications relevant to the RedGage Services; and **(iii)** to contact the Member about new or existing products and services or special offers.   
**(b)** RedGage may use an Maker's or Sharer's: **(i)** name, address, account password, bank information or credit-card number in order to process and remit fees to such Maker or Sharer and/or verify personal information and identity of the Maker or Sharer; and as appropriate **(ii)** social security number and/or Federal Tax ID number to prepare Form 1099s if necessary and to help RedGage verify such Maker's or Sharer's identity.   
**(c)** RedGage may use a Sponsor's: **(i)** name, address, account password, bank information or credit-card number in order to process and charge fees payable by a Sponsor and/or verify personal information and identity of the Sponsor; and as appropriate **(ii)** social security number and/or Federal Tax ID number to prepare Form 1099s if necessary or to help RedGage verify such Sponsor's identity.   
**(d)** RedGage uses third-party processing companies (including credit card processing companies) for billing and payment purposes. These third parties may store or retain a Member Profile. These third parties do not have any right to use the Member Profile information RedGage provides to them beyond what is necessary to assist RedGage.   
**(e)** RedGage may combine the information collected from Members on the Site with information that Members provide to RedGage in connection with their use of other RedGage Services.

**Cookies.**  
When a Member uses the Site, RedGage collects information indirectly and automatically through the use of both session cookies and persistent cookies (see Section 1, above, for more information on cookies). A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site. Such cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions; however, some features of the RedGage Services and Site may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. RedGage automatically collects a Member's Technology Information (including IP address), Site usage and Site activity information when a Member logs into their Account or while using the RedGage Services. RedGage uses this Site activity information to help RedGage evaluate how its Members use and navigate the Site on an aggregate basis, including the number and frequency of Member visits, and the length of their visits. RedGage also uses the non-permanent session cookie to track and maintain a Member's login status during their session on the Site. RedGage also uses this information for internal purposes, such as to help RedGage diagnose any server problems, administer the Site, improve and customize the Site, or help RedGage understand and analyze how the Site is being used. RedGage may link IP addresses to certain personally identifiable information only when reasonably necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, enforce applicable Member agreements, including investigation of potential violations thereof, or detect, prevent or protect RedGage against or otherwise address criminal activity, fraud, security or technical issues.

**Storing and Processing Member Profiles.**  
Member Profiles collected may be stored and processed in any country in which RedGage maintains facilities. Consequently, by using our Site, participating in any RedGage Services and/or providing us with your Member Profile information, RedGage has the right to transfer information outside of your country, and you hereby consent to such transfer. If a Member registers an Account via a Partner Site or any website controlled by RedGage or a RedGage-related entity located outside of the United States, such Member Profile must be disclosed to RedGage, which is located inside the United States, in order for the Member to access or use any RedGage Services. Therefore, Member acknowledges and consents to the sharing of its Member Profile with RedGage and RedGage-related entities worldwide.

**Data Security.**  
RedGage stores Member Profile information in limited access servers. RedGage will maintain commercially reasonable safeguards to protect the security of these servers and the Member Profiles. Although RedGage strives to keep Member Profiles secure, no security measures are absolute or fool-proof, and there is always a possibility that a security breach could occur, resulting in the release of Profile information.

**Transaction History.**  
A Member may unsubscribe from the RedGage Services and request that RedGage remove their Member Profile from the RedGage databases. However, in order to resolve disputes, assist with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental requests or investigations, and due to technical constraints (including the fact that RedGage backs up its systems), a Member's information and transaction history are never completely removed from the RedGage databases.

##### 
* General

**Dispute Resolution.**  
RedGage may use and disclose personally identifiable Member Profile information and/or non-personally identifiable information RedGage obtains in special circumstances if RedGage believes, in good faith, that RedGage is required to do so, that such disclosures will potentially mitigate its liability, or are necessary for RedGage to enforce its rights. For example, RedGage may disclose information: **(i)** to appropriate authorities and/or to banks associated with a Member's Account in order to prevent or report suspected fraud and illegal activities; **(ii)** where it is necessary for RedGage to enforce the applicable Member agreements; **(iii)** to resolve disputes, including disputes involving other Members or consumers, in connection with actual or potential parties to a lawsuit or actions that RedGage is or may become involved in, and to identify potential liabilities and troubleshoot problems; or **(iv)** in order to prevent harm to any persons. In some cases, the government can compel the disclosure of information about a Member, and RedGage will need to comply, in which case Member authorizes RedGage to do so.

**Third Party Links.**  
RedGage may also use third-party advertising companies to serve or track ads on the Site and other websites. Such companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to these websites in order to measure advertising effectiveness and to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. The Site may also contain links to other websites, including Partner Sites and the websites of our Sponsors. Such websites may use cookies and/or other data collection tools. RedGage is not responsible for the privacy practices, policies or content of such other websites. RedGage encourages you to read the posted privacy policies whenever interacting with any website to learn more about the privacy practices of that website. RedGage has no control over the use of your personal information by third party websites, including Partner Sites, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personally identifiable information. RedGage does not have access to, or control of, these cookies and/or other data collection tools that may be placed on any advertisement by a third-party, and this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies and/or other data collection tools by any third party.

**Forums & Correspondence.**  
Any personal information or content that you voluntarily upload to the Site or disclose online (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, within your public profile page, etc.) becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others. Your account name (not your email address) is displayed to other Site users when you upload Content or send messages through the RedGage Site and other users can contact you through messages and comments. Any Content that you submit to the RedGage Site may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public. If you e-mail someone else Content or other special feature from our Site, we may use the information you provide about someone else to send that person the requested e-mail. If you contact RedGage, or if third parties send RedGage email or other correspondence regarding your activities, RedGage may collect and use such information (including email addresses) in order to respond to the communication and send any relevant or requested information.

**Corporate Changes.**  
RedGage may sell, transfer, assign or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including user information described in this Privacy Policy, in connection with a merger, consolidation, reorganization or sale of assets. In the unlikely event of bankruptcy or assignment for the benefit of creditors, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred or used.

**Changes and Updates to this Privacy Notice.**  
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. Your use of the Site and the RedGage Services constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy, as may be amended or revised by use, and you are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes (revisions will be reflected by the "Date Last Modified" below).
