> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the redgiant.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-09-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170926210031id_/https%3A//www.redgiant.com/legal/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Red Giant | Privacy Policy

**Last Revised: February 15, 2017**

Red Giant LLC (“ **Red Giant** ”) is committed to protecting your privacy.  We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the personal information (as defined below)  we collect from users of our website, located at _www.redgiant.com_ (the “ **Site** ”). 

  1. ****Questions; Contacting Red Giant; Reporting Violations**.  If you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations to us, please contact us at the following address or phone number: **

Red Giant, LLC  
Attn: Legal   
Email: customerservice@redgiant.com  
14525 SW Millikan Way, #41659  
Beaverton, OR 97005-2343

  2. ****A Note to Users Outside of the United States.**  If you are a non U.S. user of the Site, by visiting the Site and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that your personal information may be processed for the purposes identified in the Privacy Policy.  In addition, your personal information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of personal information may be less stringent than the laws in your country.  By providing your data, you consent to such transfer.   **
  3. **Types of Data We Collect.**
    1. **Information You Provide to Us.**  
      1. We may collect personal information from you, such as your name, e-mail and password when you create an account to log in to our network (“ **Account** ”).
      2. When you order products on our Site, we will collect all information necessary to complete the transaction, including your name and billing information.
      3. If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.  
      4. When you post content (text, images, photographs, messages, comments or any other kind of content that is not your e-mail address) on our Site, the information contained in your posting will be stored in our servers and other users will be able to see it and any other information that you choose to make public on our Site.
      5. When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional profile information.  
      6. We also collect other types of personal information that you provide to us voluntarily, such as your operating system and version, product registration number, and other requested information if you contact us via e-mail regarding support for the Services. 
      7. If you participate in a sweepstakes, contest or giveaway on our Site, we may ask you for your e-mail address and/or phone number (to notify you if you win or not).  We may also ask for first and last names, and sometimes post office addresses to verify your identity.  In some situations, we may need additional information as a part of the entry process, such as a prize selection choice.  These sweepstakes and contests are voluntary.  We recommend that you read the rules for each sweepstakes and contest that you enter. 
      8. We may also collect personal information at other points in our Site that state that personal information is being collected.
    2. **Information Collected via Technology.**
      1. Log Files.  As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.  This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider ( **“ISP”** ), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.  We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around the Site, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Site to our users’ needs.  For example, some of the information may be collected so that when you visit the Site again, it will recognize you and the information could then be used to serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests.  
      2. Cookies.  Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information.   **“Cookies”** are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the website.  We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site.    This type of information is collected to make the Site more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.  
      3. Pixel Tags. In addition, we use **“Pixel Tags** ” (also referred to as clear Gifs, Web beacons, or Web bugs).  Pixel Tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to Cookies, that are used to track online movements of Web users.  In contrast to Cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, Pixel Tags are embedded invisibly in Web pages.  Pixel Tags also allow us to send e-mail messages in a format users can read, and they tell us whether e-mails have been opened to ensure that we are sending only messages that are of interest to our users.  We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to a user.  We do not tie the information gathered by Pixel Tags to our users’ personal information.
      4. Collection of Data by Advertisers.  We may also use third parties to serve ads on the Site.  Certain third parties may automatically collect information about your visits to this and other websites, your IP address, your ISP, the browser you use to visit our Site (but not your name, address, e-mail address or telephone number).  They do this by using Cookies, Pixel Tags, or other technologies.  Information collected may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our Site and the other sites tracked by these third parties.  This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, Cookies or Pixel Tags in third party ads, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of Cookies and other technologies.  If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here: [http://www.aboutads.info/choices](http://www.aboutads.info/choices) and [http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/).
      5. Google Analytics.  We use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the Site.  Google Analytics uses Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Site, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our Site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Site, rather than your name or other personally identifying information.  We do not combine the information generated through the use of Google Analytics with your personal information. Although Google Analytics plants a persistent Cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Site, the Cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google.  Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.  
  4. ****Use of Your Personal Information****
    1. **General Use.  **In general, personal information you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better.  We use your personal information in the following ways:  
      1. facilitate the creation of and secure your Account on our network; 
      2. identify you as a user in our system; 
      3. provide improved administration of our Site; 
      4. provide the services you request;
      5. improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Site; 
      6. send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your Account was created; 
      7. send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories;
      8. respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests; and
      9. send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to our Services and for other marketing purposes of Red Giant.
    2. **User Testimonials and Feedback.**  We often receive testimonials and comments from users who have had positive experiences with our products.  We occasionally publish such content.  We may post user feedback, including your name and/or screen name used in posting such content, on the Site from time to time.  If you make any comments on a blog or forum associated with our Site, you should be aware that any personal information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages.  We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these blogs and forums.
    3. **Creation of Anonymous Data.  **We may create anonymous data records from personal information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you.  We use this anonymous data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Site and improve Site navigation.  We reserve the right to use Anonymous Data for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in our sole discretion.
  5. **Disclosure of Your personal information.  **We disclose your personal information as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.
    1. **Third Party Service Providers.  **We may share your personal information with third party service providers to:  provide you with the products and services that we offer you through our Site; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support; and/or to provide other services to Red Giant.  
    2. **Affiliates**.  We may share some or all of your personal information with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (“ **Affiliates** ”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.  
    3. **Corporate Restructuring.**  We may share some or all of your personal information in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets.  In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, personal information may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the personal information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. 
    4. **Other Disclosures**.  Regardless of any choices you make regarding your personal information (as described below), Red Giant may disclose personal information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) in connection with any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Red Giant; (c) to protect or defend the rights or property of Red Giant or users of the Site or Services; and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Use.
  6. **Your Choices Regarding Information** **.**  You have several choices regarding the use of information on our Service:
    1. **Email Communications.**  We will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our Site or products and services.  When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below).  Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
    2. **Cookies.**  If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept Cookies from our Service for any of the purposes described above, then you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting Cookies or to prompt you before accepting a Cookie from the websites you visit. Consult your browser’s technical information. If you do not accept Cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Service or all functionality of the Service. If you have any questions about how to disable or modify Cookies, please let us know at the contact information provided below.
    3. **Changing or Deleting Your Personal Information**  You may change any of your personal information in your Account by editing your profile within your Account.  You may request deletion of your personal information by us, and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, but please note that we may be required to keep such information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements).  When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.  We may also retain your information for fraud or similar purposes. 
  7. **Changes to This Privacy Policy.  **This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Site.  Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Site.  These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Service.  Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us with your most current e-mail address.  In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.  If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your personal information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your Account with us.  Continued use of our Site or Service, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes. 


