> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the redlily.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606002107id_/http%3A//www.redlily.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

At redlily.com, we do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent and we only use your information as described in the Privacy Policy. We view protection of your privacy as a very important community principle. We understand clearly that you and Your Information is one of our most important assets. We use third parties to verify and certify our privacy principles. If you object to your Information being transferred or used in this way please do not use the Site.

We collect "personal" information from you when you provide it to us. For example, if you purchase a product from us, we may collect your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address. If you sign up to receive a newsletter, we will collect your email address. If you take advantage of special services offered by us, we may collect other personal information about you.” “We use your personal information for internal purposes such as processing and keeping you informed about your order.

Under no circumstances do we rent, trade or share your Personally Identifiable Information (PII) that we have collected with (from) any other company for their marketing purposes without your consent. We reserve the right to communicate your personal information to any third party that files a legally-compliant request for its disclosure. Otherwise, however, we will not disclose your name, address and other information which identifies you personally to any third party without your consent. We reserve the right to collect general demographic and other anonymous information that does not personally identify you. This information is not associated with your Personally Identifiable Information and cannot be linked to you personally.

If you are no longer interested in receiving e-mail announcements and other marketing information from us, or you want us to remove any PII that we have collected about you, please e-mail your request to [contactus@redlily.com](mailto:contactus@redlily.com).

We use cookies and other technologies such as pixel tags and clear gifs to store certain types of information each time you visit any page on our website. Cookies enable this website to recognize the information you have consented to give to this website and help us determine what portions of this website are most appropriate for your professional needs. We may also use cookies to serve advertising banners to you. These banners may be served by us or by a third party on our behalf. These cookies will not contain any personal information.

Whether you want your web browser to accept cookies or not is up to you. If you haven't changed your computer's settings, most likely your browser already accepts cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience all features of the website. You can also delete your browser cookies or disable them entirely. But this may significantly impact your experience with our website and may make parts of our website non-functional or inaccessible. We recommend that you leave them turned on.

If you would like more information about this practice and know your choices about not having this anonymous information used by our third party service provider, please click <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp> \- You can also read more about online marketing practices and the technologies that support them by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative's website by clicking [http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/)

Protecting your privacy is very important to us. We have accordingly developed this Privacy Policy to protect your personal information and keep it confidential. We endeavour to comply with laws of other countries but cannot and do not warrant that we do. We do everything we reasonably can to protect your rights of privacy on systems and the Website controlled by us, but we are not liable for any unauthorised or unlawful disclosures of your personal and confidential information made by third parties who are not subject to our control, for example advertisers and websites that have links to our Website. You should take note that the information and privacy practices of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors or other sites to which we provide hyperlinks, may be different from ours. Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically.

By accepting the Terms of Service you agree that we may collect and store your Personal Information as long as you use our Services subject to the limitations set out in this Privacy Policy.

We collect your Profiling and Account Information for the following reasons: (a) We need your identity details, contact details, banking information and account history to manage our relationship with you and provide Services to you. We may use this information for suggesting products that you might like on our website. We will only disclose this information as provided below. We collect and store your Service Usage and Transactional Information to: (a) determine and verify the Service Charges payable by you and to administer our relationship with you. (b) comply with any statutory or regulatory requirement. (d) monitor your use of our Services for the purposes of ensuring compliance with our Terms of Service. We collect and store your Correspondence Information and Personal Identifiers to: (a) comply with our obligations under law; and (b) monitor your use of our Services in order to ensure your compliance with our Terms of Service. Any Personal Information which we collect and which we may use in an aggregated format ensuring you are not individually identified is our property. We may use it, in our sole discretion and without any compensation to you, for any legitimate purpose including (without limitation) the commercial sale thereof to third parties.

If we are required to intercept, disclose, monitor and/or store your Personal Information: (a) by law; (b) to conduct our business; (c) to secure our systems; or (d) to enforce our own rights, we will do so in the manner as prescribed by law.

In order to ensure that all our Users comply with the Terms of Service, we may monitor your Personal Information to the extent that this may be required to determine compliance and/or to identify instances of non-compliance. To ensure that the security and integrity of our Services are safeguarded, we may monitor your Personal Information. This monitoring may include (without limitation) the filtering of incoming and outgoing electronic data messages to identify, limit and/or prevent the transmission of spam, viruses and/or unlawful, defamatory, obscene or otherwise undesirable material or content. We may also under certain circumstances procure an element of the Services from a third party service provider.

We review our Privacy Policy from time to time, and we may make periodic changes to the policy in connection with that review. The revisions in Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon being posted on the Website. Therefore, you may wish periodically review this page to make sure you have the latest version. Your continued use of the Website after the effectiveness of such revisions will constitute your acknowledgment and acceptance of the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.

We use Personally Identifiable Information to provide products to you, enhance the operation of the Website, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze Website use, improve our product offerings, and to provide you a better experience. For example, if you send our customer service an email we may use your comments and feedback to tell others about our services, and may post your comment in our marketing materials or on our Website. Also, if you use our Website to send information or a product to another person, we may store your personal information, and the personal information of any recipient. We may use that other person’s contact information to allow him or her to view and accept your gift or to allow the recipient to access the information you sent. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our Website Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities.

Non-Personally Identifiable Information: Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific End User. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the website you visited before coming to our Website, the URL of the website you visit after leaving our Website, the type of browser you are using and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address.

You will have the ability to access and edit the Personally Identifiable Information you provide us. You may change any of your Personally Identifiable Information by accessing through your login and password.

We would request you to promptly update your Personally Identifiable Information if it changes.

We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. In addition, your Personally Identifiable Information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to. We encrypt certain sensitive information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information is safe as it is transmitted to us.

However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. Accordingly, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, so you do so at your own risk.

Minors under the age of 18 are not supposed to use the Website. We do not collect or maintain information from anyone known to be under the age of 18. If you are under 18 and still want to buy a product, you may use redlily.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
