> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the redmorph.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180831185232id_/https%3A//redmorph.com/privacyPolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Redmorph | Privacy & Policy

Nothing about users. Redmorph does not track or store user data. All our apps and browser extensions run locally on the user’s device and stores all logs on the user’s device for displaying stats. These logs are cleared daily as part of our local house-keeping routine on our apps. For our browser extensions for PCs, the user can set the stats & logs to be deleted when they close the browser.  
If you choose to become a Redmorph subscriber, the only information that we collect is your device ID, and the payment gateway you choose (eg. PayPal, PayUBiz, Google PlayStore, Apple App Store, and others) and the email address that you provide your payment gateway, and the limited payment history. If you wish to remain anonymous, you can do so. When you use the payment gateways, you will have to agree to their privacy policies and terms. Please contact them or visit their websites for full disclosure and information.  
This information is retained for up to 90 days after the membership is canceled. If we need to contact you regarding the Site, the Service, or your account, your email may be used to contact you. If you send us an e-mail, we will retain it and any response we make in order to handle any follow-up questions you may have, and to measure how effectively we address your concerns. We retain this limited information only for as long as is necessary depending on the reason for your submission.

There are opportunities where you may elect to provide us with personally identifiable information, such as your name, physical address, or other personally identifiable information about yourself. You can do so through the forums, customer service emails or blogs that are offered through the Site from time to time. It is always up to you to determine whether you provide any information that can personally identify you. None of this information is required to access the Site or use the Services. Any information you transmit online in such blogs or forums will be made public once you post it and we cannot control (nor are we responsible for) the use any third party may make of such information. You should understand that any information that you submit on any public forum or blog through the Site is not and cannot be treated as confidential by us, and is not subject to this Privacy Policy. Your participation on these blogs and forums is voluntary, and you consent to full public disclosure of any personally identifiable information that you submit through such venues.

In order to help ensure our proxy and VPN services are functioning properly, we look at aggregate traffic information at all our server locations. This does not have any personally identifiable information about you or any member. Additionally, when a member reports a suspect website on the SpyderWebTM inside our browser controller, only the IP address of the suspect website and the URL they are linked to is transmitted to Redmorph. We do not track or store the sender’s information.

We only use session cookies when you visit the Site. A cookie is a small, unique text file that a website can send to your computer hard drive when you visit a website. Session cookies expire when you close your browser. Cookies allow us to provide visitors to our Site with certain conveniences, such as remembering your login details and hence delivering content specific to your membership.

The Redmorph apps and browser extensions ping the Redmorph server to ensure it has the latest tracker definitions, app rules and policies. Redmorph does not monitor or record any user information. The Redmorph server validates the device and then downloads the latest updates.  
When the user uses the GeoIP and MapView features inside the Redmorph apps and browser extensions, the IP addresses that the websites, apps and user’s device are connecting with are sent to a database as a query for getting geoip data. Redmorph does not record or store this data.

We may make small, inconsequential changes to this policy with or without notice to you, so you’re encouraged to review the policy from time to time. Substantive changes to this policy will be emailed to users who subscribe to the Disconnect newsletter or to those who submit a request to [support@redmorph.com](mailto:support@redmorph.com).

You can contact us at [support@redmorph.com](mailto:support@redmorph.com) if you have any questions about this policy.
