> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the redplaid.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130410024908id_/http%3A//www.connectria.com/legal/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Connectria Corporation - Privacy Policy

Connectria Corporation ("Connectria" or "Company") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains our information gathering and dissemination practices for our web site. If you have questions or concerns regarding Connectria's Privacy Policy, please e-mail Connectria at [legal@connectria.com](mailto:legal@connectria.com). 

**1\. WHAT INFORMATION IS COLLECTED.** We collect a limited amount of personal information from you in certain areas of the Connectria website (the "Website") for various reasons. The following is a description of what information is collected:

Please note that users herein are classified in two mutually-exclusive categories and that the type of data collected varies depending upon the user's category: 

Category One: With respect to users who request further information about our services, we collect only such information as is necessary to determine your level of service needs plus contact information to enable us to answer your questions as a prospective customer. 

Category Two: Users who already are customers of Company and are using this domain as a portal to see the information on their server. The information collected from these users is broader in nature because they have consented to be our customers and the need to provide the highest level of customer service to these customers requires a more varied and sometimes more intrusive degree of access. 

_Important Note: Category One and Category Two users that are covered by the so-called EU Directive on Data Protection and the EU/US Safe Harbor program, please note that Company adheres to the safe harbor framework developed by the Department of Commerce in coordination with the European Commission. Thus, the instant Privacy Policy does not apply and instead you should review the policy[here](https://web.archive.org/legal/eu_safe_harbor_privacy_policy.php)._

**IP Addresses.** An IP address is a number assigned to your computer when you connect to the Internet. As part of the protocol of the Internet, web servers can identify your computer by its IP address. In addition, web servers may be able to identify the type of browser and/or type of computer you are using. Connectria collects IP addresses and related information for the purposes of system administration, to assess the traffic to the Website and to maintain and improve the Website. We do not link IP addresses to your personally identifiable information. We can and will use IP addresses, however, to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our [Website Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/legal/terms_conditions.php) or to protect our service, the Website, customers or others. 

**Use Of Cookies.** Cookies are small bits of information that some websites (including the Website) transfer to an individual's hard drive for research purposes. Connectria uses cookies to analyze the traffic, such as total visitors and pages viewed on the Website, and make improvements based on the data we collect. Connectria never saves passwords or credit card information in cookies. The use of cookies has become a standard in the industry, especially at websites that provide any kind of personalized service. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can usually set your browser to refuse cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. If you refuse cookies, you may not be able to use some of the functionality of the Website. The Website's advertisers and other partners may also use cookies in connection with the services and websites to which the Website links. We do not control these cookies. 

**2\. WHO IS COLLECTING THIS INFORMATION.** Connectria collects the information described above via the Website. In the case of third party features such as advertising, co-branded areas or links to other websites, such third parties may also collect information. You should review the applicable privacy policies of these third parties before providing personally identifiable information. Connectria is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. 

**3\. HOW COLLECTED INFORMATION IS USED.**

**In General.** Connectria uses information to learn more about how visitors use the Website and to measure areas of interest. This allows Connectria to build features and functionality that will enhance your Website experience. Connectria may also use your e-mail address to send you information about new features and services, to share information about energy conservation programs and to provide you with conservation tips, or to send you information about special offers from Connectria's partners, unless you indicate in an opt-out disclosure that you do not wish to receive this type of information. We might also use this information to respond to e-mails, provide customer support, enforce [Website Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/legal/terms_conditions.php) or other similar matters. Aggregate information is also used to help us run and maintain the Website, study traffic patterns and generally learn about the usage of the Website. 

**Unrelated Companies**. Connectria occasionally shares limited customer information with companies we hire to provide operational, marketing, or advertising support, companies that help us distribute our products and services, or companies that provide products and services we want to offer. The companies we choose must satisfy our security and privacy requirements. We share your information with these companies only if they agree to treat it confidentially and only if it is legally permissible to do so. We limit the information we provide these companies to what we reasonably believe they "need to know" in connection with their agreement with Connectria and we don't permit them to use our customer information for any purposes outside our oversight or control. 

**Government Authorities and Litigation.** Sometimes a law, court order, or other judicial or administrative process requires us to provide information to a government authority or party to a private lawsuit. We will provide the information that we in good faith believe is required to comply with the law, order, or other process. We may also have to disclose certain information in court documents if we have to bring an action against you, for example, to collect a debt you owe us. 

**4\. CHOICES IN THE COLLECTION, USE AND DISTRIBUTION OF INFORMATION.** You always have a choice of whether you want to receive information about new features, events, offers and special coverage on the Website and about special offers from Connectria's partners. If at any time you do not want to receive such information, which may be keyed to the information we have collected about you, please e-mail Connectria at [legal@connectria.com](mailto:legal@connectria.com).

It is important to know that you may inadvertently provide personally identifiable information to third parties through your postings to a forum or participation in a chat session and we have no way to limit their use of the information you may provide. Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information online (for example, in forums, message boards or chat sessions) that information can be collected and used by people you don't know. While we strive to protect our user's personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you voluntarily disclose online and you do so at your own risk. 

**5\. WITH WHOM THE INFORMATION MAY BE SHARED.** Except for your choices described above, we will not knowingly disclose or authorize the disclosure of personal identifiable information (other than aggregate statistical information) to any third party without your consent unless (1) we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may have breached our [Website Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/legal/terms_conditions.php) or who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Connectria's rights or property, other Website users, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities or (2) we believe in good faith that the law requires it.   
**  
6\. CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13 YEARS.** In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), Connectria will not knowingly collect or accept personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13 without a parent or guardian's prior consent. Connectria will also allow the parent or guardian of a user under the age of 13 to review, update, change, delete or refuse to permit further collection of any and all information collected by the Website. A child's personally identifiable information will be treated with the same care and respect as an adult's information. To change, update, review, delete or refuse to permit further collection of your child's information, please e-mail Connectria at [legal@connectria.com](mailto:legal@connectria.com). 

**7\. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES.** While you are using the Website, you may be linked or directed to other third party websites outside the Website that are beyond Connectria's control. Each of these third parties may have a privacy policy different from that of Connectria. Connectria is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. You should review the applicable privacy policies of these third party websites before providing personally identifiable information. 

_**8\. Revocation of Consent to Collect and Use Personal Information.**_ If you want to revoke our right to collect any further personal information entirely, please e-mail Connectria at [legal@connectria.com](mailto:legal@connectria.com). 

**9\. SECURITY PROCEDURES WE USE.** We are very concerned with the security of your personally identifiable information and take great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us. Once we receive your information, we take appropriate steps that we believe are reasonable to protect the security of your data on our system, both internally and from outsiders, and to ensure the integrity of the data we collect. We use a combination of technological and policy methods to protect this data. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your passwords and any account information. Please be aware that Connectria will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail. 

**10\. CHANGES IN THESE TERMS.** We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time and will post notices on the Website at the time of any material changes to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. 
