> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the redtailtechnology.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121229144741id_/http%3A//corporate.redtailtechnology.com/%3Fpage_id%3D84) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Redtail Technology | Privacy Policy

**Last Updated: March 16, 2010**

This is the Privacy Policy of the Redtail website (the “Site”), operated by Redtail Technology Inc. (together with our affiliates and subsidiaries, “Redtail”, “we”, “us”, “our” and terms of similar meaning) and our related products and services. It describes the information that we collect from you as part of the normal operation of our Site, and how we use and disclose this information.

Redtail created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our commitment to customer privacy. Privacy on the Site is of great importance to us. Because we gather important information from our visitors and customers, we have established this Privacy Policy as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy.

By accepting the Privacy Policy in registration or by visiting and using the Site, you expressly consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to our [Terms of Use](http://corporate.redtailtechnology.com/?page_id=81).

In this Privacy Policy, we use the following terms to describe different types of visitors to our Site. Our customers are called “Subscribers” and our Subscribers’ customers are called “Customers”. We use the word “staff” to describe persons to whom Subscribers give “staff” access on the Site. Together with registered users of our forum or other interactive areas of the Site, these people are collectively described in this Privacy Policy as “Users” of our Site.

We use personal information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site, to provide to you the services offered by the Site; resolve service and billing disputes; troubleshoot problems; bill any amounts due from you; measure consumer interest in our products and services, inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, events and updates; deliver information to you that, in some cases, is relevant to your interests, such as product news; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our [Terms of Use](http://www.redtailtechnology.com/termsofuse.aspx); provide you with system or administrative messages, and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. On occasion we use email address or other contact information to contact our Subscribers to ask them for their input on our services, to forward to them media opportunities, and even to invite them to dinner.

We may also use personal information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze Site usage, to improve our content and product offerings, and to customize the Site’s content, layout, and services. These uses improve the Site and better tailor it to meet your needs, so as to provide you with a smooth, efficient, safe and customized experience while using the Site.

Our primary purpose in collecting personal information from you is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your experience safer and easier. We only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose.

In general, you can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you become a User, we require you to provide various contact and identity information, billing information, and other personal information as indicated on the relevant forms on the Site (which vary, depending on what kind of User you are), and you are no longer anonymous to us. Where possible, on these forms we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional.

In addition, as you use the Site, you can from time to time enter or send to us personal information. For example, if you are a Subscriber, you can enter your own email server settings. As you use the Site you can also from time to time enter personal information about third parties. For example, if you are a Subscriber, you can enter personal information about your Customers or your staff.

You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to become a User or by not using the particular feature of the Site for which the information is being collected.

If you are a Subscriber, we may collect your credit card information for billing purposes.

We also automatically track certain information about you based upon your behavior on our Site. We use this information to do internal research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve you and our community. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our Site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our Site or not), your computer browser information, and your IP address.

“Cookies” are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session, and we use data collection devices (such as Google Analytics), including cookies, on certain pages of the Site to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety, to offer certain features that are only available through the use of a cookie and to allow us to provide information that is targeted to your interests.

Standing alone, cookies do not identify you personally. They merely recognize your browser. Unless you choose to identify yourself to Redtail, either by responding to a promotional offer, opening an account, or registering for a 30-day trial, you remain anonymous to Redtail. Cookies come in two flavors: session and persistent-based. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you’ve closed your browser or turned off your computer. They include such information as a unique identifier for your browser.

Redtail uses session cookies containing encrypted information to allow the system to uniquely identify you while you are logged in. This information allows Redtail Technology to process your online transactions and requests. Session cookies help us make sure you are who you say you are after you’ve logged in and are required in order to use the Redtail application. Redtail uses persistent cookies that only the Site can read and use, to identify the fact that you are a Subscriber or prior Site visitor (whatever the case may be). We are especially careful about the security and confidentiality of the information stored in persistent cookies. For example, we do not store account numbers or passwords in persistent cookies. Users who disable their browsers’ ability to accept cookies will be able to browse our Site but will not be able to successfully use our service.

Following your registration on the Site, you can review and change your information in the Manage Your Account area. If you disclose personal information in any posting in our forum or blog and wish to have it removed, please contact us at the support contact information posted on the Site.

We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties without your explicit consent. The following describes some of the ways that your information may be disclosed in the normal scope of business to provide our services:

_Subscribers and Customers, Etc._ In the normal operation of the Site Subscriber customer data (including information entered by “staff” members) and activities are disclosed to the applicable Customers, and Customer information is disclosed to the applicable Subscriber. In general, information you enter on the Site is available to the other persons – whether they are Customers, Subscribers, staff members or others – to whom you give access to your account or to whom you give access to the information through the normal operation of the Site.

_Payment Information._ All financial and billing information that we collect through the Site is used solely to bill for Services. This billing information is not used by Redtail Technology for marketing or promotional purposes. Redtail Technology uses a third-party intermediary (Authorize.Net and Wells Fargo) to manage the credit card processing. This intermediary is solely a link in the distribution chain, and is not permitted to store, retain, or use the information provided, except for the sole purpose of credit card processing.

_Forum._ If you post on our forum or blog your username and other information you include is displayed in your postings or comments, and is therefore available to the public. All of your activities in the public areas of the forum will be identifiable to your User ID, and other people can see your published content.

_Subsidiaries and Affiliates; Service Providers._ We may from time to time use the services of affiliates, subsidiaries and unrelated service providers in the operation of the Site, and may disclose personal information to them in the course of our use of their services. For example, we may use the services of third-party partners to integrate with the Site. This may involve the exchange of data, including personal information, on servers operated by those partner companies. We take care to use only partners that we believe are reputable and able to live up to our and your expectations, including about the handling of confidential information. You may opt-out of using these services by not providing us integration credentials or not using that area of the Site.

_Legal Requests; Emergencies._ We cooperate with law enforcement inquiries and demands for information that are made under force of law. Therefore, we may provide personal information to law enforcement agencies in what we believe to be emergency situations, we may provide personal information where required by statute, court order, legal process or lawful authority, and we may provide it to our legal counsel in connection with the foregoing.

In order to facilitate the services provided by the Site, the Site allows you in certain circumstances to give other Users limited access to the personal information of other persons. For example, if you are a Subscriber, you may use the Site to give access to a staff member to the personal information of your Customers. By entering into our [Terms of Use](http://www.redtailtechnology.com/termsofuse.aspx), you agree that, with respect to the personal information of other persons that you collect, use and disclose on the Site, you have all necessary consents and rights to collect, use and disclose that information as described in this Privacy Policy from time to time, and you agree that the indemnity you give to us in the [Terms of Use](http://www.redtailtechnology.com/termsofuse.aspx) applies to any non-compliance by you with the foregoing.

Redtail strives to protect your personal information. Our Site has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the data under our control. For security of transactions, we use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, which encrypts any information, such as credit card number and billing information, you send to us electronically. The encryption process protects your information, by scrambling it before it is sent to us from your computer. Once Redtail receives your transmission, we make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our system. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. More information about security is available on the Site and in our [Terms of Use](http://www.redtailtechnology.com/termsofuse.aspx).

Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties through the Site, whether they are Subscribers or Customers or otherwise, different rules may apply to their use, collection and disclosure of the personal information you disclose to them. Since we do not control the information use, collection or disclosure policies of third parties, you are subject to their privacy policies. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others.

It is our goal to make our privacy practices easy to understand. If you have questions, concerns or if you would like more detailed information, please email us at support[at]redtailtechnology.com
