> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 1000markets.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-10-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091010061251id_/http%3A//www.1000markets.com/site/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Effective Date: August 29, 2008

At 1000 Markets, Inc., we care about how your personal information is used and shared. We respect your right to privacy and we recognize that visitors to http://www.1000markets.com (“ ** _Site_** ”) need to understand and control the uses of their personal information. On our Site you may browse and purchase products from our merchants, you may express yourself and participate in the community, and, if you are a merchant, you may display, sell and promote your products and your business. The privacy policy below describes the measures taken by us to protect your privacy in connection with your use of our Site. 

## WHAT PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT, AND WHEN DO WE COLLECT IT? 

We receive and store any information you enter on our Site or otherwise provide to us, including information that is generated by your activities on our Site. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as opening your account, processing your orders, responding to your requests, communicating with you, and customizing your experience. We also let you provide optional information in order to express yourself on the Site.

Here are the types of information we collect:

**Registration**. If you choose, you may become a registered user by creating an account with us. When you create an account, we require that you supply a user name, password, and e-mail address. If you wish to become a merchant and sell products, you may be asked to provide additional information related to you and your business, such as your business name.

**Purchases**. If you decide to purchase products from a merchant on our Site or from us, you must be a registered user. If you go through the checkout process without specifying an existing registered account, we will ask you for an email address and create an account on your behalf (in which case, we will send a computer-generated user name and password to the email address you supply). When you make a purchase, you may be also asked to provide information necessary to fulfill the order, such as contact information and a shipping address. 

**Payment Processing**. In order to send or receive payments, or access additional services, you are required to have an account with our third-party payment service provider, Amazon Payments, Inc., which may request additional information such as your full name, billing address, and banking or credit card information. Their use of such information is subject to their own privacy policies and applicable law. For more information, you may review the [Amazon Payments Privacy Notice](https://payments.amazon.com/sdui/sdui/about?nodeId=6020).

**Forms**. We use various forms for listing, selling, purchasing and returning products or services offered on our Site. We may use these forms, for instance, to collect your contact information ( _e_. _g_., your user name, e-mail address, mailing address and/or telephone number) in order to facilitate the sale and to provide our registered users with a means to get in touch with one another when deemed necessary. 

**Surveys, Special Contests or Promotions**. We may occasionally present a survey, special contest or promotion that is sponsored by 1000 Markets or by another company. To participate in such survey, contest or promotion, we may ask you to provide personal information. If we plan to share your personal information with the sponsor(s) or with others, we will provide a statement to that effect in the survey, contest or promotion terms.

**User Content.** **** You may elect to contribute content to the Site including forum postings, blog entries, personal photos, videos, and other content that you own or have the right to display and reproduce. Providing such information is optional. 

**User Home Page.** Every registered user has a home page that is accessible by anyone who uses the Site (a “ **User Home Page** ”). Your User Home Page is how you present yourself to the community. Some of the information on your User Home Page is provided by you and some is generated automatically by your activities on the Site. As a registered user, you may update your User Home Page and adjust its privacy settings. If you are a merchant selling on our Site, then your shop home page incorporates your User Home Page.

**Feedback**. We may ask you for feedback on other users with whom you have had transactions. Providing feedback is optional.

**Computer and Connection Information**. We collect and analyze information provided to us by your computer (or other internet-enabled device) when you connect to and use our Site, such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform. We also collect and store your IP Address. An Internet Protocol (“ ** _IP_** ”) address is a unique string of numbers that is assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. We will use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Site. Your IP address also may be used to gather broad demographic information.

**Cookies**. A “cookie” is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain websites. We may use cookies supplied by your browser or by third-party add-ins, such as Flash. We use cookies to collect, store and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the services we provide. We also use a cookie to save your settings and to provide customizable and personalized services (including, without limitation to hold your shopping cart information). These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your personally identifiable information. Additionally, be aware that if you visit other websites you may be required to accept cookies. Advertisers and partners may also use their own cookies. We do not control use of these cookies and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.

**URL Click Steam**. We may collect the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) click-stream to, through, and from our Site, including any time and date information associated with it.

**Page Interactions**. We may use software tools such as Flash or JavaScript to collect page interaction information (clicks, drags, hover-overs) as well as information about page response times, errors, and length of visits to certain pages.

**Clear Gifs (Web Beacons/Web Bugs)**. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are placed on a user’s hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We may use clear gifs to track information for statistical purposes to improve the services we provide. Our use of clear gifs will not enable third parties to access any of your personally identifiable information. Additionally, be aware that advertisers and partners may also use their own clear gifs. We do not control use of these and expressly disclaim responsibility for information collected through them.

## HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION? 

**Order processing**. As part of the transaction process, we will pass along certain personally identifiable information to either the buyer or the seller, as the case may be, and to certain third-party service providers. Such information may only be used to process the transaction and to ship your purchases to or from you, as the case may be. 

**Customized experience**. We gather your personally identifiable information to provide you with a customized experience on our Site. Your personally identifiable information helps us tailor the content, services, goods and advertising to your current and future needs.

**E-mail; Physical Mailings**. If you register with our Site, from time to time, we may send you e-mail messages or postal mail informing you of our products and services and also third party products and services we believe may be of interest to you, such as new features and services, special offers and updated information. The e-mails we send  may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the e-mail, including whether the e-mail was opened and/or what links (if any) were clicked. We will combine such information with other information we have about you and may use this information to improve your experience with our Site and/or provide customized e-mail communications to you. We may use third-party service providers to process our emails and we may pass along certain personally identifiable information to them. Such information may only be used to process the emails.

**History**. We may maintain records of your selling and purchasing activities on the Site.  Merchants may access historical order records showing transaction between them and buyers who purchased products from them, such records may include all information from the original order including user name, shipping address, products purchased, and payment amounts.

## WHO DO WE SHARE YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION WITH?

If you make a purchase on the Site, we share certain personal information about you with the seller to complete the transaction (such as your name, order details and shipping address). We may also share this information with third parties to facilitate the order, such as payment processing companies, shipping partners and sales tax affiliates.

We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf or on behalf of our merchants. Examples include sending postal mail or e-mail, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing payment transactions, verifying identity, fraud screening and providing customer service. These third parties may have access to your personal information solely as needed to perform their functions.  We will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties (aside from entities that perform services for us that either are bound to comply with our privacy policy or have privacy policies that protect your information, or as described in the following three paragraphs) unless you have “opted-in” to such sharing.

However, we may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law or if we have a good faith belief that disclosure is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process served on us; (2) protect and defend our rights or property; or (3) act in an emergency to protect someone’s safety. 

We may gather demographic information from you (for example, your age, education level or household income) from time to time. We will not share such information with any other person or entity in a manner that identifies you as an individual, unless we let you know that at the time of collection or we have your permission. When we share demographic information with third parties, we will give them aggregate information only.

As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets, and, depending upon the transaction, your personally identifiable information may be one of the transferred assets. In the event that we are acquired by another company, your personal information may be part of the assets transferred to the acquiring party. We will notify by notice on the Site of any change of ownership or control of your personal information.

## WHAT ARE YOUR OPTIONS TO CONTROL THE USE OF YOUR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION? 

Although most users of our Site tell us they value receiving our newsletters, special promotions and information regarding service provided by others, we recognize the importance of providing you with choice and control. If you would rather not receive emails about new services, promotions, or other noteworthy news, you can change your settings in your user profile or you may contact us at support@1000markets.com.

## HOW CAN I UPDATE MY PROFILE?

You can help us maintain the accuracy of your profile by notifying us when you change your contact information, such as your mailing address or e-mail address. If at any time you wish to update your information or stop receiving communication from us, you may go to and update your profile by signing in to your account and going to the My Account area.

## WHAT ABOUT KIDS’ PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION?

Our Site is not directed to children under the age of 13. We assume products purchased through Amazon Payments are purchased by adults or minors supervised by a parent or guardian. We respect the privacy of parents and children and are committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“ ** _COPPA_** ”). On those areas of our Site that ask for age, we do not collect personal information from individuals who identify themselves as under the age of 13 except in those limited circumstances where we believe that such collection is permitted under COPPA. 

We may ask prospective users to provide their age during the registration process and on other areas of our Site. If a user indicates that he or she is under the age of 13 then all personal data collected during the registration process is automatically deleted except that we may retain and use limited information, such as the child’s email address, for a limited period of time, in those cases where we believe that the collection and use of such information is permitted under COPPA. 

If a parent believes that his or her child has provided us with personal information, he or she can contact us via e-mail or postal mail as listed below. We will promptly delete the information upon learning that it relates to a child under the age of 13. If we learn that a user of the Site who is under 13 is publicly posting or sharing personally identifiable information, the user will be blocked from accessing these areas of the Site.

We believe that parents should supervise their children’s online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from otherwise disclosing online their name, address and other personal information without parental permission. 

## WHAT ELSE SHOULD YOU KNOW ABOUT YOUR PRIVACY? 

**Forums, Chat Rooms, and Other Areas with User Generated Content.** If you use forums, chat rooms, or other areas of our Site where you post your own content and participate in the community (including your own User Home Page), you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected or used by other users of the Site, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these areas of the Site.

**Security**. We have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Although we will exercise reasonable care in providing secure transmission of information between your computer and our servers, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us over the Internet and we accept no liability for any unintentional disclosure. 

**Links to Other Sites**. Our Site contains hyperlinks and pointers to Internet sites maintained by third parties. These links are provided for your reference only. We do not control, operate or endorse in any respect information, products or services on such third-party sites and are not responsible for their content. Many third-party sites have their own privacy policies that differ from ours. This privacy policy only covers our Site and does not cover any other site. While we make every effort to keep your information secure, we do not control the policies of other sites.

## CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may make changes in our privacy policy from time to time. When we do so, we will post the revised privacy policy on our Site with a link at the bottom of our home page. Our home page will also contain a statement notifying readers that the policy has changed and the effective date of that change.

## CONTACTING 1000 MARKETS, INC.

We would like to receive your comments and questions about this Privacy Policy and any other matter you have regarding our Site. Please address comments or questions to us via e-mail or postal mail. 

You may send us an email at support@1000markets.com.

You may also contact us by mail at:

1000 Markets, Inc.  
PO Box 1177  
Eastsound WA 98245

## ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY POLICY.

Your use of our Site, including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this Privacy Policy and the User Agreement. **BY USING OUR SITE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRACTICES SET OUT IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR USER AGREEMENT**. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the changes on this page. Please check the revision date at the bottom of this page to determine if the policy has been modified since you last reviewed it. Your continued use of any portion of our Site following posting of the updated Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of the changes.
