> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 100bestbuy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130517090332id_/http%3A//www.100bestbuy.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Online Shopping in India | Get the Best Shopping Deals Online in India | 100bestbuy.com

On 100bestbuy we give utmost importance towards our customer’s privacy.

We do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent and we only use your information as described in the Privacy Policy. We view protection of your privacy as a very important community principle. We understand clearly that you and Your Information is one of our most important assets. We store and process Your Information on computers located in the India that are protected by physical as well as technological security devices. We use third parties to verify and certify our privacy principles. If you object to your Information being transferred or used in this way please do not use the Site.

**1\. Collection of Personally Identifiable Information and other Information** When you use our Website, we collect and store your personal information which is provided by you from time to time. Our primary goal in doing so is to provide you a safe, efficient, smooth and customized experience. We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the Website to help analyse our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. "Cookies" are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We offer certain features that are only available through the use of a "cookie". We also use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help us provide information that is targeted to your interests. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on the Website and you may be required to re-enter your password more frequently during a session. Additionally, you may encounter "cookies" or other similar devices on certain pages of the Website that are placed by third parties. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. If you choose to buy on the Website, we collect information about your buying behavior. We collect personally identifiable information (email address, name, phone number, address, city,) from you when you set up a free account with us. While you can browse some sections of our Website without being a registered member, certain activities (such as placing an order) do require registration. We do use your contact information to send you offers based on your previous orders and your interests. 

**2\. Use of Profile Data / Your Information** We use your personal information to resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; help promote a safe service; collect money; measure consumer interest in our products and services, inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our terms and conditions; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. We identify and use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. 

**3\. Sharing of your personal information** We may share personal information with our other corporate entities and affiliates to help detect and prevent identity theft, fraud and other potentially illegal acts; correlate related or multiple accounts to prevent abuse of our services; and to facilitate joint or co-branded services that you request where such services are provided by more than one corporate entity. We and our affiliates will share / sell some or all of your personal information with another business entity should we (or our assets) plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity, or re-organization, amalgamation, restructuring of business. Should such a transaction occur that other business entity (or the new combined entity) will be required to follow this privacy policy with respect to your personal information? 

**4\. Access (modify or delete) you personal information** The user can access his account with 100bestbuy from http://www.100bestbuy.com/my-account.php He/She can update or modify their account anytime with the userid and password provided uniquely. 

**5\. Unsubscribe (opt-out) of future communications** The user has all the rights to opt-out of mailers and any further communications from 100bestbuy. 

**6\. Secured processing server** We do not store any bank details of Customers. 
