> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 100tb.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180901003748id_/https%3A//www.100tb.com/legal/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - 100TB.com

### Effective Date: May 25, 2018 [](https://www.privacytrust.com/cert/766452.html)

### Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy explains how Hosting Services, Inc. (HSI) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from our customers, visitors to our websites, individuals who contact us and visitors to our customers’ websites (all: “User” or “Users”). Please review our Privacy Policy in conjunction with our Acceptable Use Policy (AUP) and, if applicable, your contract with us. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to provide Users with an understanding of what types of information we collect, how we treat it, and choices they may have related to this information. We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy, other than necessary to remedy typographical errors, will be announced on our home page, as well as in email to the primary address Users have on file with us.

### Information Collection and Use

  * **Orders**

If Users purchase a product or service from us, we request personal information from them on our order form. Users must provide contact information (such as name, email and mailing address) and financial information (such as credit card number, CVV and expiration date). During the purchase process, Users may provide optional information to us. If that information is provided, it is covered by this Privacy Policy; however, providing it is voluntary. Credit card information is made secure by a High-grade Encryption (AES-256, 256 bit keys) Comodo SSL Certificate.

We use this information for billing purposes and to fill a User’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact the User.

  * **Customer Testimonials**

We post User’s testimonials/comments/reviews on our website which may contain personal information. We do obtain the User’s consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. Users may contact us in writing at sales@100TB.com to have their testimonial removed. We will remove it in 30 days.

  * **Tell-A-Friend**

If Users choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask the User for their friend's name and email address. We will automatically send the User’s friend the User’s personal message via email. HSI stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Users or the User’s friend may request deletion of this information by contacting us in writing at sales@100TB.com. This information will be removed in 30 days.

  * **Customer Service**

We will communicate with Users in response to their inquiries, to provide the services they request, and to manage the Users’ account. We will communicate with Users by email or telephone, in accordance with their wishes.

  * **Surveys or Contests**

From time-to-time we may provide Users the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys. If Users choose to participate, we may request certain personal information from them. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and Users therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information may include contact information, demographic information, and personal preferences. We may use a third party service provider to conduct these surveys or contests; that provider is prohibited from using our Users' personal information for any other purpose. Users may request deletion of this information by contacting us in writing at sales@100TB.com.

  * **Registration and Support**

The forms found on our website are used to gather contact information (such as name, email address, billing information, and phone number) of Users to process orders, respond to questions and requests. If Users need to change their personal account information, they may update it by making the change in their account.

We do not intentionally collect information from children under the age of 13.

HSI keeps records of User interaction and support provided (via chat, phone, and email) to track account history and better assist our Users. When Users contact HSI for support for their services, Users will be asked to match certain information that is in their Registration Information. This Registration Information will be used to identify Users personally. In the course of providing support to Users, HSI may annotate the Registration Information with information disclosed while providing support (Support Information).

Support Information may identify Users individually. In addition to providing support to Users, HSI may disclose Support Information to third-party vendors in order to provide the support requested by Users. These third parties may disclose and use Support Information to improve their business processes and for marketing. Unless necessary to provide support to Users, HSI will not disclose Support Information containing information that identifies Users individually to these third parties. During a support request, Users may request that HSI not disclose Support Information to third parties. This request will prevent HSI from providing support to Users.




We rely on the following legal basis, under data protection law, to process your personal information:

  * Because the processing is necessary to perform a contract with you, or take steps prior to entering into a contract with you (e.g. where you have made a purchase with us, we use your personal information to process the payment and fulfil your order).
  * Because we have obtained your consent (e.g. where you contact us with a query, where you add optional information to your account profile, or if you consent to receive marketing from us).
  * Because it is in our legitimate interests as an information technology provider to maintain and promote our services. We are always seeking to understand more about our customers in order to offer the best products and customer experience, so we use information about you to tailor your view of our website, to make it more interesting and relevant in respect of the products and offers on view.



### Marketing & Email Correspondence

HSI will use Users’ names and email addresses to send newsletters to them. These newsletters include information on promotions, services, and company information. We will contact you for marketing purposes where we have your consent or on the basis that it is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests. Out of respect for User privacy, we provide Users a way to unsubscribe in each promotional email.

We will send Users service-related announcements on occasion when it is necessary to do so; for example, if there is network maintenance, Users will receive an email. Users may opt out of these communications by clicking the unsubscribe link provided.

If Users do not want to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, they may opt out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at: sales@100TB.com.

### Third-Party Sharing

We will share Users’ personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. These third parties include credit card processors, technology vendors chosen by Users to be included in the services, and bandwidth providers. We do not sell User personal information to third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy. We may also disclose User personal information:

  * as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
  * to parent, associated and subsidiary companies of HSI, as necessary to provide the services and assist with our business operations;
  * when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect User safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; or
  * to any other third party with the User’s prior consent to do so.



HSI may aggregate information covered by this Privacy Policy and disclose it outside our business. This information will not identify Users individually.

### Linked/Advertiser Sites

From time-to-time, we may include links or banners for third-party sites, including sites that advertise. This privacy policy does not govern the information these sites collect when you visit them. These sites may know that you have visited them from our site.

### Security

The security of Users’ personal information is important to us. We use commercially reasonable standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. When Users enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Electronic communication (for example: email, online chat, or instant messaging) that Users may send HSI may not be secure unless HSI advises Users in advance that security measures will be in place prior to transmitting the information. Users should not send confidential information such as financial information, social security numbers or passwords to HSI through unsecured electronic communication.

### Overseas Transfers of Personal Information

HSI needs to store your personal information and payment information on databases in the US. HSI complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce (<https://www.commerce.gov/page/eu-us-privacy-shield>) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. HSI has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit <https://www.privacyshield.gov/>.

### Data Retention

We will retain User’s information for as long as their account is active or as needed to provide Users services. If Users wish to cancel their account or request that we no longer use their information to provide them services, contact us at billing@100TB.com. We will retain and use User information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Following termination of the Users’ agreement with us, Users will have no access to this information, and we may delete it for any reason, at any time.

### Your Rights

If you are a user based in the European Economic Area (EEA), you may have certain rights in respect of your personal information, including the right to access, correct, and request the erasure of your personal information.

Upon written request, we provide Users with access to personal information they have provided to us. In most cases, we will need verify your identity by further means. Users can access this information by e-mailing us at billing@100TB.com. If their personal information changes, Users may correct, update, or delete inaccuracies through [https://cp.100tb.com](https://cp.100tb.com/). If Users are having trouble accessing the contact address above, our customer support team can assist them, and they can be contacted at 1-888-395-0752. Users may also contact us at the address below to correct, amend or delete information we maintain about them.

We will comply with any requests to exercise your rights in accordance with applicable law. Please be aware, however, that there are a number of limitations to these rights, and there may be circumstances where we are not able to comply with your request. To make any requests regarding your personal information, or if you have any questions or concerns regarding your personal information, you should contact us using the details below. You are also entitled to raise your concerns with your local supervisory authority for data protection.

### Dispute Resolution

You can raise any concerns with us, or with PrivacyTrust (<http://www.privacytrust.org/complaint/raise_privacy_complaint.php>).

### Business Transitions

In the event HSI goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, Users’ personal information will likely be among the assets transferred. Users will be notified via e-mail of any such change in ownership or control of their personal information.

### Contact Us

If Users have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at: 1-888-395-0752 or sales@100TB.com. However, if a particular section of this Privacy Policy has a specific contact point, Users must use that point.

HSI  
Marketing - Re: Privacy Policy  
517 W 100 N, Suite 225  
Providence, UT 84332

HSI will be subject to investigatory and enforcement powers of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) if necessary.

###  Browse our servers 

[ Shop Now ](https://web.archive.org/store/)

###  Learn about the power of 100TB's platform 

[ Download White Paper ](https://resources.100tb.com/100tb-api-whitepaper)

###  Chat with our experts 

Live Chat 
