> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kws.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150413081407id_/http%3A//www.kws.com/go/id/slu) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# KWS SAAT AG- Data Privacy Policy

KWS SAAT AG (hereafter also called "KWS") is pleased to learn about your interest in our company and would like to thank you for visiting our website. The protection of your personal data is very important to KWS. Hereafter you will find information in particular with regard to when we store which data and how we use them.

**Anonymous Data Collection**

In principle you can visit the KWS websites without disclosing your identity. We only learn the name of your internet service provider, the website from which you visit us as well as our web pages you visit. This information is only evaluated for statistical purposes. You – the individual user – remain anonymous.  

**Cookies**

Cookies are small text files stored on your hard disc whenever you visit an internet page. These text files are generated by the web server by which you initiate a connection via your web browser (e.g.  Internet Explorer, Netscape Navigator) and then sent to you. 

We also use cookies on our web pages, e.g. in the frame of forms (registration, order or survey forms) or the shopping cart display. For these purposes we only use so-called "session cookies" which are deleted when you close your browser. Our cookies do not contain any personal data.

Most browsers are preset in such a way that they accept cookies automatically. However, you can deactivate the storage of cookies or preset your browser in such a way that you are notified as soon as cookies are transmitted. Moreover, you can delete cookies in your system any time (e.g. in the Windows Explorer). Please use the "help" function in the menu bar of your web browser resp. operating system.

**Collection, Processing and Use of Personal Data**

Personal data (e.g. name, address, phone number etc.) will only be collected when made available to us on a voluntary basis, e.g. in connection with the registration for personalized services or for the execution or fulfillment of a contract or your enquiry. The personal data collected are processed and used primarily for handling your orders and enquiries. We attach great importance to collecting only data which are absolutely necessary. 

Furthermore we use and process your data in order to inform you occasionally by mail about our products, services and actions which could be of high interest for you as well as in order to perform eventual customer surveys. 

**Disclosure of Personal Data**

We will disclose personal data exclusively to service providers and partnership enterprises supporting us in handling orders and providing information to customers. These companies are only entitled to use your personal data for the fulfillment of their tasks on your behalf and are obligated to comply with the applicable data protection regulations. 

From time to time we may be obliged due to statutory regulations or legal matters to disclose your data to third parties. Beyond this however there will be no transfer of personal data to third parties.

**Newsletter**

You will only receive the E-Mail-Newsletter if you have ordered this newsletter explicitly on our website. In case you do not wish to receive the E-Mail-Newsletter any more, you can cancel this subscription any time by using the link you will find at the end of each newsletter.

**Right of Objection**

You are entitled any time to object to the aforementioned use of your data for advertisement and market research purposes by way of a short message to the address indicated below. 

**Your Right of Information, Correction and Deletion of your Personal Data**

Furthermore you are of course entitled any time to request information with regard to what data have been stored about you and for which purpose they have been stored. Moreover, you can either have  corrected faulty data or have deleted such data the storage of which is inadmissible or no longer necessary. In order to assert your aforementioned rights please contact the address indicated below.

**External Links**

From time to time our online offers will contain links to the internet pages of third parties. As far as this is not obvious we will point out that this is an external link. KWS does not have any influence on the contents and the layout of the pages of external providers. This Data Privacy Policy is not applicable in this respect. 

**Modification of this Data Privacy Policy**

For legal and/or organizational reasons modifications resp. adjustments of this Data Privacy Policy may become necessary. We kindly ask you to have a look at the current version of our Data Privacy Policy. 

**Contact Person with Regard to Questions or Requests of Information**

For questions, comments, recommendations as well as requests of information in connection with our Data Privacy Policy and the processing or your personal data please contact directly our data protection officer at the following address:

KWS SAAT AG  
Data protection officer  
Grimsehlstr, 31  
Box 1463

Phone: +49 (0)5561 311-0  
Fax: +49 (0)5561 311-322  
E-Mail: [datenschutz@kws.com](mailto:%64%61%74%65%6E%73%63%68%75%74%7A%40%6B%77%73%2E%63%6F%6D)

Einbeck, December 2011
