> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tigertech.net privacy policy that was archived on 2019-09-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190909200230id_/https%3A//support.tigertech.net/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Tiger Technologies Support

We're aware of the growing concern of Internet users regarding the widespread distribution of their personal information. This privacy policy describes how we collect and use such information. 

### Personal Information

We request personal information (such as your name, address, and email address) if you sign up for one of our domain name or Web hosting services. We do not request, collect or store personal information if you merely browse our website or search for available domain names. 

If you choose to sign up for a domain name, your contact information may be made available to the public via the WHOIS system (this happens with any domain name registration company and is required by ICANN, the central organization that oversees domain names). We use a [privacy-enhanced version of your contact information](https://web.archive.org/whois) for this purpose where possible, but there are some limits. If privacy is a concern, you may wish to use valid but less revealing contact information (such as a post office box address, work address, etc.) when you sign up with us. 

We may be required to provide your contact information to other parties for legal reasons. For example, we may provide it in response to a court order, or to a request from a law enforcement agency, or to other parties as necessary to resolve an apparent violation of our Terms of Service. 

If you sign up for a Web hosting account and we issue a [Referral Reward](https://web.archive.org/referral) to an existing customer who referred you, the other customer will know your domain name and which hosting plan you sign up for. We do not provide any other information to the existing customer. 

We will not share your contact information with third parties for other reasons. In particular, we never sell or trade customer information for marketing purposes. 

After you sign up, we will not send you email or postal mail unrelated to the service you purchased. Instead, the information you supply is used by us for only these purposes: 

  1. After you order, we send one or more email messages confirming the order, with instructions on how to get started.
  2. As long as you remain a customer, we may occasionally send update notices that are primarily related to the service you purchased. For example, from time to time we send notices of new features available to our Web hosting customers. These messages sometimes include other promotional announcements about our company, but such announcements will not be the focus of the message.
  3. If you purchase a service that expires after a certain time period (such as a one-year "domain name only" service), we will send you renewal notices by email. 



### Cookies

A few pages on our website use "cookies". A cookie is a unique number or other identifier generated by our servers that allows them to remember your progress from page to page as you move through our website. This allows us to offer features such as the ability to remember the password used to login to your account management pages. 

Our website (and its cookies) cannot reference any personal information unless you supply it yourself by typing it. 

### Encryption

In order to further protect customer information, certain forms on our website are run on a secure server, utilizing encryption technology to safeguard all credit card transactions from unauthorized viewing. We use industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data in transit, and GPG encryption to protect stored credit card numbers. Passwords are stored using [salt](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Salt_\(cryptography\)) and 5,000 rounds of the [SHA512 algorithm](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SHA-2). 

### Spam Reports

If you are a customer of our email service and you report an incoming message to us as "spam", we may view the complete contents of that message. 

### Data Privacy

When our customers store information on our servers (such as email and database storage), we do not examine that information unless needed for security or technical reasons. For example, we do not use systems that examine the contents of your email for marketing reasons, but we may see the contents of a message if you report that it was incorrectly classified by a spam filter, or that it contained a virus. 

### Logging

For security reasons, we maintain logs of each visit to our websites, including the IP address that connected to our servers. 

### Summary

These measures, together with our belief that it is up to the individual to determine who receives and what may be done with their personal information, ensure that we will do our best to protect your privacy. If you have any questions or concerns, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/contact). 
