> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tigerdirect.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181227124816id_/http%3A//www.tigerdirect.com/sectors/aboutus/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy at TigerDirect.com

**TigerDirect Business Privacy Policy**

**Effective Date: February 17th, 2016** ****  
**Last Updated: April 16, 2018** ****

We at Tiger Direct Business ("TigerDirect", "we" or "us") understand that making purchases online involves a great deal of trust on your part. We take that trust seriously and hope this privacy policy (the "Policy") is to help you understand what kind of Personal Information we may gather about you when you visit the TigerDirect Business Web site located at www.TigerDirect.com and related sub- domains (the Site), how we may use the Personal Information you have provided to us, to whom we disclose such Personal Information, and how you can correct or update the Personal Information you have provided us.

If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, you should not use the Site. We reserve the right to update or modify this Policy from time to time, and such changes to the Policy will be effective immediately, therefore please bookmark this page and review it periodically to assure familiarity with the most current version of the Policy. You can tell if the Policy has been updated since you last reviewed it by checking the "Last Revised" date at the beginning of the Policy.

This Policy is the sole authorized statement of TigerDirect Business practices with respect to the online collection of personal information through the Site and the usage of such information. Any summaries of this Policy generated by third party software or otherwise shall have no legal effect, are in no way binding upon TigerDirect Business, shall not be relied upon in substitute of this Policy, and neither supersede or modify this Policy. If you have questions that are not addressed under this Policy, please submit them to us by sending an email to [webmaster@tigerdirect.com](mailto:webmaster@tigerdirect.com).

To assist you with your review of our Policy, we have provided answers or questions that you may find important. 

  * WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU
  * COOKIES
  * WEB BEACONS
  * WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
  * HOW WE USE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
  * HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
  * HOW WE SHARE OR DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT
  * SPECIAL NOTIFICATION TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
  * MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS: OPTING OUT
  * ADVERTISERS
  * REMARKETING WITH GOOGLE ANALYTICS
  * GOOGLE ANALYTICS
  * GOOGLE DISPLAY NETWORK IMPRESSION REPORTING
  * SWEEPSTAKES AND PROMOTIONS
  * CO-BRANDED SITES: LINKS TO OTHER SITES
  * ONLINE VS. OFFLINE PRACTICES
  * CONTACTING TIGERDIRECT BUSINESS

**WHAT INFORMATION WE COLLECT ABOUT YOU**  
When you visit our Site, we collect information directly from you as well as through the use of cookies and web beacons about (i) your computer such as its IP address, operating systems and browser software; (ii) the website that you came from before visiting our Site, which pages of the Site you visited, the order in which you visited those pages, and which hyperlinks you clicked; and (iii) demographic information about you regarding age and range of income levels. This is all done for the purposes of (i) assessing our Site traffic and the effectiveness of our Site content; (ii) diagnosing problems with our servers, and (iii) improving the quality of your Site visits. We may also collect information pertaining solely to corporations, government or educational entities, or other business or non-profit, which at times may involve us purchasing third party information about businesses and other entities from others. The company information we purchase may include number of employees or annual sales information or similar information to better serve our organizational customers. We may use any such corporate information without restriction. We also collect your Personal Data, which we explain further directly below. We do not track our Site visitors when they are on third-party websites.

**COOKIES**  
Upon visiting our Site, we will assign you a unique ID in the form of a "cookie". A cookie is a piece of information that is sent to your browser by a website that help websites such as our Site to remember information about your visit and save your preferred settings. Cookies are also used for such purposes as facilitating and personalizing your shopping and ordering experience, keeping track of your shopping basket during your visit, helping diagnose problems with our server and administering our Site. In our case, we may use the information collected through cookies for marketing purposes to inform you of special offers, to better understand your needs, or to answer your questions. For more information about cookies, please see our Cookie FAQ's.

There are two types of cookies: first party cookies which are created by the site you visit and third party cookies which are created by other sites who own some of the content on the site you are visiting. You retain the ability at any time at your discretion to manage and control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser for both types of cookies as best suits your needs. Some browsers even allow you to manage cookies on a site-by-site basis. You may also limit or delete cookies by reviewing your cookie settings and ad settings. For example, if you use a Google Chrome browser, the Tools menu contains an option to Clear Browsing Data. You can use this option to delete cookies and other site and plug-in data, including data stored on your device by the Adobe Flash Player (commonly known as Flash cookies).

We recommend, however, that you allow cookies from our site as they enable you to utilize our features and services and limiting or deleting cookies will mean you will be signed out of our Site, lose any of your saved preferences on our Site, and be prevented from adding items to your shopping cart and proceeding to Checkout. 

**WEB BEACONS**  
Some of our Web pages and HTML -formatted e-mail newsletters may use Web beacons to compile aggregate statistics about website usage. A Web beacon is an electronic image often called a single- pixel (1x1) or clear GIF, which is ordinarily not visible to the site visitor. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on a visitor's computer, such as visitor's cookie number, time and date of page or image view and description of the page where the web beacon is placed. When used in an e-mail they can tell us whether an e-mail has been opened. You may control whether your email client is allowed to download images and web beacons.

**WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT**  
We collect only that Personal Information that you specifically and voluntarily provide to us while using our Site. For purpose of this Policy, we define Personal Information as information that identifies you as a specific individual, for example, your name, account number, physical or email address, and phone number. We collect your Personal Information when you: 

  * Make a purchase
  * Create an account
  * Subscribe to our newsletter
  * Request a catalog
  * Participate in a survey
  * Register at our website

Please note the site is intended for use by residents of the U.S. only who are over the age of eighteen (18). We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children younger than thirteen (13) years of age.

**HOW WE USE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT**  
We use the Personal Information that you provide us to 1) fulfill requests for products, services and/or information, 2) provide customer service, 3) offer products and services to you, 4) measure and improve the effectiveness of our Site and our marketing endeavors, 5) tailor our online offerings to your preferences, 6) administer promotions or surveys, or 7) achieve other business purposes as permitted under applicable law.

When you make a purchase on our Site, we may collect your credit card information including card number, card type, cardholder name, cardholder billing address, and credit card expiration date in order to bill you for purchases made through us. Please review our Credit Card Policy for additional information.

**HOW WE PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
To help protect the security of your Personal Information, we seek to use security technology and procedures consistent with industry standards. We use encryption technology and Secure Socket Layers ("SSL") in all areas of the Site where your personal account information is required, which means the Personal Information you submit to us via our Site is encrypted by your computer and decrypted again on our side. If your browser does not support SSL or if you are unable to establish a secure connection due to a company firewall, please call us at 888-278-4437 to place your order by phone. In addition, your personal account information and transaction history are kept behind a firewall.

Unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. If you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), please immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “Contacting TigerDirect” section below.

**HOW WE SHARE OR DISCLOSE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT**  
We may share or disclose your Personal Information with: 

  * Our affiliated or related companies (collectively, our “affiliates”);
  * Our service providers, consultants, professional advisors and contractors who perform services on our behalf. For example, we may disclose your Personal Information to a third party designed to determine the accuracy of and/or to update the Personal Information we have collected. We may also combine data that we collect online with data collected offline (such as through purchases made through one of our catalogs), or with data provided by other parties;
  * Unaffiliated third party individuals or entities, such as our marketing or business partners, not affiliated with TigerDirect Business or our affiliates. Please note that, although we only work with third parties whom we believe to be reputable, our third-party marketing partners may have different privacy policies and practices than ours and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of our marketing partners or any other third parties.

In the event that we sell or otherwise transfer to a third party assets related either (a) to the Site (b) to one or more of our businesses, divisions or affiliated companies, we reserve the right to also transfer any and all information (including any Personal Information) associated with the Site and/or any business, division or affiliated company to such third party.

We reserve the right to release your Personal Information where we believe you are in violation of any published guidelines for the use of the Site or participate (or is suspected of participating) in any illegal or potentially illegal activity. We also reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information to comply with applicable law, to respond to civil subpoenas or discovery requests, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is required to protect the rights, property, safety or security of TigerDirect, our visitors or the public, or to respond to an emergency.

**SPECIAL NOTIFICATION TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS**  
Individual customers who reside in California and have provided their Personal Information to us may request further information as to what categories of Personal Information we have disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes. Such requests may be directed to TigerDirect Mailing Management Department, 1940 E. Mariposa Ave, El Segundo, CA 90245. Within thirty days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of categories of our customer Personal Information that we have disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of those third parties. This type of request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the mailing address specified to this paragraph. 

**MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS: OPTING OUT**  
When you provide us with Personal Information, such as when you register to receive email newsletters, catalog subscriptions or other information or when you make a purchase, we will provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of having your Personal Information used by us to send you advertising or promotional materials. Unless you have opted out of receiving such marketing materials, we may use your Personal Information to send you (via email or postal mail) advertisements concerning our products, services, special promotions, surveys or any other such opportunities we may provide which we believe may be of interest to you. Such advertisements may also concern products and services of third parties that are sold or featured on the Site. 

**ADVERTISERS**  
TigerDirect uses outside third party vendors and ad networks ("Advertisers") to serve advertisements on the Site. At this time, TigerDirect uses Google AdSense to serve advertisements on the Site. For more information about Google AdSense, please visit [www.google.com/adsens/](https://www.google.com/adsense/start/).

Please be advised that such Advertisers may place or recognize a unique advertising cookie on your browser (including through use of pixel tags) through which they monitor your behavior and preferences on our Site as well as other websites. The Advertisers and their partners use these advertising cookies to serve you ads based on your prior visits to our Site or other websites. If you do not opt of third-party ad serving, the cookies of other Advertisers may also be used to serve ads on your site.

If you would like more information about this practice and to learn about your choices in connection with these practices, please visit [www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) and [www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/).

If you would like to opt out of a third party vendor’s use of cookies for personalized advertising, you may do so by visiting [www.aboutads.info](http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2#!/) or [www.google.com/adsense](https://www.google.com/adsense/start/). 

**REMARKETING WITH GOOGLE ANALYTICS**  
We also use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Remarketing with Google Analytics allows third-party vendors, including Google, to display our ads on third-party sites across the Internet by studying your use as well as other visitors’ past use of our Site and other websites. You can learn more about Google’s practices in connection with this remarketing and opt out of it by visiting <http://www.google.com/settings/ads> or by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at [www.tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). 

**GOOGLE ANALYTICS**  
Our Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”) which uses cookies and similar technologies monitoring our Site visitors to help us analyze how visitors use our Site. Google Analytics analyzes our Site visitor data by transmitting information generated about our Site usage, including visitor IP address, to Google where they evaluate visitors’ use of the Site, compile statistical reports on website activity, and provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage. During this process, Google may also collect information about Site visitors’ use of other websites. Google does offers the ability to opt out from tracking through Google Analytics cookies. To do so, please visit <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>. 

**GOOGLE DISPLAY NETWORK IMPRESSION REPORTING**  
We use Google Display Network Impression Reporting to analyze users’ interactions with our ads. TigerDirect and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to report how your ad impressions, our other uses of ad services, and your interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our Site. You can learn more about Google’s practices in connection with this reporting by visiting <http://www.google.com/settings/ads>. You can opt out from tracking through Google Display Network Impression Reporting or by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>. 

**SWEEPSTAKES AND PROMOTIONS**  
We may, from time to time, offer sweepstakes, contests, or other similar promotions on the Site. Additional Personal Information may be required in order to participate in such promotions, so that we may, for example, verify entrants’ eligibility and identify and notify winners. Participation in such promotions is completely voluntary. If and when we sponsor such promotions, we will post relevant privacy information in the respective "official rules" and/or registration areas for such promotions. That privacy information, to the extent it conflicts with this Notice, will govern that particular sweepstakes, contest or promotion. Therefore, please remember to read the “official rules” for the sweepstakes, contest, or promotion carefully.

Other companies may offer sweepstakes, contests or similar promotions through our Site, including through the Rebate and Coupon page. We are not responsible for any such promotions offered by third parties. Please read all related terms and conditions carefully, or contact the applicable third party for more information. The collection and use of Personal Information in connection with such third-party promotions is governed by such third party's privacy policy and not by our policies.

**CO-BRANDED SITES: LINKS TO OTHER SITES**  
The Site may also contain links to other websites or affiliated sites (e.g. events, sponsors, or companies offering rebates or other promotions through our Rebates and Coupon Page). We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such websites, including such website's use of any information (such as IP address, browser type or operating system) collected when visitors to the Site click through links to those websites. Even though such information may not identify you personally, we strongly encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of any third party websites.

**ONLINE VS. OFFLINE PRACTICES**  
Please note that this Policy applies solely to our online information-gathering and dissemination practices in connection with the Site and does not apply to any of our practices conducted offline other than as expressly set forth in this Policy.

**CONTACTING TIGERDIRECT BUSINESS**  
Should you have any questions, please email us at [webmaster@tigerdirect.com](mailto:webmaster@tigerdirect.com).
