> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pbb247.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-07-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130719091806id_/http%3A//www.pbb247.com/p/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PBB Teen Edition Season 4 Live Streaming: Privacy Policy | Watch Pinoy TV Channel and Shows Online | Pinoy OFW Tambayan

###  [Privacy Policy](http://www.pbb247.com/p/privacy-policy.html)

PBB247 Visitor Privacy Policy covers the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information that may be collected by PBB247 anytime you interact with PBB247, such as when you visit our website or when you make a comment to a post. Please take a moment to read the following to learn more about our information practices, including what type of information is gathered, how the information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the information, and how we safeguard your personal information. Your privacy is a priority at PBB247 , and we go to great lengths to protect it.

Why we collect personal information

We collect certain information because it helps us deliver a superior level of service to our website visitors. It enables us to give you convenient access to our site and services and focus on categories that are of great interest to you. In addition, These Information helps us keep you posted on the latest product announcements, special offers, and events that might interest you.

We collect information regarding visitor activities on our websites. This helps us determine how best to provide useful information to our visitors and to understand which parts of our websites and services are of most interest to them.

We may use this information to properly serve advertisement that suits visitor’s interest.
