> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the razerzone.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606181358id_/https%3A//www.razerzone.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Razer - Privacy Policy | Razer US Site

Razer Inc. (“ **Razer** ”, “ **our** ”, “ **us** ” or “ **we** ”) provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal and other information that we receive or obtain from visitors to [http://www.razerzone.com](http://www.razerzone.com/) and other website domains that are managed by us or our affiliates (the “ **Site** ”), and from customers and other users of the services and offerings of Razer or its affiliates (the “ **Services** ”).

We update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. Changes take effect immediately upon such posting. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. The date of the last revision appears at the top of the Privacy Policy.

As used in this Privacy Policy, the terms “using” and “processing” information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally.

Our primary goals in collecting information are to administer, monitor, and improve the Site, its features and content, and to provide and improve the Services and verify that users of the Services meet the criteria required to process their requests. We do this so as to improve user experiences for Site visitors, customers, and users of our Services.

We collect information by using “log data” and “cookies,” by obtaining information from your usage of our Services, and by asking for information when visitors buy a product, register for and/or use a Service, or do various other things, as described below.

Log Data. When you visit the Site, whether as a non-registered visitor just browsing or as an individual who has registered via the Site (any of these, a “ **Razer User** ”), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (“ **Log Data** ”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“ **IP** ”) address; browser type; the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site; pages of our Site that you visit; information you search for on our Site; and other statistics.

Cookies. Like many websites, we use “cookies” -- small data files transferred to your computer’s hard disk – to collect information. We use two kinds of cookies. First, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how visitors interact with the Site, to monitor aggregate usage by Razer Users, and to monitor web traffic routing on the Site. Second, we utilize persistent cookies for persons who have registered with Razer to save their login information for future logins to the Site. While session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and then close your browser, persistent cookies remain. You can set your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Services.

We ask for and/or obtain Non-identifying Information. At times, we ask you for non-identifying information (e.g., without limitation, age, gender, product information, zip code (on its own), country (on its own), and individual preferences) (“ **Non-Identifying Information** ”). We ask for such information while collecting other information from you as part of a purchase by you or in connection with your registration for a Service or your request for an offering or for personalization of the Services you use. In addition, we also obtain Non-Identifying Information by collecting and maintaining data on your use of Services, such as information on frequency, time and duration of use, and similar. We may aggregate your Non-Identifying Information with such information collected from other Razer Users and with log data and/or data from cookies to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Site, the Services, and/or our products, and to analyze and understand how our Site and/or Services are used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a product or Service to you according to your preferences or restrictions. Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information (a term defined below) if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified. But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences). We may be able to link Non-identifying Information to your Personal Information.

We ask for and/or Receive Personally Identifiable Information. At times, we ask you for personally identifiable information – information about you that can be used to contact or identify you (“ **Personal Information** ”) – which includes, but is not limited to, your name, photo, phone number, email address, website URL, instant message contact information, and postal address. We ask for Personal Information in a number of situations, including when you register a product, register for a Service, sign up for a Promotion, opt in to receive email notifications or contact us via the Services, or other situations. You do not have to provide your Personal Information, but then certain features, offerings or Services may not be available to you, or you may not be able to complete a transaction. We use your Personal Information mainly to provide the Services, complete your transactions, and verify your identity to administer or respond to your inquiries or prevent fraud, or similar.

Specific examples where we ask for or receive your Personal Information include the following:  


  * Product Purchases. If you choose to make a purchase through the store accessible via the Site, our third party payment processors or service providers may collect Personal Information from you in order to complete your transaction, including credit card information and billing address, and information you provide to them will be governed by that party’s privacy policy. In connection with such a purchase, we receive your Personal Information (excluding payment information) for product registration and/or update purposes and, if you have consented, for solicitation purposes, such as providing information on new product or service offerings.
  * Product or Service Registrations and Updates. To use some of our Services or offerings, you must register to create an account, and during registration we will collect your email address and possibly other Personal Information. For example, Synapse 2.0 is our proprietary cloud based storage application (“ **Synapse 2.0** ”) that allows you to store your custom settings and Razer add-ons online in the Razer cloud. This Privacy Policy will at all times apply to any information collected from you as a result of your use of Synapse 2.0 or other Services or offerings that you sign up for. For more information regarding Synapse 2.0, please visit <http://www.razerzone.com/synapse2>.
  * Promotions. From time to time, Razer provides the opportunity to participate in surveys, contests, sweepstakes or other promotions (collectively, “ **Promotions** ”) through the Site or other formats. We may request certain information (including Personal Information) from you to allow your participation. Participation in Promotions is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose any of such needed Personal Information or other information. This Privacy Policy will at all times apply to any information that we collect from you for use in Promotions.
  * Newsletters and Promotional Materials. Razer offers newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you register to receive any of these, Razer will use your Personal Information to provide such materials in the manner you elected. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or contact us at [privacy@razerzone.com](mailto:privacy@razerzone.com). (See “ **Reviewing, Updating, or Deleting Information** ” below.) 
  * Employment Applications. If you choose to apply for a position with Razer via the “Careers” section of the Site, we will also collect Personal Information (including, but not limited to, your resume, cover letter and any other application-related documents you choose to provide to Razer), which we will use in connection with your application for a position with Razer.
  * Team Sponsorships. Razer provides a variety of sponsorship packages to select gamers, as described on the “Team Razer” portion of the Site. If you choose to apply, we will ask you for Personal Information as well as Non-identifying Information regarding your team portal or website.
  * Contact That You Have Initiated. If you call, email, or otherwise contact us, we may collect Personal Information from you. We may contact you where you have requested information or requested a communication from us.
  * Razer Blog. Razer offers a Blog at <http://cult.razerzone.com/> (the “ **Blog** ”), which is publicly viewable and accessible. You may, at your option, access enhanced features of the Blog by logging into certain third party social networking sites (“ **SNS** ”) (including, but not limited to, Facebook and Twitter). If you decide to access these enhanced features by logging into an SNS, we will obtain the Personal Information you have provided to the SNS (such as your “real” name, profile picture, email address and other information you make publicly available via the applicable SNS) from the account you have with such SNS and use that information to facilitate your use of the Blog. The information we obtain may depend on the privacy settings you have with the SNS. Please note that any information you provide on the Blog, including, but not limited to, comments, may be read, collected and used by others who access the Blog. Also, if you choose to comment on any Blog post, the content of such comment, along with your username, photo, and a description of your previous activity on the Blog, if applicable, will be publicly viewable via the Blog. If you have placed your Personal Information on the Blog and want it removed, contact us at [privacy@razerzone.com](mailto:privacy@razerzone.com).
  * Social Networking Sites (SNS). As a community-driven company, we keep presences on prominent SNSs including, but not limited, to Facebook and Twitter. It is completely optional for you to be involved with our SNS activities. However, if you do choose to participate (for example, by “liking” our profile, posting a message, or answering a poll), we will have access to the information you divulge, which may include Personal Information, depending on your SNS privacy settings. 



**Personal Information:** Except as set forth below in this Privacy Policy, we do not share your Personal Information with third parties. If you have any questions about our information sharing practices, please contact us at [privacy@razerzone.com](mailto:privacy@razerzone.com).  


  * If You Have Given Your Consent. Your Personal Information is shared or published where you have given consent, such as in connection with a Promotion where you have been awarded a prize, or where you have provided your Personal Information for posting on the Razer Blog, for Team Razer sponsorship, or other similar situations.
  * Service Providers. We may use third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Services, to provide the Services on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, payment processing and improvement of the Services’ features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. However, for purchases through the store accessible via the Site, information you provide to that store will be subject to the store’s privacy policy.
  * Google Analytics. We use the Analytics Advertising Features provided by Google Analytics. Google Analytics will collect non-personally identifiable information from you via cookies and such information will be used by us to analyze your activities in order to improve the Site, to remember your preferences when using the Site, and to display to you marketing material that you may be interested in. You can find out more about the Analytics Advertising Features provided by Google Analytics here <https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/3450482?hl=en>. If you do not wish to have such information collected by Google Analytics, you may do so by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on, which is available here <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>. Opting out will not affect your ability to use the Site.
  * Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement. Razer cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Razer or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.
  * Business Transfer Event. If a third party acquires Razer’s business or specific assets (including your Personal Information) as the result, for example, of a sale, merger, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation or other change of control, we would strive to keep your Personal Information subject to this Privacy Policy or, if that is not possible, provide notice (by posting on the Site) before Personal Information becomes subject to a substantively different privacy policy. 



**Aggregate Information and Non-identifying Information:** We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data (which also do not include Personal Information) with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any such information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information. If aggregated or Non-Identifying Information is tied to your Personal Information, it will not be disclosed except as set forth in this Privacy Policy.

**Advertising Networks and SNSs:** We work with third party advertising networks which may collect information about your online activities through cookies and other technologies when you use the Site. The information gathered by these advertising networks is used to make predictions about you, your interests or preferences and to display advertisements across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests. We do not permit these ad networks to collect Personal Information about you on the Site. Please note that we do not have access to or control over cookies and other technologies these ad networks may use to collect information about your interests, and the information practices of these ad networks are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Some of these ad networks are members of the Network Advertising Initiative or the Digital Advertising Alliance, through which you may opt out of ad targeting from their member companies. To learn more, please visit [Network Advertising Initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/) or the [Digital Advertising Alliance](http://www.aboutads.info/).

We may also provide SNSs with your e-mail address so that they can better customize the advertisements that are displayed to you when you use those SNSs. Please note that we do not have direct control over these SNSs and their activities are not covered by this Privacy Policy. However, if we provide your e-mail address to SNSs for this purpose, we shall have a reasonable basis to believe that the SNS shall (a) protect the security and integrity of the data while it is within the SNS’s systems; (b) guard against the accidental or unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure of the data within the SNS’s systems; and (c) shall not use the data if you are not a member of the SNS.

Each user may review, update, correct or have us delete the Personal Information he or she provided for or during use of the Services by contacting us at [privacy@razerzone.com](mailto:privacy@razerzone.com). If you have us completely delete all such information, then your account for your use of the Services may become deactivated, as applicable, and you may no longer be able to use or access the Service. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your Personal Information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.

The Services are not directed to persons under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you as a parent or guardian become aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, contact us at [privacy@razerzone.com](mailto:privacy@razerzone.com). If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information without the consent of a parent or guardian, we will delete such information from our files, but may retain an archived copy as required or permitted by law for recordkeeping purposes.

Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to Razer. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, ask for your credit card information, login information, or national identification numbers through use of a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or through a telephone communication that we initiate without either a prior inquiry from you or a prior arrangement with you. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website, accessible at [www.ftc.gov](http://www.ftc.gov/).

Razer is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ reasonable physical, technological, and administrative security measures. It is important to understand, however, that no website, server, Internet transmission, or method of electronic or other storage is 100% secure or “hacker proof.” Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your electronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on the Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. Razer maintains, processes and uses Personal Information and Non-identifying Information in the United States and/or Singapore. If you submit or choose to provide information to us, you consent to such transfer, maintenance, processing and use.

Our Site contains links to other websites. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other websites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [privacy@razerzone.com](mailto:privacy@razerzone.com).
