> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clickrocket.net privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140625131716id_/http%3A//www.clickrocket.net/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

**ClickRocket** is committed to earning your trust and confidence. This notice explains our online technology and information collection practices in order to better protect your privacy.

Safeguarding your personal information is very important to us. ClickRocket’s security measures are designed to protect the personal information under our control from loss, misuse, or alteration. We keep the servers that store personally identifiable information in a secure physical environment. The personal information that is collected on the **ClickRocket** website is only used to contact you about your inquires. We do not store or distribute personal information in any other manner. If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will first notify you via email; you can decide whether or not we use your information in this different manner. 

 **ClickRocket** may use "cookies" to help customize your access to the website. Cookies are pieces of data stored on your hard drive that contain information about you. They have many benefits that can enhance your experience on our website, for example by saving your log-in password for quick access in the future. While users who do not allow cookies may still use our website, this will limit their access to some areas of our website. We occasionally use cookies to anonymously track and target our users’ interests to further enhance their experience on our website or for advertising tracking purposes. 

Advertisements delivered by **ClickRocket** may give you access to other sites. The entities that advertise and/or place banner ads on the **ClickRocket** website properties are independent third parties and are not affiliated with **ClickRocket**. The linked sites are not under the control of **ClickRocket** , and **ClickRocket** does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services, or content of linked sites. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. **ClickRocket** does not endorse, nor is it responsible for the accuracy of, the privacy policies and/or terms and conditions of advertisers and/or third parties accessible through the **ClickRocket** website. 

Advertisers using the **ClickRocket** Network may collect personally identifiable information that is voluntarily provided by consumers for purposes including the purchase of goods and services, order shipment, and sweepstakes entry. This information is subject to the privacy policies of the individual advertisers and is processed by them.

 **ClickRocket** reserves the right to release current or past publisher information in the event that **ClickRocket** believes that a user is using, or has used, ClickRocket’s services in violation of the terms and conditions and/or acceptance use policy, to commit unlawful acts, if the information is subpoenaed, if **ClickRocket** is sold or acquired, or when it is required by current legislation. 

Please be advised that, although we take reasonable technological precautions to protect your data, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, **ClickRocket** cannot guarantee that your information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data at (or through) our websites is at your own risk. However, access to your information is strictly limited, and is not accessible to the public. Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all **ClickRocket** user information. Users must be at least 18 years old to participate in **ClickRocket** promotions.

By using this site, including signing up for offers and/or continuing to receive information from **ClickRocket** , you agree to the **ClickRocket** Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change, modify, add, and/or remove portions of this privacy policy at any time at our discretion. All privacy policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the **ClickRocket** website. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of the **ClickRocket** website, or your acceptance of our emails following the posting of changes to these terms, will mean that you accept these changes and agree to continue receiving emails from us. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us.
