> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clickcompare.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2012-04-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120418182855id_/http%3A//www.clickcompare.co.uk/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Click Compare - The UK's largest brokerage

The Data Protection Act requires us to tell you how we collect and use data about you. You have the right to see the personal data we hold about you and change any incorrect information. We only collect personal information about you from the details you provide through this website and over the telephone. Our telephone calls may be monitored and/or recorded and when dealing with your request we may contact you by post, telephone, email and SMS text. The information we collect will be needed to provide you with the service you have requested and in some instances in order to process the product you require, we may need to disclose your information to our associated companies, other brokers, insurance companies and lenders. We may also provide your personal details to regulatory bodies if legally required to do so. Unless you ask otherwise, we will retain your details and may also send you SMS and emails about products and services that we can offer. We will always give you the choice of whether to opt out of these communications. From time to time, we may release your marketing details to third parties but only for the marketing of products or services that we believe you may be interested in. We will always act to ensure that if you do not wish to receive third party information your details are removed from our database. If you would prefer not to be contacted by third parties please email us at remove@calmmoney.com 

Cookies are data files that a Web site sends to your computer while you are viewing the site. These data files include information that allows this site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more efficient and useful to you. We only use cookie technology and IP addresses to obtain non-personal information from on-line visitors, and also to provide registered visitors with the best possible personalized on-line experience.

Visitors to our sites use different web browsers and different computers. To make your visits as easy as possible with the technology you use, we automatically keep track of the type of browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Netscape, FireFox, Safari and Opera) and operating system (e.g., Windows, Macintosh) used by you and the domain name of the your Internet service provider. We also track the total number of visitors to our site in an aggregate form to allow us to update and improve this site; personally identifiable information is not extracted in this process. This data tells us if more visitors prefer certain features or areas to others, which helps us keep this site fresh and interesting to the majority of visitors.

Cookie technology helps us deliver content tailored to your interests, and allows us to make buying our products at this site easier for you. Sites that offer online shopping use cookies to remember and process the items in your shopping cart. Where permitted, we may associate personal information with a cookie file in such instances.

If you don't want cookies, you can set your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or turn off all cookies through your browser (e.g., Internet Explorer, Netscape, FireFox, Safari or Opera). (Check your browser HELP menu to learn the correct way to change or update your cookies.) If you disable cookies, you may be unable to access some of the features noted above.

Some of our Web pages and e-mail updates may contain electronic images called Web beacons, sometimes known as one pixel GIFs, clear GIFs or pixel tags. On Web sites, these allow us to count visitors who have viewed web pages. In promotional e-mail messages/newsletters they allow us to count how many subscribers have read them. Web beacons allow us to develop statistical information about the activities and features that most interest consumers for the purpose of providing more personalized content. They are not used to access personally identifiable information without your consent

If you need to know more about the Data Protection Act and your rights please visit the website of the Data Protection Commissioner at [http://www.ico.gov.uk](http://www.ico.gov.uk/for_organisations/data_protection.aspx).
