> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clickable.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091217083859id_/http%3A//www.clickable.com/Corp/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Clickable.com

If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact Clickable's privacy administrator by sending email to privacy@Clickable.com. Please allow three business days for a reply. Capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in Clickable's Master Services Agreement (the "Services Agreement"). 

####  Clickable Privacy Statement:

Clickable recognizes that privacy is important. Clickable provides this privacy statement ("Statement") to inform users of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information received from users of Clickable owned or operated websites (the "Site") and the Clickable Service (as defined in the Service Agreement). Because we gather important information from our visitors and Customers, we have established this Statement as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices. By using the Site, you are consenting to our use and processing of your information as set forth in this Statement. We reserve the right to change this Statement and will provide notification of a change at least thirty (30) business days prior to the change taking effect. This Statement does not apply to the practices of companies that Clickable does not own or control or to people it does not employ or manage. Customers who wish to use Clickable's Service will be prompted to create User Accounts as defined in the Services Agreement. The collection and use of information under the Services Agreement may be different than on the Site. The Services Agreement shall take precedence over the terms of this Statement to the extent of any differences, and Customers are advised to read the Services Agreement carefully as it may affect your privacy expectations. 

####  Information We Collect: 

Clickable's main goal in collecting personally identifiable information is to provide our Site and Service to our Customers, to communicate with our Customers, and to allow Customers to manage their participation in such offerings. When accessing certain restricted sections of our Site or responding to our promotions, we require Customers to register to use the services offered on our Site (collectively, the "Service(s)"). Registration is required when visitors to the Site apply to use the Service as Customers during a trial Evaluation Period, and further information may be required to continue paid use of the Service after the Evaluation Period. During registration Customers will be asked to give us certain personally identifiable information, such as their user name, password, name, company name, address, phone number, and e-mail address, and financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number, and the number of users within the organization that will be using the Service ("Registration Data"). To use the Service you will be asked to provide certain Advertising Account information. Clickable will share such Advertising Account information with third party advertising providers as necessary to implement your advertising campaign management decisions. We may also request additional information when you express interest in attaining additional information on our Service, such additional personal information may include, but is not limited to, title, department name, fax number, or additional company information, such as annual revenues, number of employees, or industry. During Customer use of the Site or Service after registration, we may collect additional profiling information to customize the Service to your needs. If you contact us via e-mail through the Site, we may retain a record of your contact information and any information you provide us in your message to respond to you. In addition, we may use your contact information to market to you and provide you with information about our Service and those of our partners. Any additional personally identifiable information you provide will be added to your Registration Data. Customers can opt out of providing this additional information by not entering it when asked. In certain cases, your choice not to provide the requested information may mean that the Service or certain features are not available to you or work in a reduced fashion. Customers can update or remove some of their personally identifiable registration data at any time by logging into the Site and editing their User Account. Customers who remove or edit required Customer data, may not be able to receive the Services. Customers can view their updated User Account to confirm their edits have been made unless such edits have caused a removal or discontinuation of the User Account entirely. Clickable reserves the right to withhold or deny the Service to you or any person or entity, or to condition access to all or certain portions of the Site for any reason, including but not limited to your refusal to provide or removal of information Clickable deems necessary to provide the Service or Site access in question. If a User Account has been created on your behalf without your consent, your sole remedy is to contact Clickable at security@Clickable.com and ask that your User Account be disabled and your personally identifiable information and Registration Data be deleted from Clickable's data repository. 

####  How We Use Information: 

Clickable uses the information that we collect to set up the Service for individuals and their organizations, and to transmit certain data and instructions to third party advertising providers upon your request. We may also use the information we collect to contact Customers about the details of Customer's interest in our company, our Service, including promotions and events, and to send information regarding our company or partners. Customers are invited to receive an email newsletter by providing an email address. Customer email addresses and any personal Customer information will not be distributed or shared with third parties except employees, directors, representatives, consultants or agents of Clickable acting on our behalf after agreeing to our privacy policies and procedures. At certain locations on the Site Customers may receive solicitations to participate in third party services. Upon clicking on such third party links, Customers may be redirected to a third party site. When this occurs, your browser will indicate that you have left the Site by displaying the third party site name in your address bar. In such cases, the third party privacy policy will govern any information you provide. Customers may opt out of being contacted by us, or receiving such information from us, at any time by sending an email to support@Clickable.com or where possible by deactivating promotional material at an opt out field in your User Account. We may also email information regarding updates to the Service or about the company or its partners. Clickable at all times reserves the right to use your e-mail address for administrative purposes such as notifying you about Clickable updates, security notices, changes in policy or procedure and general notices regarding the Service ("administrative notices"). You may not opt out of these administrative notices, but do have the option of having your account disabled. 

Except as we explicitly state at the time we request information, or as provided for in the Services Agreement, we do not disclose to third parties the information provided. All financial and billing information that we collect through the Site is used solely to check the qualifications of prospective customers and to bill for the Service. It may be necessary for Clickable to transmit this information to independent contractors who we have a relationship with, and who are bound to us by written confidentiality agreements. This billing information is not used by Clickable for marketing or promotional purposes. Clickable uses a third-party intermediary to manage credit card processing. This intermediary is solely a link in the distribution chain, and is not permitted to store, retain, or use the information provided, except for the sole purpose of credit card processing. Other third parties, such as content providers, may provide content on the Site. If Clickable refers you to such third party sites, you will have the option to choose whether or not to provide such third party with any personally identifiable information, in which case you will agree to be bound by their privacy policy. You hereby agree that Clickable shall be entitled to receive back from such third party a record of any purchase or transactions you have entered into with them. 

Customers of the Service will use the Site to host data and information ("Data"). Clickable will not, share, distribute, or reference any Data except as provided in the Services Agreement, or as may be required by law. Customers of the Service may also engage in transactions in which instructions including Data, personally identifiable information, and/or financial information, are transmitted by their request to third parties who execute such transactions on Customer's behalf ("Customer Orders"). All such Customer Orders are governed by the Services Agreement. Data submitted to the subject advertisers will also be held by them pursuant to their privacy policies and other agreements you may have with them. Individual User Accounts may at times be viewed or accessed only for the purpose of providing the Service, resolving a problem, support issue, or suspected violation of the Services Agreement, or as may be required by law. Compilations, aggregations, derivations and normalized records of Customers are the exclusive property of Clickable and may be referenced by Clickable or its agents for any purpose, including but not limited to developing and refining algorithms used in the provision of the Service to Customers. Customers are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of their username and password. 

Clickable may also collect certain information from visitors to and Customers of the Site, such as Internet addresses. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems, and to administer our Site in order to constantly improve the quality of the Service. We may also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and Customers and provide such information to third parties. 

If a user elects to use our referral service to inform a friend about our site, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. Clickable will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. 

As Clickable's business develops, Clickable may seek additional financing or sell certain of its assets. In such transactions, Customer information and Data will likely be among the assets valued or transferred. In the event Clickable requires financing or substantially all of its assets are acquired through merger or otherwise, our Customer information and Data may be reviewed and transferred. Clickable reserves the right to permit third party review of such information so long as the third party has entered into a binding confidentiality agreement with Clickable covering this Customer information and Data. 

####  Cookies: 

Clickable improves your experience when accessing our Site or Services by using small pieces of data sent to your computer by our Web server to collect information about online behavior ("Cookie(s)"). Cookies tell us whether you have visited the Site or used the Service before. Clickable may also use Cookies to identify which sites our Customers are coming from. 

Unless you choose to identify yourself to Clickable, Cookies will only identify your browser and not directly identify you. You may choose to disable Cookies in your browser but the result will be that some of the usability features such as user preferences may not work at all or as well. Clickable may use two types of Cookies: session and persistent-based. Session Cookies disappear at the end of each online session. They are removed from your computer when you exit your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent Cookies remain on your computer after you've exited your browser and turned off your computer and require certain steps to remove them. Persistent Cookies are used to store information like user unique identifiers for your browser. 

Clickable uses session Cookies to allow the system to uniquely identify you while you are logged in. This information allows Clickable to process your online transactions and requests. Session Cookies allow Clickable to make sure you are who you say you are after you've logged in and are required in order to use the Clickable Services. Clickable uses persistent Cookies, that only Clickable can read and use, to identify the fact that you are a Clickable customer or prior Clickable Site visitor. We are especially careful about the security and confidentiality of the information stored in persistent Cookies. For example, we do not store account numbers or passwords in persistent Cookies. Users who disable their Web browsers' ability to accept Cookies will be able to browse our Website but will not be able to successfully use our Service. 

Clickable may from time to time engage third parties to measure statistical information about visitors to our Site and their usage of the Site and Service. Such third parties may use Cookies to assist in tracking visitor behavior. Such Cookies will not be used to associate any visitor with their personally identifiable information and is not shared with any other parties. 

####  Client Sites: 

Clickable acts as a service provider for Customers who enter into a Services Agreement. Customers engage Clickable to assist in maximizing their advertising campaigns. Customers specify what type of Data they would like Clickable to collect on their behalf. That Data may include all information related to advertising purchase behavior. 

Clickable may track various actions on Customers' web sites including visitor behavior, page views, length of visit, click stream data, and visitor actions taken. With respect to visitors to such Customer sites, as a result of clicking on a Customer ad on a search engine, our server may place a tracking Cookie on such visitor's computer and will use non personally identifiable information including information about the browser and IP address to track whether the referral results in a transaction as defined by our Customer. 

####  Third Party Sites: 

The Clickable Site and Service may contain links to other web sites. Clickable is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of these other web sites. Customers must review the privacy statements of these other web sites to understand how they may collect, use or disclose Customer's personally identifiable information. It is the responsibility of the Customer to keep such information private and confidential. Clickable may share information about usage of the Service with third parties, but only in aggregated anonymous form, including to report the results of search engine optimization to you. Such third parties may use Cookies to help track visitor behavior. Clickable may partner with third party contractors to help process orders and provide other services. 

####  Our Policy Towards Children: 

This Site is not directed to persons under age 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy@Clickable.com. If we become aware that a child under age 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will remove such information from our files. 

####  Legal Disclaimer: 

We reserve the right to disclose personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process. 

####  Security: 

Clickable has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of User Account Data. Clickable may, but does not necessarily, enable the protective features of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology even when accessed by a browser that supports it. Clickable hosts the Service and Site in a secure server environment that uses a firewall and other commercially available technology to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. Finally, Customers must enter their unique user names and passwords each time they log on. These safeguards help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of Data. While Clickable uses commercially reasonable means to secure your Data, we do not guarantee that your Data will not be improperly accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical or managerial safeguards. 

####  Correcting & Updating Your Information: 

If Customers need to update or change personally identifiable information they may do so by editing their User Account. To update a User Account, log on to www.Clickable.com and select "Account Preferences" to add or update information. To discontinue the Service and to have non-aggregated Data removed, email support@Clickable.com. Clickable reserves the right to maintain copies of Customers User Account Data to comply with its internal records maintenance policies. Clickable will respond to your correction or update request within at most 30 days from the date of your request. 

####  Enhancement of Marketing Information: 

On occasion, Clickable may acquire certain data from third parties, including but not limited to, search engines and other pay per click marketing sites. We may add this information to our own marketing databases, to either help Customers improve their pay per click marketing performance, or better target our advertising and provide pertinent offers in which we think our Customers would be interested in. We may tie this information to other personally identifiable information we receive from our Customers to enhance their profiles. 

####  International Customers: 

For Customers outside the United States, please note that any Data or personally identifiable information you enter into the Clickable Service or Site will be transferred out of your country and into the United States. You consent to such transfer through your use of the Clickable Service and Site. You also warrant that you have the right to transfer such information outside your country and into the United States. 

####  Additional Information: 

Questions regarding this Statement, the practices of this Site, or the Service should be directed to Clickable's Security Administrator by e-mailing such questions to support@Clickable.com or by regular mail addressed to Clickable, Inc., Attn: Security Administrator, 7th West 22nd Street, Suite 3 New York, New York 10010.

  

