> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clipconverter.cc privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191231183601id_/https%3A//www.clipconverter.cc/terms/%23privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Terms of Use - ClipConverter.cc

## Terms of Use

This ClipConverter Service Agreement describes the terms and conditions on which www.clipconverter.cc ("ClipConverter") offer services to you. ClipConverter is operated by Lunaweb GmbH, Gruenwald / Germany. By using ClipConverter services, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions: 

  1. The use of ClipConverter is governed by German law with the following modifications and explanations to be considered. 
  2. You are the only responsible for the data (e.g. URLs) which it sends to the ClipConverter service. One is reminded that the illicit exchanges of recordings and protected works as well as the hacking harm artistic creation. One is reminded that also non the respect of the laws in force, in particular those concerning the respect of the intellectual and artistic property, can give place to continuations and judgments. 
  3. ClipConverter is meant for creating a recording / copy of downloadable online videos for the personal use ("fair use"). Any further use of the content downloaded / recorded by ClipConverter, particularly but not exclusively making the content publicly accessible or using it commercially, must be agreed upon with the holder of the rights of the respective downloaded content. The user bears full responsibility for all actions related to the data transmitted by ClipConverter. ClipConverter does not grant any rights to the contents, as it only acts as a technical service provider. 
  4. The user carries the responsibility for checking the legitimacy of his use of ClipConverter. The legitimacy of using this service may differ in the users country through local laws. ClipConverter only provides the technical platform. Hence, ClipConverter does not take liability towards the user or any third party for the permissibility of downloading content through ClipConverter. 
  5. ClipConverter is a free service, which does not offer any guarantee of any kind as for its use. 
  6. ClipConverter reserves the right to change or discontinue any of the Services at any time. 
  7. The legal venue shall, if admissible, be Munich, Germany. 

  


## Privacy

As a rule, it is possible to use our web site without entering your personal data. In so far as personal data (e.g. name, address or e-mail addresses) are collected on our pages, then this is always done as far as possible on a voluntary basis. Should you provide such data, it will not be passed on to third parties without your explicit agreement. We draw your attention to the fact that the transmission of data on the internet (e.g. in the course of communication per e-mail) can be subject to security vulnerabilities. Absolute protection of data from access by third parties is not possible. The use of contact data published within the framework of our obligations as a corporation by third parties for the sending of promotional and information material that has not been explicitly requested is herewith explicitly forbidden. The operators of this web site explicitly retain the right to take legal steps in the case of unsolicited promotional material being sent without having been requested, e.g. in the form of spam mails. 

**Storing personal data**

We store all data that you transmit to us during an registering/ordering/purchasing process (even when the transaction is canceled) and also when you subscribe to our services and/or wish to use our services. If you register to use our services online, purchase and/or use our services, make use of our customer service or technical support then you may need to fill out a form requiring you to disclose your name and e-mail address. This information will be stored in our databases. This allows you to manage your user accounts and subscriptions in our online shop and make future purchases without having to re-enter your personal details each time. 

**Use of Facebook social plugins**

Our web site uses social plugins (“plugins”) provided by the social networking site, facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). The plugins are identified by a Facebook logo or the phrase “Facebook social plugin”. If you call up a page containing a plugin of this nature from our website, a direct link is established between your browser and Facebook's servers. The content of the plugins is transmitted directly to your browser by Facebook and included by it in the web page. When you access the plugins, Facebook is notified of the fact that you have called up the corresponding page on our website. If you are logged in to Facebook, your visit can be connected to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking “Like”, or entering a comment, the correspondinginformation is transmitted from your browser directly to Facebook and stored by it. The reason for and scope of the data acquisition and information about the way in which the data is processed and used by Facebook, as well as your rights in this respect and settings options for protecting your privacy can be found in Facebook's privacy policy. If you do not wish to have data collected about you by Facebook via our website, you need to log out of Facebook before visiting the site. 

**Privacy statement concerning Google +1 button**

The collection and dissemination of data: The Google +1 button is a way for you to share information publicly with the world. The Google +1 button helps you and others receive personalized content from Google and our partners. The fact that you +1'd something will be recorded by Google, along with information about the page you were viewing when you clicked on the +1 button. Your +1's may appear to others as an annotation with your profile name and photo in Google services (such as in search results or on your Google Profile) or elsewhere on websites and ads on the Internet. Google is recording information about your +1 activity in order to provide you and other users with a better experience on Google services. In order to use the Google +1 button, you need to have a public Google Profile visible to the world, which at a minimum includes the name you chose for the profile. That name will be used across Google services and in some cases it may replace another name you have used when sharing content under your Google Account. Google may display your Google Profile identity to people who have your email address or other identifying information. 

**Data policy for the use of Google Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics, an online analytic service of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies" – text-files stored on your computer which make an analysis of your use of our website possible. The information about your use of our website (including your IP-address) generated by the cookie will be transmitted to and stored on a Google-server in the USA. Google will use this information in order to evaluate your use of the website, to create reports about website-activity for the website-operator, and to provide additional services related to the use of the website and of the internet. Google will also possibly pass on the information to third parties, insofar as this is required by law or insofar as third parties process the data on the order of Google. Google will not connect your IP-address with other Google-data. You can prevent the installation of cookies by the respective settings in your browser-software. However, we have to point out that you might then not be able to use all functions of our website to their full ability. By using this website, you agree to the data collected about you being processed by Google in the way and for the purposes described above. 

**Cookies & 3rd Party Advertisements**

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>.
