> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clipix.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190306172133id_/https%3A//www.clipix.com/PrivacyStatement.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Clipix | Privacy Statement

This Privacy Statement sets forth the information gathering, use, and dissemination practices of Clipix in connection with the World Wide Web site located at www.clipix.com (the “Site”). This Privacy Statement addresses Clipix’s practices regarding information collected only directly through or from the Site - it does not address or govern any information gathering, use, or dissemination practices related to information collected other than directly through or from the Site, including, without limitation, from or via telephone, facsimile, postal mail, personal delivery, or other offline means or media. Clipix can be contacted by mail at 2050 Center Ave, Suite 100, Fort Lee, NJ 07024, or by e-mail at info@clipix.com. INFORMATION COLLECTION; CLIPBOARD PRIVACY SETTINGS Clipix collects and may track (1) the e-mail addresses of member visitors that communicate with Clipix via e-mail, (2) information knowingly provided by the visitor in online forms, registration forms, order forms, surveys, e-mail, the “Contact Us” section of the Site, other inquiries visitors may make through the Site, and other online avenues (including, but not limited to, information such as demographic, business profile, and personal profile data), (3) the home server domain names, e-mail addresses, type of client computer, files downloaded, search engine used, operating system, and type of Web browser of member visitors to the Site, and (4) aggregate and user-specific information regarding which pages Site member visitors access. Clipix web servers may seek to place a “cookie” (a small data file) on your computer's hard drive which allows the server to identify the computer when it visits Clipix again, in order to track statistical information about navigation to, and throughout, certain areas of our Site, and navigation to Clipix promotions on third party Web sites. This cookie is not used to obtain your name or any personal data, and the information that is tracked is used only for internal purposes. However, if you prefer not to accept cookies, you can set your browser to reject them or to alert you before one is placed. When a member visitor performs a search within the Site, Clipix may record information identifying the member visitor or linking the member visitor to the search performed. Clipix may also record limited information for every member visit and search request, for example, in the form of a Web or Site log, and use that information to provide member visitors with a better experience while visiting our Site, to solve technical problems with the services available directly or indirectly in connection with the Site, and to calculate overall usage statistics. Most importantly, you control the privacy settings on your own clipboards. Your user experience is critical to the success of Clipix, and Clipix is proud to offer full privacy as the default setting for all clipboards, giving you the option to share User Materials as you see fit. Click on the padlock image on your clipboards to customize your privacy settings to your liking. USE OF PERSONAL DATA COLLECTED Personal data collected by Clipix may be used by Clipix for many reasons, for example, for editorial and feedback purposes; to improve your user experience; to communicate with you about products, promotions, services, and contests; to maintain your account; for administration and review of the Site content; for product development; for content improvement; for fulfillment of a requested transaction or record keeping; for marketing and promotional purposes; for a statistical analysis of users’ behavior; or to customize the content and layout of the Site. Aggregate data regarding member visitors’ home servers may be used for internal purposes, and individually identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses, phone numbers, and other personal information which visitors voluntarily provide to Clipix may be added to Clipix’s databases and used for future calls and mailings regarding Site updates, new products and services, and upcoming events. Clipix also may use member visitor data to contact the member visitors regarding account status and changes to the Web Site Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement, and any other policies or agreements relevant to member visitors. Additionally, Clipix may send members electronic mail regarding billing, administrative, or legal matters relating to the Site or services available or provided via the Site or notifying you of special offers or promotions. DISCLOSURE OF DATA TO THIRD PARTIES Clipix.com will never sell, rent or share your personal information with any third parties, except when necessary to complete a transaction that you requested, for example, product fulfillment companies, credit card processing companies and banks for marketing and promotional purposes, or as described herein. We may disclose personal information when legally required, or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to comply with the law or legal process. Identifiable and non-identifiable user information and data may be disclosed or distributed to another party with which Clipix enters or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction, such as, for example, a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or asset purchase, or if determined by Clipix in its sole judgment that such disclosure or distribution is appropriate to protect the life, health, or property of Clipix or any other person or entity. Personal information will never be shared for profit. Clipix also may disclose information about member visitors’ Site usage and demographics to third parties on an aggregate basis. Aggregate data regarding member visitors’ home servers and individually identifying information, such as names, postal and e-mail addresses, and phone numbers, may be disclosed or distributed: to another party with which Clipix enters or reasonably may enter into a corporate transaction, such as, for example, a merger, consolidation, acquisition, or asset purchase; or to a third party pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process; in response to a request by or on behalf of any local, state, federal, or other government agency, department, or body, whether or not pursuant to a subpoena, court order, or other form of legal process; or if determined by Clipix in its sole judgment that such disclosure or distribution is appropriate to protect the life, health, or property of Clipix or any other person or entity. Clipix is not responsible for, and will not be liable for, the conduct, actions, omissions, or information handling or dissemination practices of any third party. This Site may contain links to other World Wide Web sites or advertisements for or placed by third parties. Clipix has no control over Web sites that we provide links to, and is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites, advertisers, or third parties, or for the content of such sites or advertisements. It is possible that these links or advertisements, themselves, may be used by third parties or others to collect personal or other information about Site visitors. It is solely the visitors’ obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other Web sites and of these advertisers and third parties. SECURITY MEASURES Clipix has implemented security features that are designed to prevent the unauthorized release of or access to personal information. For example, all information personally identifying to our visitors is stored on a highly secure server, and all credit card information is stored in a clear format. Once we receive personally-identifiable information, we take steps to protect its security on our systems. In the event we request or transmit sensitive information, such as credit card information, we use industry standard, secure socket layer (“SSL”) encryption. LINKS TO OTHER SITES AND FINANCIAL INFORMATION The Site may also contain links to other sites or advertisements for or placed by third parties, including sites that enable you to purchase products and services, such as those of Clipix’s partners. If you access a third party site from a link on this Site, any information you disclose on that site is not subject to this Privacy Statement. It is possible that these links may be used by third parties to collect personal or other information about you. Clipix is not responsible for the privacy practices of such Web sites, advertisers, or third parties or the content of such sites and it is your sole obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other web sites. Clipix does not control these third parties’ use of cookies, collection of information, or how they manage such information. It is solely your obligation to review and understand the privacy practices and policies of these other Web sites, advertisers and any third parties. USE OF CONTENT FROM THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES While we can ensure GDPR compliance on our own website, we cannot guarantee that this is the case for other third-party websites from which you clip content. We strongly encourage all users of third-party websites to read the privacy policies and terms of conditions of those sites to gather sufficient information on their compliance status. EXPECTATIONS OF THIRD-PARTY PARTNERS Clipix.com expects all partners and any third parties we conduct any type of business with to comply with relevant data protection and privacy laws at all times. We take every commercially reasonable step to ensure consistent compliance on our end. Transparency is becoming more of a focus for lawmakers when drafting new data privacy laws, so we have made it a priority to ensure all users of our site have the ability to find out how their data is being used, for what purpose, and for how long. We expect the same from all of our partners and any third parties, and will do our best to ensure that we do not conduct business with any individual person or entity that is not compliant with all relevant laws. If any user wishes to receive information pertaining to the use or collection of their personal data at any time, we expect all of our partners to be able to provide that information as necessary. If there is a breach of contract due to the failure of a third party to produce information, an injunction may be sought against that third party to suspend their business operations until they become compliant, and monetary damages may be sought for the actual breach. PRIVACY OF CHILDREN The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. It does not knowingly collect personal information online from users in this age group. All users must be at least 13 years of age in order to use the Site and to provide information to the Site. OPT-OUT RIGHT Except as necessary for Clipix to provide the services, information, or products requested by a visitor, the visitor may opt out of having his or her personally identifiable information, which has been voluntarily provided to Clipix through an account registration or other account activity, prospectively retained by Clipix, prospectively used by Clipix for secondary purposes, or prospectively disclosed by Clipix to third parties by contacting Clipix via postal mail or e-mail at the addresses set out above. (This does not apply to collection of the type of Web browser of the visitor to the Site or to information provided or collected that does not meet the description in this Section.) ACCESS TO AND ABILITY TO CORRECT PERSONAL DATA Upon a visitor’s request via the Site, postal mail or e-mail, Clipix will provide to the visitor a summary of any personally identifiable information retained by Clipix regarding the visitor, which information has been voluntarily provided by a visitor to Clipix through an account registration, customer order, or electronic news or information subscription. A visitor may modify, correct, change or update their personally identifiable information by contacting Clipix via the Site, postal mail or e-mail at the addresses or numbers above. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY We may revise this online privacy policy at any time. Notice of any new or revised Privacy Statement, as well as the location of the new or revised statement, will be posted on the Site for at least 20 days after the change. It is the obligation of users returning to the Site to learn of changes to the Privacy Statement since their last visit. Any change to this Privacy Statement shall be effective as to any visitor who has visited the Site before the change was made. YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 provides you with the right to request certain information regarding disclosure of your personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes, including a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. In order to obtain such information, please email your request to info@Clipix.com or write us at the address above. YOUR EUROPEAN UNION PRIVACY RIGHTS For those within the European Economic Area (EEA), the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) that went into effect on May 25, 2018 has afforded you certain rights to your personal data. These rights are as follows: (a) the right to access any personal information being held about you, (b) the right to have any personal information being held about you permanently deleted (provided that the information is not required to comply with a legal obligation or to exercise a legal claim), (c) the right to rectify any inaccurate personal information without undue delay, (d) the right to restrict processing of your personal information (provided that processing is not required to comply with a legal obligation or exercise a legal claim), (e) the right to request transfer of your personal information directly to a third party if technically feasible, and (f) the right to object to processing of any personal data at any time. RIGHT TO OBJECT TO DIRECT MARKETING All users can object to the processing of personal information for the purposes of direct marketing at any time, free of charge. If you feel that we are not adhering to the GDPR or our Privacy Policy at any time, you have the right to file a complaint with an EU Data Protection Authority. USE OF COLLECTED INFORMATION Clipix.com will only use the information collected from and about you on the following lawful grounds: (a) Use is necessary to perform a contract we have entered into or are about to enter into with you; (b) Use is necessary for our legitimate business interests; (c) Compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation is required; or (d) Where consent has been provided (which can be withdrawn at any time) If none of these conditions will be satisfied by the use of your personal information, then such information will be permanently deleted from our system accordingly. In addition to the personal information you provide to us, we may also use publicly available information as well as information gathered from you by third parties to improve your shopping experience, inform you about new products or promotions, or for any other legitimate business purpose. RIGHT TO ACCESS All users of Clipix.com have the undeniable right to ask about and obtain a complete and accurate report on the data being stored about them. If you would like to request a report on the data we are storing about you, email us at GDPRCompliance@clipix.com. TRANSMITTING PII + RESPONDING TO DSARS It is against our policy to send Personally Identifiable Information (PII) without proper safeguards. When a user requests a report on the data being stored about them, certain guidelines must be followed: 1\. A DSAR (Data Subject Access Request) must be sent by the user whose information is being requested to GDPRCompliance@clipix.com. 2\. The user’s identity must be verified by the submission of a photo ID that clearly shows the user’s legal name. (This is so we can match the name on the photo ID with the name on the Clipix.com account.) 3\. Clipix.com will send the user an encrypted, password-protected email containing the PII requested. 4\. Clipix.com will send the user a separate email containing the password that unlocks the encrypted PII in the email. RIGHT TO ERASURE All users of Clipix.com have the right to request that any and all Personally Identifiable Information (PII) associated with their account be erased. Once a data subject access request (DSAR) is filed and customer identity is verified, the Company must respond to and fulfill such request within 30 days. When an account is “erased,” all PII associated with the account will be permanently deleted. The right to erasure exists to protect users of websites from having their PII stored, transferred, or otherwise utilized by another entity in any manner without proper consent. Members who elect to have their PII deleted from our system may do so by contacting GDPRCompliance@Clipix.com. CONTACT If problems arise, users may contact Clipix by email at support@clipix.com. If you have any further questions about privacy or security, please contact us by sending an email to: privacy@clipix.com. This Privacy Statement is effective October 24, 2018 Last Updated: 10/24/2018 
