> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clipta.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-09-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100917171725id_/http%3A//www.clipta.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Clipta Video Search

**Effective June 15, 2008**

This Privacy Policy applies to the services offered by Clipta Inc., including any Clipta-branded URL (The Clipta Websites), other features (for example video embedded players) and any other features, content, or applications offered from time to time by Clipta in connection with the Clipta Inc. Websites (collectively). The Clipta Inc. Services are hosted in the United States. From time to time Clipta Inc. may modify this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives or changes in the law, the features of the Clipta Inc. Services, or technology, and such modifications shall be effective upon posting by Clipta Inc. on the Clipta Inc. Website. Your continued use of the Clipta Inc. Services after Clipta Inc. posts a revised Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy. It is therefore important that you review this Privacy Policy regularly to ensure you are updated as to any changes.

General. Any and all users have a right to privacy. If you wish to keep your identity and contact information from others, you are not obliged to provide your personal information on any of the pages visible by other users.  
When Clipta Inc. collects personally identifiable information, (your full name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, or credit card number), it is because you are voluntarily submitting Registration to us in order to register as a Register Users of Clipta Inc. Clipta Inc. may also collect personally identifiable information from you if you choose to participate in Clipta Inc. Services activities like video sharing, upload video, contests, and surveys, because you want us to furnish you with products, services, newsletters, or information, or in connection with content or suggestions you submit to Clipta Inc. for review. This data is used to manage and improve the Clipta Inc. Services, track usage and for security purposes.

Cookies.  
Cookies are small bits of information that Clipta Inc. places on your computer. Clipta Inc. uses cookies to identify your Internet browser, store Users’ preferences, and determine whether you have installed the enabling software needed to access certain material on the Clipta Inc.Services. Data in cookies may be read to authenticate user sessions or provide services. Third party advertisements displayed on Clipta Inc. Services may also contain cookies set by Internet advertising companies or advertisers (known as “third party cookies”). Clipta Inc. does not control these third party cookies and Register Users of the Clipta Inc. Services should check the privacy policy of the Internet advertising company or advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies. Clipta Inc. may allow third party pixel tags to be present on Clipta Inc. Services for purposes of advertising, providing services or data and statistics collection. You can program your computer to warn you each time a cookie is being sent block third party cookies or block all cookies. However, by blocking all cookies you may not have access to certain features on the Clipta Inc. Services.

Personally identifiable information collection practices.  
When you voluntarily provide personally identifiable information to Clipta Inc., we will make sure the information will not share with third parties unless you have given Clipta Inc. permission to do so. Clipta Inc. Services may be linked to Internet sites operated by other companies. Clipta Inc. Services may also carry advertisements from other companies. Clipta Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices of websites or other services operated by third parties that are linked to or integrated with the Clipta Inc. Services or for the privacy practices of third party Internet advertising companies. Once you leave Clipta Inc. Services via such a link, access a third party application or click on an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party or advertiser site to determine, among other things, how they will handle any personally identifiable information they collect from you.  
Some of the advertisements that appear on Clipta Inc. Services may also be delivered to you by third party Internet advertising companies. These companies utilize certain technologies to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and to collect non- personally identifiable information about your visit to or use of Clipta Inc. Services, including information about the ads they display, via a cookie placed on your computer that reads your IP address. Third party applications created by third party developers may also be available on the Clipta Inc. Services. However, Clipta Inc. does not control the third party developers, and cannot dictate their actions. When a Register Users engages with a third party application that Register User is interacting with the third party developer, not with Clipta Inc. Clipta Inc. encourages Register Users not to provide personally identifiable information to the third party’s application. Clipta Inc. will only use the personally identifiable information you provide under this Privacy Policy in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If Clipta Inc. obtains personally identifiable information from a third party, such as a business partner, our use of that information is also governed by this Privacy Policy. Clipta Inc. prohibits any partners from sharing your Profile Information with any third party or from using it for any other purpose. Anonymous click stream, number of page views calculated by pixel tags, and aggregated demographic information may also be shared with Clipta Inc. advertisers and business partners. There may be instances when Clipta Inc. may disclose personally identifiable information without providing you a choice in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Clipta Inc., our Affiliated Companies or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of Users of the Clipta Inc. Services, (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) comply with the law or legal process. In addition, if Clipta Inc. sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of all or a material part of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, Clipta Inc. may transfer your personally identifiable information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.

Security: Clipta Inc. protect the security of personally identifiable information  
Clipta Inc. uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard personally identifiable information and credit card information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification. In addition, Clipta Inc. uses reasonable methods to make sure that personally identifiable information is accurate, up-to-date and appropriately complete.

Access and Compliance.  
Whenever possible, Clipta Inc. Register Users may review the Registration personally identifiable information we maintain about them in our records. We will take reasonable steps to correct any personally identifiable information a Register Users informs us is incorrect. If you are a Register Users, you can view and change your Registration personally identifiable information, Users preferences and Profile Information by logging into your account and accessing features such as “Edit Profile” and “Account Settings.” If you ask Clipta Inc. to stop using your personally identifiable information, Clipta Inc. will honor that request while retaining any record of your personally identifiable information that is necessary to comply with applicable federal, state or local law. If you would like to communicate with us about this Privacy Policy or Clipta Inc. collection and use of your personally identifiable information please contact Clipta Inc. at:

Email:  
[privacy@clipta.com](mailto:privacy@clipta.com)

Address:  
250 North Wolfe Road  
Sunnyvale, California 94085 
