> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clipmarks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061223152704id_/http%3A//clipmarks.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Clipmarks | Privacy Policy

Thank you for your interest in Clipmarks™ ("Software" or "Service"), fully owned and operated by Amplify, LLC ("Amplify," "We" or "Us"). Amplify is committed to protecting the privacy of the users and visitors of its products and services. By using the Clipmarks web site at [http://clipmarks.com](http://clipmarks.com/) (the "Site") and/or the Clipmarks Software (the "Software") (collectively the "Clipmarks Services"), you agree to the collection and use of your information by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Please note that this policy applies only to Clipmark Services, and not to other web sites to which we link or to web sites which you access via Clipmark Services.

**Definitions**  
(a) The Clipmarks Software provides you with a toolbar which will be located in your web browser upon installation (the "Clipmarks Toolbar") and which provides you with the ability to highlight and select online content, including text, images and other types of information ("Content"). You can add your own keyword identifiers ("Tags") and a title to each piece of Content and save them, along with any other information you provide, on Amplify’s servers as a "Clipmark". Clipmarks can be saved for your own personal use, shared with third parties online and/or posted publicly on the Clipmarks Site ("Clipmarks Public Library") in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and Our End User License Agreement ("Authorized Use"). As used in this Privacy Policy, to "Clip" Content means to select such Content from anywhere on the World Wide Web ("Web") and place such Content or a link to such Content in a Clipmark. 

**Changes to the Privacy Policy**  
We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy. Any changes will be posted on this page. We encourage you to check this page regularly. Your continued use of the Clipmarks Software and Services following any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such changes. 

**Information You Provide and How We Use It**  
You will be asked to provide Amplify with registration information when installing the Software. Registration information will include a username, password and working email address. You will need your username and password to save Clipmarks and access Clipmarks you have saved from the Site. Your username will also be displayed publicly on the Site when you participate in the Public Clipmark Library. This includes, but is not limited to: when you add a Clipmark to the Public Clipmark Library; post a Comment alongside a Clipmark; add a Clipmark to your favorites list; get added to another User’s Watch List; or add another user to your Watch List. When your Username is displayed on the Site it will be clickable by other visitors to the Site. When clicked on, visitors will be taken your Personal Clipmarks Page where they will be able to, amongst other things, see and search through all your Public Clipmarks, your folders that include Public Clipmarks, your top tags (from your Public Clipmarks only) and your public Clipmarks favorites list. When you add Clipmarks to the Public Library your username may also show up in of Top User lists that will be displayed on the Site, including its home page, and may be displayed on third party web sites. Your username, all Clipmarks you save and the information associated with them, including Clipmarks that you do not save in the Clipmarks Public Library, may also be used within internal Amplify reports generated by Us for the purpose of monitoring the use of the Software and the activity on the Site. These reports and the information therein will not be distributed to third parties or used for any other purposes except as stated herein.

The email address you provide will not be distributed to third parties and will be used (1) to email you an authorization link upon your completion of the registration process that will activate your Clipmarks account, (2) to respond to your customer support inquiries and forgot password requests, (3) to keep you informed about updates to the Clipmark Software and Site and. You may also have the opportunity at your option of creating a personal profile page. Any information you add to your Personal Profile will be accessible by any visitor to the Site. 

**All of your participation in the Clipmark Public Library, including, but not limited to, saving Clipmarks in the Clipmark Public Library and posting Commentary on Clipmarks in the Clipmark Public Library, may result in visitors to the Site being able to see and click on a link to your Username, see information about your activity in the Clipmark Public Library and click through to your Personal Clipmarks Page if you have set one up.**

We may use third party contractors to help us operate our business or administer activities on our behalf and may share your information (both personal and non-personal) with these contractors for those limited purposes. We will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties except as provided in this Privacy Policy or our End User License Agreement..

If Amplify or Clipmarks is sold to or merges with, another company, or declares bankruptcy, some or all of the information collected from you (both personal and non-personal) may be transferred to a third party as a result of the transfer of assets. We may also disclose your personally identifiable information when we determine it is necessary to comply with applicable laws or protect the interests or safety of Amplify, the Clipmark Services, its users and visitors.

**Information Collected Automatically and How We Use It**  
We automatically collect some non-personally identifiable information about you. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you’re surfing the Web. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When users interact with our Site, our servers log the user’s IP address. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information. Amplify collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration and the compilation of aggregate information about the usage of Clipmark Services. 

We collect certain information regarding your use of the Clipmark Services. Such information includes, but is not limited to, the number of Clipmarks you save both privately and publicly; the tags you associate with such Clipmarks, the number of searches you do on the Site and the keywords you use with those searches, the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the online source of Content you Clip; the file type of the Content within a Clipmark, titles of Clipmarks you create and the username of the creator of such Amps. This information may be used to generate private reports that we will use internally to try to understand how Clipmarks is being used and how can improve upon it. This information may also be used to created reports that will be made available on our Site regarding usage of the Services **(only activity that occurs within the Clipmark Public Library will be used in reports that are available on our Site)**. Information we gather may be shared with third parties, such as advertisers, business partners and sponsors, but only in anonymous form. We will not connect your name or other personally identifiable information to the foregoing information should we choose to share it with third parties.

Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make Web-surfing easier for you by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences while you’re on a web site. The use of cookies is an industry standard – you’ll find them at most major web sites. When you use the Site and/or Software we may automatically receive and record information in our server logs from your browser including your IP address, Clipmarks cookie information, and the page you request. We will use the information collected for the purpose of improving our service and for anonymous reporting of Site and Software usage. Amplify does not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie. Amplify may share such information with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties.

Amplify may collect information regarding the current version of the Software that you are using to determine if your software requires updating and may require you to update your version to continue using the Software. 

Each user is assigned a globally unique identifier (GUID) in order to authenticate users of Clipmark Services and to enable us to record the number of individual users of Clipmark Services. That GUID may be associated with any of the information we gather regarding use of the Services. 

**Advertising Policy**  
We may serve advertisements on the Site. Amplify Software does not bundle any third party software and will not serve any types of advertising outside our Site. If you have any questions about Amplify’s advertising policy, please contact [adpolicy@clipmarks.com](mailto:adpolicy@clipmarks.com).

**Saving and Sharing Clipmarks**  
The Software and Site allows you to "save" Clipmarks on the Site in your personal Clipmarks Library or in the Clipmarks Public Library. Clipmarks (including the Title, Tags and any other information associated with a Clipmark) that you do not add to the Clipmarks Public Library are not viewable by other visitors to the Site and are not included in publicly available reports on Clipmark usage. Clipmarks that you add to the Clipmarks Public Library (including the Title, Tags and any other information associated with a Clipmark) are viewable by visitors to the Site and are included in publicly available reports. After saving a Clipmark in either the Private or Public Clipmark Library you will have the ability to change your decision by clicking on the Edit link next to each of your Clipmarks. Amplify reserves the right in its sole discretion to access, store and disclose Content from your Clipmarks, any comments or editorial content ("Commentary") posted by you or any other visitor on the Site or user registration information if Amplify believes in good faith that such action is reasonably necessary to enforce the terms of Our End User License Agreement (available at <http://clipmarks.com/eula.aspx>), this Privacy Policy or our Copyright Policy (available at <http://clipmarks.com/copyright.aspx>) , comply with any applicable laws, rules or regulations, operate its systems properly, or protect the rights or property of Amplify, its users, visitors or others.

Amplify does not pre-screen the Content or other information such as Tags, titles, or other Commentary that is incorporated into Clipmarks by our users and takes no responsibility for Content that is Clipped by our users or the Commentary that is posted on the Site. Nevertheless, we reserve the right, but not the obligation, to remove any Clipmark or Commentary from the Site, in our sole discretion. Without limiting the foregoing, we shall have the right in our sole discretion to remove any Clipmark or Commentary, and to disable or disallow any Clipmark or Commentary which we deem to violate this Agreement or otherwise be objectionable, including, without limitation, Clipmarks or Commentary that are unlawful, harmful, harassing, tortious, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful, pornographic, abusive or threatening. . In addition, Amplify reserves the right to gather information from the source page from which you Clip Content. Such information may include, but is not limited to, Meta data, text from the web page and the address of the web page. We may, in Our sole discretion, set up procedures to automatically block Clipmarks from being added to the Clipmarks Public Library that: were created by certain users; were created from specific web pages or sites; contain certain Tags or Content; or for any other reason, including information We gather from the Clipmark’s source page. We also reserve the right to set up procedures that allow individual users, at their own discretion, to do the same.

Registered users have the ability to post Clipmarks on the Site in the Public Clipmarks Library and Site visitors may view, rate, share, search for and post Commentary about the Clipmarks posted on the Clipmarks Public Library. The tags you assign Clipmarks will determine when they show up in search queries performed by Site visitors. Amplify reserves the right to review all Clipmarks posted on the Site to ensure that they have accurate and appropriate tags, title and description. Amplify reserves the right to modify the tags, title and description for any Clipmark added to the Public Clipmark Library.

When you share a link to a Clipmark or any page on the Site via email, instant message, blog or by any other means, please keep in mind that the recipient(s) of the link can forward this link on to other people. Amplify does not limit the number of times or the number of people to whom this link can subsequently be forwarded. 

When posting a Clipmark or Commentary on the Clipmark Public Library, remember that any information you disclose becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal, financial or other information.

**Children**  
This Site Is Not Intended ForChildren Under Age 13.We will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.

**Links**  
Amplify’s Service and any Clipmarks posted on the Site may contain links to other sites, including, among others, those of advertisers, third parties and companies whose trademarks may appear on the Service. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of the sites to which we link or which you access via the Software and/or Site. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of all such sites.

**Security**  
Protecting your information is important to us. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we are committed to protecting your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.

**Update Personal Information**  
If you would like to review, update, change or delete information we have collected from you please send an e-mail to [info@clipmarks.com](mailto:info@clipmarks.com). Please note, changes may not be effective immediately.

**Contact Us**  
Amplify welcomes comments and questions on this Privacy Policy, which should be sent to [privacy@clipmarks.com](mailto:privacy@clipmarks.com).

**Effective Date**  
This privacy policy is effective as of September 1, 2005.

[Back to Clipmarks](https://web.archive.org/)
