> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the clipartbest.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181229194656id_/http%3A//www.clipartbest.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - ClipArt Best

The owners and operators of ClipartBest take your online privacy seriously. This document outlines the types of information collected by our servers and provides links to the privacy policies of our third-party advertising partners.

## Personally Identified Data

We strongly discourage users from entering their full name, phone number, physical address, or other sensitive information in user profiles, comments, or other areas of the site. Furthermore, we request that minors and any individuals with limited decision making ability not create an account on this site without the approval and supervision of a guardian.

We make a reasonable attempt to monitor for cases where users post personally identifiable information about other individuals to public portions of the web site and remove the offending material.

## Server Logs

Like most web sites, ClipartBest logs web, database, and other server-software usage and access information. This information may include your internet protocol (IP) address, which in many cases can be translated to an affiliation (such as your work, school, or internet service provider), or a geographical location. We only use this information for debugging purposes and for aggregating into anonymous usage and traffic statistics.

## Cookies

While browsing ClipartBest, a small number of text files referred to as "cookies" are created on your local file system by your web browser at the request of our servers. These files allow us to personalize the browsing experience. You are free to delete them at any time, or configure your browser not to create them. However, we do not guarantee that every feature of ClipartBest will function as expected without cookies enabled. **Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.**

### Why do we use cookies?

ClipartBest uses cookies for the following purposes:

  * #### Statistical Analysis

We perform statistical, demographic and marketing analyses of users of ClipartBest for product development purposes and to generally inform advertisers about the nature of our user base. We use this information for analysis purposes, including analysis to improve user experience.

  * #### Relevant Advertising

We may use demographic and preference information to allow advertising on ClipartBest to be targeted to the users for whom they are most pertinent. This means users see advertising that is most likely to interest them, and advertisers send their messages to people who are most likely to be receptive, improving both the viewer's experience and the effectiveness of the ads. We disclose information to third parties only in aggregate or de-identified form.




### Cookies used on ClipartBest

Cookies are categorized as third-party or first-party depending on whether they are associated with the domain of the site a user visits. At ClipartBest we us both first and third-party cookies.

Cookie | Type | Purpose | Duration | More information  
---|---|---|---|---  
consent | First party cookie | Used to remember acceptance of cookies by user. | Up to 1 year |   
PHPSESSID | First party cookie | Used to enable the communication of session identifiers (formed of random numbers generated by the server) which are required for safe and efficient site browsing. | Deleted when the browser is closed | No personal information is stored in this cookie.  
_gads Google Adsense | Third party cookie: **Google Adsense** | Used to display online ads that are relevant to our users. | Up to 2 years | Please check Adsense's privacy policy here: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>. You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page. [http://www.google.com/settings/ads/](http://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/). If you want to, you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely.  
sc_is_visitor_unique | Third party cookie: **StatCounter** | Used to measure overall traffic to our site, and provides completely anonymous and aggregated data. | Up to 2 years | StatCounter’s privacy policy is available at: <http://statcounter.com/about/legal/#privacy>  
  
In addition, our site uses session cookies. Session cookies are only stored in a browser’s memory until it is closed down. They are used for many essential site functions, such as quickly loading a page.

We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers or connected sites.
