> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the duckdice.io privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180818143434id_/https%3A//duckdice.io/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DuckDice - Privacy policy

**Last Update: 05/24/18**

## Data Retention Policy

DuckDice aims to collect the least possible amount of personal data necessary for using the service. The personal data processed by DuckDice are the following:

  * **Telegram ID** – used to play with DuckDice bot in Telegram messenger;
  * **Username** – used to play with DuckDice bot in Telegram messenger;
  * **Password** – used by a user in order to login in the system;
  * **Avatar** – used to visually identify a user in the system;
  * **E-mail** – used to send security e-mails, to restore access to an account, to login to the system, to send marketing e-mails if user agreed;
  * **Social profile ID/username/first name/last name** – used by a user to login to the system.



All data above will be stored until a user deletes his account.

Every DuckDice user can:

  * download his own personal data information, so all user's personal data that is being processed by DuckDice can be also accessible by this user;
  * rectify user personal data (where applicable);
  * remove user personal data;
  * restrict user personal data processing – you can remove consent to a personal data processing in settings, but note that DuckDice collects the only minimum amount of personal data without which use of the Service will no longer be possible. Therefore revoke consent for data processing will also trigger account removal.



Note that username can be changed only once from settings and only via support request after this. Due to technical constraint Telegram ID can only be reset.

Every user can now unsubscribe from the DuckDice mailing list in E-mail Settings, however note that you cannot unsubscribe from the System e-mail which provide you with Security codes.

### Conditions applicable to child's consent in relation to information society services:

It is strictly forbidden for underage to access the Service. By agreeing to these Terms of Use, you represent and warrant to us that you are at least eighteen years of age.

## Cookies Policy

### What are cookies?

A cookie is a piece of information in the form of a very small text file that is placed on an internet user's computer. It is generated by a web page server (which is basically the computer that operates the website) and can be used by that server whenever the user visits the site. A cookie can be thought of as an internet user's identification card, which tells a website when the user has returned. Cookies can't harm your computer and we don't store any personally identifiable information about you on any of our cookies.

### Why do we use cookies on DuckDice?

DuckDice uses two types of cookies: cookies set by us and cookies set by third parties (i.e. other websites or services). DuckDice cookies enable us to keep you signed in to your account throughout your visit and to tailor the information displayed on the site to your preferences.

### What cookies do we use on DuckDice?

Below is a list of the main cookies set by DuckDice, and what each is used for:

  * **_fp** \- stores browser's fingerprint. Lifetime: forever.
  * **_t** \- stores timestamp when user firstly visited site in current browsing session. Needed for unique visits statistic. Lifetime: browsing session.
  * **_r** \- stores http referrer for current browsing session. Needed in order to external track traffic sources. Lifetime: browsing session.
  * **_c** \- stores identifier of affiliate campaign. Needed for affiliate statistic. Lifetime: forever.



Cookies set by third parties for wildcard domain: *.duckdice.io

  * Google analytics: **_ga** , **_gat** , **_gid**
  * Zendesk: **__zlcmid**
  * Cloudflare: **__cfduid**



Please keep in mind that some browsers (i.e. chrome on mac) keep background processes running even if no tabs opened due to this session cookies may left set between sessions.

There are also cookies set by third party scripts to their domains.

How can I manage my cookies on DuckDice?   
If you wish to stop accepting cookies, you can do so through the Privacy Settings option in your browser.

### Personal Data Protection Policy

DuckDice’s mission is to keep your Data safe and for this matter we protect your data in various ways. We provide our customers with high security standards, such as encryption of data in motion over public networks, encryption of data in database, auditing standards, Distributed Denial of Service mitigations, and a Live Chat available on-site.

### Server Protection Policy

  * All servers have full encryption;
  * All backups have encryption;
  * Firewalls, VPN Access;
  * Access to servers allowed only over VPN;
  * All http/s services work over Cloudflare;
  * Connections to nodes over VPN;
  * SSH port forwarding tunnels;
  * Services allowed only over VPN;
  * Server have firewall and allowed only SSH port;
  * Alerts on critical services.



### Data Breach Notification

When DuckDice will be made aware of personal data breaches we will notify relevant users in accordance with GDPR timeframes.

### Data International Transfer

We only disclose personal data to third parties where it is necessary to provide the high-quality service or in order to respond lawful requests from authorities.

We share the following data to third party systems:

  * **Zendesk Inc.** – username and e-mail information is transferred if user sends a message to live-chat or sends an e-mail to support mailbox.


