> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nierle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160315124644id_/https%3A//www.nierle.com/en/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - nierle.com

  |    


[Ink Search

](https://www.nierle.com/en/ink.html)

  
|   | 

## § 1 General

Your personal data (eg title, name, address, e-mail address) is collected and processes by us only to the extent required and stored in accordance with the provisions of Swiss data protection legislation. The following regulations inform you about the type, scope and purpose of collection, processing and use of personal data. This privacy policy applies solely to our websites. If you are directed through links on our pages to other pages, please inform yourself there about the handling of your data.

A warranty for the security of your data which is transferred over the internet cannot be provided by us. In particular we point out the risks of access by third parties when transmitting data by e-mail.

It is strictly prohibited to use contact data provided in the imprint by third parties for advertising purposes. The operator reserves his right in taking legal action in the event of unsolicited advertising or sending of informational materials.

If sections or individual terms of this disclaimer are or become invalid, the remaining provisions shall remain unaffected in their content and validity.

## § 2 Automated data capturing

For technical reasons the following data provided by your internet browser is recorded by us:

  * Browser type and version
  * Operating system used
  * Website from which you visit us (referrer URL)
  * Website which you visit
  * Date and time of your access
  * Your internet protokoll (IP) address



This anonymous data is stored separately from any personal data you may provide and can thus not draw conclusions about a particular person. It is evaluated for statistical purposes in order to optimize our Internet presence and our offers. After evaluating it is deleted.

## § 3 Inventory data

We use your personal data to process your order and do not provide it to third parties without your explicit and revocable consent which especially includes your home and email address. Our service partners who require your data for the means of processing your order (eg. the company and staff responsible for the shipping and payments) are excluded from this regulation. In the cases which require forwarding of your data to our partners the amount of transferred data is limited to the minimum necessary.

By order of competent authorities like police, secret service, constitutional protection authorities and military counterintelligence service who require the data to fulfill their statutory duties for security or for protection of intellecutual property rights we may provide individual personal data to the authorities mentioned.

Your legitimate concerns will be considered in accordance with the statutory provisions.

## § 4 Newsletter

With the registration for our newsletter we store your e-mail address for marketing, advertising and market research reasons until you unsubscribe from our newsletter.

## § 5 Information about cookies

We use the so called cookies for the purpose of recognition of multiple use of our website. Cookies are small text files which your Internet browser stores on your computer. When you revisit our website the cookies provide infromation to automatically recognise you. This recognition is based on yourIP address saved in the cookie. The information obtained serves to optimize our offers and to provide you with easier access to our website.

You can prevent the storage of cookies by choosing the option "no cookies" in your browser settings.

## § 6 Information about personal data

Upon request we will provide information on the data stored about your person or your pseudonym. You always have the right to request, ask for correction, block or deletion of your personal data cost free. If you wish so please contact us.

NIERLE GmbH  
Rathausstraße 14  
CH-6340 Baar  
Switzerland  
[__privacy@nierle.com](mailto:privacy@nierle.com)

## Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer to help the website analyse how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

Addon for deactivation of Google Analytics: [http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?.](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de)

Google terms of use: <http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html>

|   |  |    
---|---|---|---|---|---|---
