> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the adfirmative.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120624053103id_/http%3A//www.adfirmative.com/privacypolicy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Adfirmative - Trusted Delivery, Targeted Results

**What This Privacy Policy Covers**  
We at Adfirmative, LLC want you to feel safe online. For that reason, we follow a privacy policy that applies to all of the products, services, and Web sites offered by Adfirmative, LLC or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies. In line with that policy, we want to let you know how we treat personal information that we collect and receive from users of www.leadsandfeeds.com. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number.

This Privacy Policy covers the following: The information we collect and use, including how we generally use that information. What we share and disclose and why and to whom. What “Cookies” and “Web beacons” are and how we use them. How to update and delete your account information. How you will be notified of changes to our Privacy Policy. How and whom to contact if you have questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy.

Adfirmative’ Privacy Policy applies only to Web sites and services that are owned and operated by Adfirmative, LLC. While other Web sites may be displayed as search results or links from within Adfirmative, those sites are owned and operated by others, and they may have different privacy policies. When linking from Adfirmative to other Web sites, if you have privacy concerns, we urge you to review the privacy policies of those sites.

It’s also important to note that this Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you post, yourself, in public areas of the Adfirmative Web site. For example, if you choose to let other people see your list of goals, your name, and your answers to the other profile questions, or if you post information or comments on a discussion board, that information will be made public. Your messages and other information you make available in public areas of the Adfirmative Web site will be seen by people and organizations not related to or controlled by Uplift Adfirmative, and may be used by others to contact you.

**Information Collection and Use**  
We collect personal information from you whenever you interact with Adfirmative, such as when you: register with Adfirmative, use our products or services, enter promotions or sweepstakes, and visit web pages on Adfirmative or on the Web sites of certain of our partners. We may combine information about you that we have with information we obtain from business partners or other companies. When you register, we ask for information such as your name, email address, birth date, gender, zip code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. For some financial products and services, we may also ask for your address, Social Security number, and information about your assets. Once you register with Adfirmative and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us. You are free to use Adfirmative without registering or setting up a personal Adfirmative Account; however, some of our services and web pages are available only to those who are registered users. We collect information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of financial products and services that we offer. We automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, Adfirmative cookie information, and the pages you request. We use your personal information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal and external clients. In short, the information you provide us can help us to understand how to make the Web Site more convenient and useful to you. In general, we provide access to your personal information only to Adfirmative employees and contractors who we believe need that access in order to do their jobs and to provide products or services to you.

**Information Sharing and Disclosure**  
Your User Profile information including member's age, and town, are displayed to people in order to facilitate user interaction in the Adfirmative social networking community. We do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you request, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances: We provide the information to trusted partners who work on behalf of or with Adfirmative under confidentiality agreements. These companies may use your personal information to help Adfirmative communicate with you about offers from Adfirmative and our marketing partners. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information. We may sometimes share aggregate non-personal information with third parties such as the media, advertisers, and government agencies. This aggregate information is typically in the form of statistics, such as numbers of Adfirmative users who live in a particular state or fall within a particular age group. Such aggregate information is gathered from individual Adfirmative users’ information but is not traceable to any specific identifiable Adfirmative user. We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of the Adfirmative terms of use, or as otherwise required or permitted by law. If Adfirmative is acquired by or merged with or into another company, we will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.

**Our Advertisers**  
We do not share your personal information with our advertisers. However, the advertising we display is targeted to users of particular services and content. So if you view or click on a targeted ad, the advertiser (or other companies affiliated with the advertiser) may assume that you meet the targeting criteria – for example, but not limited to, women ages 50-60 from a particular geographic area or with children or grandchildren of a certain age.

**Cookies and Web Beacons**  
Adfirmative, like many Web sites, uses cookies to prepare customized Web pages for you. A cookie is a file containing a string of code that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive, to be kept there for later use. With cookies in place, whenever you use your Web browser (such as Internet Explorer, AOL, or Mozilla Firefox) to connect to Adfirmative, our systems are able to recognize you. This enables Adfirmative to present you with custom Web pages. So, for example, instead of seeing just a generic welcome page, you see a welcome page with your name on it and information that relates to where you live (your zip code) and products or services that reflect your interests. In addition to Adfirmative’ cookies, when you visit www.leadsandfeeds.com your computer may receive cookies from our advertisers, and from other sites displayed as search results or links. The cookies inserted by those third parties are not covered by Adfirmative’ Privacy Policy, but rather, by the policies of those advertisers and outside Web sites.

You can set up your browser to reject cookies or tell you when a cookie has been sent. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of www.leadsandfeeds.com interactive features, and we hope you will leave them turned on. 

Adfirmative also uses web beacons (also known as action tags or single pixel gifs) to access Adfirmative cookies inside and outside our Web pages and in connection with Adfirmative products and services. A web beacon is a transparent image placed on a web page that sends a signal when a person visits that page. This enables us to assess the popularity and effectiveness of the material posted on the Adfirmative Web site. We may also use web beacons in connection with e-mails sent to Adfirmative users, to let us know whether and when the e-mail was opened. No personal information is transmitted through web beacons.

**Third-party Ad Serving**  
Adfirmative contracts with third party companies to help us make sure that our content and advertising are relevant and effective, and to analyze how visitors use our site. To do this, we use Web beacons and cookies provided by our marketing company on this site. The type of information we collect includes, for example, the pages you visited at www.leadsandfeeds.com. This information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which products are most interesting, and what kinds of offers our visitors like to see. Although our third party marketing partners manage the information coming from our site on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used. If you do not want to help us learn how to improve our site, products, offers and marketing strategy, you can “opt-out” of allowing us to analyze such data by clicking here. The ads on Adfirmative pages are delivered to you by “Double Clicking”, our web advertising partner. Information about your visit to www.leadsandfeeds.com, such as number of times you have viewed an ad, is used to serve ads to you whenever you visit www.leadsandfeeds.com. For more information about “DoubleClick”, cookies, and how to opt out, please click here. 

**Your Ability to Update and Delete Your Account Information and Preferences**  
You can update your Adfirmative Account Information, including your biographical and profile information, at any time, by going to the Update my bio/profile questions page and the Update my email address, ZIP, mailing list settings page. New categories of marketing communications may be added to the My Account page from time to time. Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive. We reserve the right to send you certain important communications relating to the Adfirmative service, such as service announcements and administrative messages, throughout the term of your personal Adfirmative account, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving these important communications. You can terminate your Adfirmative account at any time by sending a request to admin@leadsandfeeds.com. 

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**  
This Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your Adfirmative account or by placing a prominent notice on our site. 

**Questions and Suggestions**  
If you have questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, please complete a feedback form or you can contact us at: 

**Adfirmative, LLC**  
1310 South 1st, Suite 210  
Austin, TX 78704 

admin@adfirmative.com 
