> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ogio.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-04-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160409035000id_/http%3A//ogio.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

We respect your privacy. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the way our customer information is collected and used. We do not sell, rent, or loan any identifiable information regarding our customers to any third party. Any information you give us is held with the utmost care and security, and will not be used in ways to which you have not consented. When you purchase products from us or register for any of our newsletters, or products, we automatically place you on our list to receive e-mail regarding updates about special offers, new products, and new services. If you do not wish to receive e-mail updates, please send us an e-mail with "remove" in the subject line. We also use Google analytics demographics and interest reporting on our website to learn more about our customers and improve our product offerings. Visitors can opt-out of Google analytics demographics and interest reporting by updating their Google [settings](https://www.google.com/settings/u/0/ads?hl=en&sig=ACi0TCg1UVOuK-hm5eVXH3av0xjWqzQ_-vFFkysMH1moIiL34jw6L9I2RWcc3Q3unhfuFKvsRqKuyCN5lurDvrHV8vwozdQubUCpHWU4_mrXJpzqlGCN7QYOORE3-kFEwy6JqsO9Piq0nVl8uUYvSDJ0Y2PYRXq-J5m7S0BLkfFwmH58fGvxUa-54ijaTzKgZNIaG17D8CtM/).

### Information We Collect

This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials or information. The information collected at these pages are: Name, Billing Address, Shipping Address, Email address, Phone number, Credit/Debit Card Information. We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. This information is confidential, known only to us. We do not share this information with any outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order and maintain a customer database. We do not retain credit card numbers or other payment information for purposes other than processing your secure online orders. After your order is placed, your credit card and other payment information records are securely stored on an independent network with no access to or from the internet. Any hardcopy information that is printed out locally here, and is not sent along with your order (internal copies of credit card transaction receipts, for example) is crosscut shredded before being disposed of.
