> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lehigh.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151228124138id_/http%3A//www1.lehigh.edu/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | About Lehigh | Lehigh University | Lehigh University

## You are here

[About](https://web.archive.org/about) > Privacy Policy

About Lehigh

This Overall Privacy Statement discloses the privacy practices for the entire Lehigh University Web site.

Privacy is extremely important to us. Please read the following to understand our views and practices regarding this matter and how they pertain to you. Lehigh University gathers several types of information about our visitors: data that prospective students provide when inquiring about academic programs, information about how many people visit our site, and personal contact information supplied by visitors signing up for electronic publications or newsletters created and transmitted by Lehigh University or other promotions such as our opinion surveys. Such information enables us to better tailor our products to our visitors' needs and to help us better understand the demographics of our visitors. Lehigh University DOES NOT SHARE INFORMATION ABOUT INDIVIDUAL VISITORS WITH ANY OTHER PARTY. Lehigh University gathers user information in the following processes:

Electronic newsletter - Lehigh University offers a free e-mail newsletter to visitors. Lehigh University gathers the e-mail addresses of visitors who voluntarily subscribe. Customers may remove themselves from this mailing list by following the instructions included in every newsletter. Usage tracking - Lehigh University tracks visitor traffic patterns throughout our site. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual visitors. Lehigh University may/does break down overall usage statistics according to a visitor's domain name, browser type, and MIME type using the information supplied by the user's Web browser, such as IP address, browser type, version and platform.

As stated above, Lehigh University uses information that visitors voluntarily provide in order to send out e-mail newsletters. Lehigh University does not share newsletter mailing lists with any third parties, including advertisers, constituencies or partners. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our site visitors like and don't like based on traffic to those areas. Lehigh University does not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. Lehigh University uses the information described above to tailor our products and content to suit your needs and help us better understand our audience's demographics. Lehigh University will not disclose any of your personal information, except as described above, or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, or to protect the rights or property of Lehigh University. Lehigh University does disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to prospective constituencies, partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes. Virtual Postcards- When you send one of our virtual postcards, the information you provide to us is used to customize your greeting with the recipient's name and with your message, and to deliver an email notification to the recipient. We treat our cards as private correspondence between the sender and the recipient and will not disclose the contents of a card, other than to the intended recipient, unless we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of Lehigh University; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public. However, if you provide a false email address or attempt to pose as someone else when sending a card, information about you - including your computer's IP address - may be disclosed as part of any investigation into your actions. Under normal circumstances, we will not monitor or edit the contents of the cards you send. On occasion, however, Lehigh University personnel may need to view your message in connection with the technical processing of your greeting or the maintenance of our network.

Lehigh University uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secure and to disclose such information where appropriate only to third parties we believe to be responsible. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties which receive the information. Lehigh University also links to a wide variety of other sites. We are not responsible for their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users.

Before you can transmit a postcard, you are required to read and agree to the terms in the [Terms of Use: Lehigh University Web Site Service Agreement](https://web.archive.org/about/serviceagreement).
