> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pharmeasy.in privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150321002042id_/http%3A//pharmeasy.in/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PharmEasy

****

## Privacy Policy

This document is an electronic record in terms of Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules there under as applicable and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic records in various statutes as amended by the Information Technology Act, 2000. This electronic record is generated by a computer system and does not require any physical or digital signatures.

This document is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries guidelines) Rules, 2011 that require publishing the rules and regulations, privacy policy and Terms of Use for access or usage of www.pharmeasy.in website and its mobile applications.

By using this Website, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not proceed further to use this Website. This Privacy Policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure you are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Terms of Use.

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, wherever the context so requires "You" or "User" shall mean any natural or legal person who has agreed to become a buyer on the Website by providing Personal Information (defined below) while registering on the Website as a registered User using the computer systems.

### 1\. Information and Usage

This Privacy Policy explains how 91 streets media technologies private limited collects personal and non-personal information, classified as mandatory or voluntary and uses, discloses and protects such information through the Website. 'Personal Information' is data that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person ("Personal Information"). Personal Information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy shall include, but not limited to, information regarding Your name, address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, e-mail address, residential address, billing address etc.

You may need to provide 91 streets media technologies private limited Your Personal Information during the course of using services of / purchasing the Products from the Website, for instance, creating a User ID, providing information in Your account while registering on the Website, upload content, participate in any online survey or contest, communicate with 91 streets media technologies private limited's customer service by phone, email or otherwise, provide reviews for the content available on the Website.

91 streets media technologies private limited collects only such Personal Information that 91 streets media technologies private limited believes to be relevant and is required to understand Your interests. 91 streets media technologies private limited collects Your Personal Information in order to record, support and facilitate Your participation on the Website and keep You informed about the services that your may request for with respect to latest Products available via the Website, special offers, and other products and services of 91 streets media technologies private limited, to assist You with customer service or technical support issues, to follow up with You after Your visit, to otherwise support Your relationship with 91 streets media technologies private limited or to prevent fraud and unlawful use. 

In general, you can browse the Website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. While you can browse some sections of our Website without being a registered member, certain activities (such as placing an order, or providing a requisition) do require registration. Once you give us your personal information, you are not anonymous to us. Where possible, we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature on the Website. In an effort to make our Website effective, certain information may be collected each time you visit the Website. Such information may be stored in server logs. These encrypted statistics do not identify you personally, but provide us the information regarding your visit to the Website and the type of user who is accessing our Website and certain browsing activities by You. This data may include: IP address of Your server from where the Website is being accessed, the type of browser (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Opera, Google Chrome etc.), the operating system of Your system and the Website You last visited before visiting to our Website. The duration of Your stay on our Website is also stored in the session along with the date and time of your access. These data are used by 91 streets media technologies private limited to understand the use and number of user visiting the Website. Some of the information related to the Website and Your visit to the Website may be shared by the sponsors, investors, advertisers, developer, strategic business partners and vendors of 91 streets media technologies private limited and some associates in order to enhance and grow our business and the Website, but we assure that these information will never include any of Your Personal Information. This anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major Websites.

When You use the Website, 91 streets media technologies private limited's servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) may collect information indirectly and automatically about Your activities on the Website; for instance by way of cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to a user's browser from a web server and is eventually stored on a user's computer hard drive. This anonymous information is maintained distinctly and is not linked to the Personal Information You submit to 91 streets media technologies private limited. 

Whether You want Your web browser to accept cookies or not is up to You. If You haven't changed Your computer's settings, most likely Your browser already accepts cookies. If You choose to decline cookies, You may not be able to fully experience all features of the Website. You can also delete Your browser cookies or disable them entirely, but this may significantly impact Your experience with the Website and may make parts of the Website non functional or inaccessible. We recommend that You leave them turned on.

We may use third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the internet and sometimes on this Website. They may collect anonymous information about Your visits to our Website and Your interaction with our Products and services. No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. They do not know the name, phone number, address, email address, or any personally identifying information about the user.

91 streets media technologies private limited also uses the log file like other website servers which is the standard measures. They include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring / exit pages, platform type, date / time stamp, and number of clicks. We use them to analyse trends, administer the site, track a user's movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.

91 streets media technologies private limited does not trade or sell Your Personal Information in any manner, except as specified herein, or if express consent is sought from You.

Personal Information provided by You is used only:

a. to facilitate Your use of the Website;

b. to respond to Your inquiries or fulfil Your requests for information about the various services;

c. to provide You with information about 91 streets media technologies private limited's Products and to send You information, materials, and offers from 91 streets media technologies private limited;

d. to send You important information regarding the Website, changes to 91 streets media technologies private limited's terms, conditions, and policies and / or other administrative information;

e. to send You surveys and marketing communications that 91 streets media technologies private limited believes may be of interest to You;

f. to personalize Your experience on the Website by presenting advertising, Products and offers tailored to You;

g. to help You address Your problems with the Website including addressing any technical problems;

h. if You purchase any Products from the Website, to complete and fulfil Your purchase, for example, communicate with You regarding Your purchase and provide You with related customer service;

i. for proper administering of the Website;

j. to conduct internal reviews and data analysis for the Website (e.g., to determine the number of visitors to specific pages within the Website);

k. to improve the Products offered, content and advertising on the Website;

l. to protect the integrity of the Website; and

m. to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law.

You acknowledge that apart from Your Personal Information, if You upload any content on the Website, such content may contain information including Personal Information and the same may be available to the other users of the Website. 91 streets media technologies private limited will not be liable for the disclosure and dissemination of such Personal Information to third parties. 

91 streets media technologies private limited may disclose aggregated information about the use of the Website, but it will never contain Personal Information. 91 streets media technologies private limited does not disclose Personal Information to third parties in the normal course of operations. However, in situations when 91 streets media technologies private limited is legally obligated to disclose information to the government or other third parties, 91 streets media technologies private limited will do so.

91 streets media technologies private limited implements standard measures to protect against unauthorized access to and unlawful interception of Personal Information. However, no internet site can fully eliminate security risks. 

### 2\. Shared Personal Information

You are required to submit Your information at the time of making a purchase/requisiton on the Website. The information You share with 91 streets media technologies private limited is transferred and shared with vendors of 91 streets media technologies private limited. The said vendor may also have access to Your purchase history / details that You make from the Website.

91 streets media technologies private limited may share personal information with 91 streets media technologies private limited’s other corporate entities and affiliates to help detect and prevent identity theft, fraud and other potentially illegal acts; correlate related or multiple accounts to prevent abuse of our services; and to facilitate joint or co-branded services that You may request where such services are provided by more than one corporate entity. Those entities and affiliates may not market to You as a result of such sharing unless you explicitly opt-in.

91 streets media technologies private limited and 91 streets media technologies private limited’s affiliates may share / sell some or all of Your personal information with another business entity should 91 streets media technologies private limited (or 91 streets media technologies private limited’s assets) plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity, or re-organization, amalgamation, restructuring of business. Should such a transaction occur that other business entity (or the new combined entity) will be required to follow this privacy policy with respect to your Personal Information.

### 3\. Links to Third Party Websites

The Website provides third-party advertisements and links to other websites. 91 streets media technologies private limited does not provide any Personal Information to these third-party websites or advertisers.

91 streets media technologies private limited will contain links to other websites ("Linked Site") on the Website which are operated by third parties and are not controlled by, or affiliated to, or associated with, 91 streets media technologies private limited unless expressly specified on the Website. 91 streets media technologies private limited is not responsible for any form of transmission, whatsoever, received by You from any Linked Site. Accordingly, 91 streets media technologies private limited does not make any representations concerning the privacy practices or policies of such third parties or terms of use of such websites, nor does 91 streets media technologies private limited control or guarantee the accuracy, integrity, or quality of the information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, videos, messages or other materials available on such websites. The inclusion or exclusion does not imply any endorsement by 91 streets media technologies private limited of such website, the website's provider, or the information on the website. The information provided by You to such third party websites shall be governed in accordance with the privacy policies of such websites and it is recommended that You review the privacy policy on any such websites prior to using such websites. 

These third-party websites and advertisers may use technology to send the advertisements that appear on the Website directly to Your browser. In such cases, the third party websites or advertisers automatically receive Your IP address. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize advertising content. 91 streets media technologies private limited does not have access to or control over cookies or other features that such third party websites and advertisers may use, and the information practices of these third-party websites and advertisers are not covered by this Privacy Policy. Please contact them directly for more information about their privacy practices. 

### 4\. Security

91 streets media technologies private limited strives to ensure the security, integrity and privacy of Your Personal Information and to protect Your Personal Information against unauthorized access or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction. For this purpose, 91 streets media technologies private limited adopts internal reviews of the data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where 91 streets media technologies private limited stores Your personal data. 

91 streets media technologies private limited is not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive Your Personal Information. The Website is also linked to many other sites and we are not / shall be not responsible for their privacy policies or practices as it is beyond our control.

Notwithstanding anything contained in this Privacy Policy or elsewhere, 91 streets media technologies private limited shall not be held responsible for any loss, damage or misuse of Your Personal Information, if such loss, damage or misuse is attributable to a Force Majeure Event (as defined below).

A "Force Majeure Event" shall mean any event that is beyond the reasonable control of 91 streets media technologies private limited and shall include, without limitation, sabotage, fire, flood, explosion, acts of God, civil commotion, strikes or industrial action of any kind, riots, insurrection, war, acts of government, computer hacking, unauthorised access to computer data and storage device, computer crashes, breach of security and encryption, etc. 

### 5\. Retention

Unless specified otherwise in this Privacy Policy, 91 streets media technologies private limited will retain your information until You cancel Your Account, or until Your Account has been inactive for a year.

### 6\. Disclosure

91 streets media technologies private limited will use information only in accordance with this Privacy Policy under which the information was collected unless we have received explicit authorization.

91 streets media technologies private limited may disclose any information 91 streets media technologies private limited may have about You (including Your identity) if 91 streets media technologies private limited determines that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding Your use of the Website, or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) 91 streets media technologies private limited's rights or property, or the rights or property of users of the Website, including 91 streets media technologies private limited's customers and / or vendors. 91 streets media technologies private limited reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that 91 streets media technologies private limited deems necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. 91 streets media technologies private limited also may disclose Your information when 91 streets media technologies private limited determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes.

You acknowledge and agree that 91 streets media technologies private limited may preserve any communication by You with 91 streets media technologies private limited through the Website, and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law or if 91 streets media technologies private limited determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (1) comply with legal process; (2) enforce this Privacy Policy; (3) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others; or (4) protect the rights, property or personal safety of 91 streets media technologies private limited, its employees, users of, or visitors to, the Website, and the public.

### 7\. User Discretion

You can always choose not to provide information and in such cases, if the information required is classified as mandatory, You will not be able to avail of that part of the Services, features or content. 

You can add or update Your Personal Information on a regular basis. When You update information, 91 streets media technologies private limited will keep a copy of the prior version for its records.

91 streets media technologies private limited provides all Users with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving non-essential (promotional, marketing-related) communications from 91 streets media technologies private limited or on behalf of 91 streets media technologies private limited’s partners/affiliates, after setting up an account. If you want to remove your contact information from 91 streets media technologies private limited’s lists and newsletters, please visit unsubscribe at www.pharmeasy.in.

### 8\. General Provisions

this Privacy Policy This Policy should be at all times read along with the Terms of Use / Terms and Conditions of the Website.

Unless stated otherwise, the Policy applies to all information that 91 streets media technologies private limited has about You and Your account.

By using this Website and the products, content and services provided on the Website, You agree and acknowledge that Your Personal Information collected through the Website may be transferred across national boundaries and stored and processed anywhere around the world, even with third parties. You also acknowledge that in certain countries or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transfer, storage, and processing of Your information may be undertaken by trusted third party vendors or agents of 91 streets media technologies private limited such as, web hosting providers, communication services, and web analytic providers, to help facilitate 91 streets media technologies private limited in providing certain functions. 

91 streets media technologies private limited may make changes to this Privacy Policy, from time to time at 91 streets media technologies private limited's sole discretion or on account of changes in law or otherwise. 91 streets media technologies private limited may e-mail periodic reminders of the notices and conditions, unless You have instructed 91 streets media technologies private limited not to, but You should check the Website frequently to see recent changes. Notwithstanding the above, 91 streets media technologies private limited shall not be required to notify You of any changes made to this Privacy Policy. The revised Privacy Policy shall be made available on the Website. Your continued use of the Website, following changes to this Privacy Policy, will constitute Your acceptance of those changes. 

If You choose to visit the Website, Your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and the Website's Terms of Use / Terms and Conditions. In addition to the foregoing, any disputes arising under this Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of India. 

### 9\. Grievance Officer

In accordance with Information Technology Act, 2000 and rules made there under, the name and contact details of the Grievance Officer who can be contacted with respect to any complaints or concerns including those pertaining to breach of 91 streets media technologies private limited’s Terms of Use / Terms and Conditions, and other polices or questions, are set out hereunder:

Name of the Grievance Officer : Sanket Modak

E-mail Address : legal@pharmeasy.in

****
