> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the firetalk.com privacy policy that was archived on 2000-10-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20001018025626id_/http%3A//firetalk.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Firetalk - Privacy

  | 

**General Overview**

Firetalk Communications, Inc. is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of members of the Firetalk community and of visitors to the Firetalk Web site. One of our primary objectives is to provide a safe and secure environment for you to communicate with other Firetalk members using the suite of interactive tools that we provide. We are equally concerned about protecting any information you provide us. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you, as a welcome member of the Firetalk community: (1) what kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit the Firetalk Web site or use the Firetalk application, (2) how we may use that information, (3) whether we disclose it to anyone, (4) the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct the information and, (5) what security precautions are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information. Finally, please note that this policy applies only to Firetalk, not to any of our partners Web sites, or any other companies' or organizations' Web sites to which you may link from our Web site or through the Talk & Surf button on your Firetalk application. 

**What personal information does Firetalk collect?**

**Information collected during registration**   
Registering a Firetalk account is an easy two-step process. During step 1 of registration, Firetalk collects certain personal information from you including your e-mail address, the nickname you would like associated with your Firetalk account, your first and last name, birth date, gender, country of origin, and zip code. Furthermore, you have the option of providing us with additional information including your company's name (if applicable), occupation, the speed of your Internet connection, a favorite personal saying, where you heard about Firetalk, the number of children in your household, and whether you own your own business. This additional information is not required for you to obtain a Firetalk account. In order to complete step 1 of registration you must also carefully read and accept our Terms and Conditions. These are the general guidelines that govern your conduct as a member of the Firetalk community and we hope that you take them seriously. Step 2 of registration is entirely optional. If you choose, you may check the appropriate boxes in order to receive free promotional information via e-mail on topics of general interest to you. We also give you the opportunity to receive a one-time promotional e-mail about certain hot new products. Once you submit your registration information to Firetalk, we will e-mail you your Firetalk password and a Firetalk user ID. You are free to change your Firetalk password at any time. You will need both a Firetalk password and Firetalk user ID to log into the Firetalk service. Firetalk plans to derive a significant portion of its revenue from advertising. As a result, collecting this information during registration is important not only for purposes of effectively administering the Firetalk service but also for delivering more personalized advertisements to you and continuing to make the Firetalk service free to the Firetalk community. Firetalk shall collect data based on your responses to and interest in such advertising. 

**Additional Information**  
Firetalk may collect additional personal information from time to time in order to give you the opportunity: (i) to participate in special events, sweepstakes, contests or other Firetalk-sponsored promotions, or (ii) to fill out user surveys that we use for research purposes. Firetalk may retain in its database personal information collected from you during your participation in the above-listed opportunities and registration for an indefinite period of time. Also, Firetalk automatically updates software used in conjunction with its services. In order to periodically update versions of the Firetalk software, we first collect the user's current version information from their hard drive. This information is not archived by Firetalk and is only used to determine which software modules within the Firetalk application require updating. In addition, Firetalk's customer service representatives are instructed not to ask for personal information from our users through the Firetalk service. If we need additional information that you did not provide during registration (such as your telephone number or mailing address), we will ask you to send it to an e-mail address at Firetalk. However, you are under no obligation to provide such information. 

Currently, Firetalk only has one cookie on its Web site and it is used for a very limited purpose. Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. The use of cookies is an industry standard and you'll find them at most major Web sites. The cookie used by Firetalk on its Web site shows us whether you found out about Firetalk from one of our Internet advertisements. As a result, we are able to better determine how successful our advertising and promotional campaigns have been. This cookie immediately disappears from your hard drive as soon as you register a Firetalk account. Firetalk does not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie. Firetalk does not use cookies to identify specific individuals. You may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers. Firetalk does not control these cookies. The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard in the Internet industry. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. 

**With whom does Firetalk share your information?**  
We may provide personal information we collect from you to third-party advertisers to enable such parties to deliver advertisements and promotions to you through e-mail, the Firetalk Web site and the Firetalk application. In addition, if you acquire the Firetalk application from a third party (not [www.firetalk.com](http://www.firetalk.com/)) with whom you have an existing relationship (e.g. your Internet Service Provider), we may be required to provide that third party with your registration information, but only in the few exceptional cases where this is a contractual obligation between Firetalk and the third party and only in the case that the third party has agreed not to provide your personal information to another party without your prior written consent. Firetalk maintains publicly available user profiles as well, which may contain personally identifying information volunteered by members of the Firetalk community. Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, Firetalk will not disclose any of your personal information unless we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. 

**What does Firetalk do with the information it collects?**  
Firetalk may use personal information collected from its members to award prizes, track compliance with our Terms and Conditions, and serve advertisements that are tailored to your interests. In addition, Firetalk may disclose personally identifying information about you, your Firetalk account, or any content you provide through the Firetalk service to the appropriate authorities, if Firetalk believes in good faith that such action is reasonably necessary to enforce its End-User Software License Agreement, Terms and Conditions, Privacy Policy, copyright policy, to comply with the law, to comply with legal process, to operate its systems properly, or to protect the rights or property of itself, its members, its visitors, or others. As we mentioned above, you may check boxes during registration in order to control whether your e-mail address may be viewed by other members of the Firetalk community and determine whether we send you Firetalk news updates, free promotional information or additional information about Firetalk's partner program via e-mail. At any time, you may request to discontinue receiving e-mails (including Firetalk updates and free promotional information) by simply replying to the e-mail and specifying your desire to unsubscribe. If you do not want any of the information we collect to be shared with the third parties described in this Privacy Policy, you may decide not to use the Firetalk service. Also, please keep in mind that when you use voice and text chat during conference calls, moderated interactive broadcasts, in Firetalk Forums, on the Firetalk Web site or on any other Web site while using Talk & Surf, all information volunteered by you is displayed or broadcast publicly to the other Firetalk members who may be present at that time. 

**What is Firetalk's policy on allowing you to update, correct, or delete your personal information?**  
You may update the information you provide to Firetalk during registration at any time. Simply click on "Tools" in the toolbar of the Firetalk application, then "View/Modify Profile" and enter your password and you will be able to edit your personal information. In addition, if you are no longer interested in receiving Firetalk updates or free promotional e-mails pursuant to the interests you checked during registration, simply uncheck the applicable boxes and they will no longer be delivered to you. Although you may terminate your Firetalk account and uninstall the Firetalk software from your hard drive at any time, your personal information will remain in our database indefinitely. You also have choices with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. 

**What security precautions are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of any of the personal information under Firetalk's control?**  
Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, access to your personal information is password protected so that only you have access to this personal information. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. Whenever Firetalk handles personal information, we take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions. By checking the appropriate box during registration, you will be able to control whether such information may be viewed by other members of the Firetalk community and determine whether we send you Firetalk news updates or additional information about Firetalk's partner program. Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via e-mail or through the Firetalk application, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we use our best efforts to ensure its security on our systems. 

Firetalk is a communications service being made available to a wide-ranging general audience. However, the subject matter of many of the communications that take place using our service are inappropriate for young children. Currently, in an effort to comply with the Children's Online Privacy and Protection Act, we do not allow persons under the age of 13 to register a Firetalk account. At such time as we have a procedure in place for verifying the parental consent for persons under the age of 13, this Privacy Policy may change. 

By using this site and the Firetalk service, you signify your assent to the Firetalk Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the site or the Firetalk service. We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for amendments. Your continued use of Firetalk following the posting of amendments to these terms will mean you accept those amendments. For a full explanation of the terms and conditions for using this site, please see our End-User Software License Agreement and our Terms and Conditions. 

We continuously strive to do everything we can to protect the privacy of our users. Nonetheless, we are aware that evolving technologies present new challenges for user privacy. Please feel free to contact us with any concerns you may have at [support@firetalk.com](mailto:support@firetalk.com). WeŐll do our best to address them. 

|  
