> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the firstclasswatches.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2016-04-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160412224911id_/https%3A//www.firstclasswatches.co.uk/cookie_usage.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cookie & Privacy Policy - First Class Watches

At First Class Watches we value our customer's privacy. When placing an order we encrypt all your details during transmission and only share identifiable and personal details when it is necessary to process your order (for example payment providers, courier companies). Your personal details are kept only in connection with your order. All credit and debit card numbers are encrypted using industry standard SSL security before it is sent to us, so it cannot be seen by any unauthorised party. Sometimes anonymous details of transactions are shared with third parties to allow us to measure performance of advertising and affiliated partners (for example cashback and voucher websites) to allow us to provide better service. Your personal information is not shared with these companies.

Information gathered from the use of cookies and our website is stored by ourselves is stored either by IP address in the form of access logs or in connection with your customer account. For non-personal information stored by third parties such as for Google Analytics you are advised to consult their privacy policies for information on data collection and retention. We use the information provided by this service to optimise the speed and content of our website, as well as for marketing purposes. It includes but is not limited to web browser (and version), operating system, screen resolution, country and region, time of visit, pages visited and referring website such as Google or advertising partners. No personal information (eg. names, full address or telephone numbers) is made available to Google Analytics.

In some cases we may make personal information available to third parties where necessary, for example in connection with payment processing, delivery companies or the Google Trusted Stores programme.
