> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the firstmediaworks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080623214002id_/http%3A//www.firstmediaworks.com/article.asp%3Fid%3D109540) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MediaSpan Online Services

**MediaSpan Online Services' Privacy Statements**

MediaSpan Online Services has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting the privacy and security of personal information about our customers and others who visit our Web site. 

The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the MediaSpan Online Services Web site, mediaspanonline.com. If you have any questions or concerns that are not answered by this statement, please send e-mail to [info@mediaspanonline.com](mailto:info@mediaspanonline.com). MediaSpan Online Services collects information throughout our Web site, including site statistics, domain names, and/or IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. 

MediaSpan Online Services retains the content of e-mail you send us, your e-mail address, and our responses in order to handle any follow-up questions you may have. Our site's registration forms may require you to give us contact information (like your name, postal, and e-mail address) and financial information (like your bank account or credit card numbers). We use the contact information from these forms, as appropriate in the normal course of our business, to send requested information about our company, products or services, or to contact you when necessary. Financial information that is collected is used to bill you for products and services that you request. 

This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Only authorized MediaSpan Online Services employees are permitted to have access to your personal information and such access is limited by need. Under no circumstances will MediaSpan Online Services sell any personally identifiable information to any third party for any reason. We may, however, share personal information with our business partners for the sole purpose of delivering products and services that you have requested. We may also release specific personal information to comply with valid legal processes such as criminal investigations, search warrants, subpoenas, or court orders. This site contains links to other Web sites. MediaSpan Online Services is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites. If you have any reason to believe that your personal information retained by MediaSpan Online Services is incorrect, please send e-mail to [info@mediaspanonline.com](mailto:info@mediaspanonline.com). Your concern will be investigated and, if appropriate, our records will be updated. Alternatively, you can use the appropriate link on e-mailed marketing materials for immediate correction of your information.
