> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the firststoptv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111114004404id_/http%3A//firststoptv.com/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Watch TV Online - TV Shows - Episodes, Seasons - FirstStopTv

firststoptv.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.  

We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should always check this page to ensure that you are happy with any changes. 

What we collect: We may collect the following information: name, contact information including email address, etc.  

Use of Information: We require this information to provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: to facilitate a specific request on our site, for example, to post a comment on our blog or to subscribe to our email feed. All emails or feed subscriptions from this site allow you to opt out of further mailings. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.  

Use of Cookies: A cookie is a small file placed on your computer\\\''s hard drive which helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. Third parties such as our advertisers may also place cookies on your browser in the course of serving ads to you based on your visit to our site and other sites on the internet.

Facebook Connect: Facebook connect is a feature provided by Facebook.com that allows current Facebook members to link their account to firststoptv.com. This method does not store any physical password at our servers but instead provide a secure and fast connection to our members area.

Links to other websites: Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

Legal Disclaimer: No video content is held on our servers and we, firststoptv.com, are in no way affiliated with the video content. The video content that is displayed originates from social video websites, such as, but not limited to Veoh, YouTube, Dailymotion and Myspace TV. In case of copyright infringement, please directly contact the responsible parties. firststoptv.com operates as an index and database of content found publicly available on the internet, in principle conducting in the same way as Google, Yahoo, or Sidereel. Users who upload to these websites agree not to upload illegal content when creating their user accounts. firststoptv.com does not accept responsibility for content hosted on third party websites, nor do we encourage others to do so. The videos are streamed directly from the third-party video sharing services mentioned above. All other trademarks, logos, and images are the property of their respective and rightful owners.All Youtube/Veoh/Megavideo/Googlevideo/etc. users signed a contract with the sites when they set up their accounts which forces them not to upload illegal content. By clicking on any Links to videos while surfing on firststoptv.com, you watch content hosted on third parties and firststoptv.com cannot take the responsibility for any content hosted on other sites. We do not promote any illegal conduct of any kind. Links to the videos are submitted by users and managed by users. 
