> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sneakerfreaker.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180829000516id_/https%3A//www.sneakerfreaker.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Sneaker Freaker

## Privacy Policy

Sneaker Freaker Pty Ltd (Sneaker Freaker International) is committed to protecting the privacy of end users of Sneaker Freaker International content, and wherever possible endeavors to provide a safe and secure environment for visitors to the website. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you about the kinds of information we may gather from you when you visit sneakerfreaker.com, including how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to any third parties, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, said information. This privacy policy also applies to all other Internet-accessible  Sneaker Freaker International-branded services, unless specified otherwise. Please note that this policy applies solely to Sneaker Freaker International and not to any other companies' or organistions' websites to which we link.

**Information About All Sneaker Freaker International Users and Visitors  
** Our site automatically gathers certain usage information, such as the number of visitors and the frequency of visits to sneakerfreaker.com. We only use such data in the aggregate. This data helps us to determine how much our users use specific parts of the site. It helps us improve our site and ensure that it is as appealing as possible to as many as possible. For example, Sneaker Freaker International uses "cookies" that tell us how and when pages in our site are visited, and by how many people. These cookies do not collect personally identifiable information and we do not combine information collected through cookies with other personally identifiable information to tell us who you are. We may provide Sneaker Freaker International partners with statistical information about how our users collectively use our internet sites, but this never contains any personal information about you. We do this so partners too can understand the degree to which users are interacting with and using certain areas of our site, in order to provide you with the best possible Web experience. Finally, sneakerfreaker.com, its advertisers and ad servers may also use cookies, as well as "web beacons" or "clear gifs," to determine – on an anonymous basis – which advertisements and promotions users have seen and how users have responded to them. These technologies are not used to collect personally identifiable information unless you have given us permission to do so.

**Information About You  
** If you are a sneakerfreaker.com subscriber, when you visit sneakerfreaker.com you may obtain access to features of the Sneaker Freaker International Internet service that contain personal information, such as email. Additionally, we may specifically ask for information about you when you sign up to use our services, or when you order Sneaker Freaker International content. We will need certain information – such as a name, Internet address, billing address, type of computer, and credit card number – in order to provide you with that service or content. We may also use that information to let you know about additional products and services that we think might interest you. You can choose not to receive such information by following the prompts on the registration screen when you sign up for the product or service. We also may use cookie technology in order to improve your experience, including to maintain your preferences or customised settings when you use sneakerfreaker.com and its related services, and to authenticate your access to your personal information.

**Disclosure  
** We do not use or disclose information about your individual visits to sneakerfreaker.com nor information that you may give us on sneakerfreaker.com, such as your name, address, email or telephone number, to any external companies. However, sneakerfreaker.com reserves the right to share such information in response to legal processes, such as court orders or subpoenas, or in special circumstances such as those relating to a physical threat to you or others. And, as mentioned in previous sections, we may share information with our website partners, including aggregated statistical "ratings" about the use of sneakerfreaker.com and any Sneaker Freaker International services. 

**Young Users of sneakerfreaker.com  
** Sneaker Freaker International takes extra care to protect the safety and privacy of young people using our websites and services. Sneaker Freaker International is a general audience site and we do not knowingly collect information about children.

**SNEAKER FREAKER INTERNATIONAL Privacy Policy Changes  
** We reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time. This includes changes to what kinds of information we gather, how we gather it, how we intend to use it and to whom we may disclose it. However, any changes made to our privacy policy will be posted on sneakerfreaker.com, so you will have an opportunity to review any changes to our practices as soon as they occur.

If you have any questions or concerns regarding Sneaker Freaker International, sneakerfreaker.com or our services, please contact us.
