> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the letote.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-09-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130915185552id_/http%3A//letote.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy-policy

TERMS OF USE AND PRIVACY POLICY

LE TOTE works to ensure your privacy is protected when using our services. We therefore have a policy setting out how your personal data will be processed and protected. Any changes we have made to this data policy can be found by visiting our website (www.letote.com)

## Personal details

We take responsibility for all the personal data – such as your name, address, e-mail address and date of birth – that you provide us with or that we obtain through purchases or rental, subscribe to our service or when you create a personal account on letote.com.

These details are kept within the LE TOTE acting as the party responsible for your personal data under US Law. LE TOTE maintains and processes your personal data in the US and we also take great responsibility for all the personal data that we find out on recruitment or in competitions. We do our best to provide you with a safe and convenient shopping experience. We have in place certain physical, electronic, contractual, and managerial safeguards to protect the security and privacy of your personal information. When you enter your personal information on our websites, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect your information as it is transmitted to us. These details are processed within the country organization where you have directed your application while the data is stored in the US. Your country organization is also the party responsible for your personal data under the Data Protection Act of that specific jurisdiction. If you have any questions regarding your application and your personal details, please contact the LE TOTE organization at www.letote.com.

## LE TOTE will NOT pass NOR sell your personal details to third parties.

Why do we take your details and what are they used for? We use the information that we collect to fulfill our commitments to you and to provide you with the service that you expect. This includes sending you information and offers for marketing purposes. In registering your interest/making an application you consent to our processing your personal details in a recruitment process. We will only store your details subsequently with your consent.

It is LE TOTE’s policy not to request sensitive information from applicants via our website. Therefore do not submit sensitive information (e.g. racial/ethnic origin, political views, religious/philosophical convictions, membership of trade unions, health, sex life) when you register your interest or send any application to us regarding any career information, information requests or for any other purposes.

During our sign up process we require you to provide some specific data about you which may include, but not be limited to, names, contact email, dress size, top size, demographic information and zip code in accordance with our terms of use Terms and Conditions. We use this information to contact you about the products and services. If you decide that you do not want to receive these emails, please “unsubscribe” to the emails and we will do make our best efforts to take you off the list at the earliest, likely within 5-7 business days. Additionally, by using letote.com and by giving us your personal information as requested in the forms, you agree to indemnify, hold harmless and defend LE TOTE and its officers, directors, agents and affiliates from any claims, damages, losses, liabilities, and all costs and expenses of defense, including but not limited to, attorneys' fees, resulting directly or indirectly from a claim by a third party that is based on your use of this web site in violation of these terms. LE TOTE’s website(s) and all related webpages including any blogs or other related sites that are the property of LE TOTE, is available for consumers globally to browse without revealing to LE TOTE your identity or providing any specific personal information about yourself. However, there are certain rules as per LE TOTE’s sign up process that will require you to provide additional information to access certain pages. Once that information is provided to us, you understand that you are no longer anonymous. We may track your behavior and movements on our LE TOTE Website and we may use this information for internal research on our users’ behavior, demographics, interests, to better understand, protect and service our customers or potential customers. We only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for making your experience with LE TOTE a much more personalized one. We cannot be held liable for breaches of integrity or content on these websites - we simply provide the links to make it easier for people visiting our site to find more information within specific areas.
