> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fragrantjewels.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606185617id_/https%3A//www.fragrantjewels.com/pages/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – Fragrant Jewels

Fragrant Jewels ("Company," "we," "our," "us") knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared. We take your privacy seriously and want to outline the measures we employ in safeguarding your personal information. By visiting the fragrantjewels.com website, and any other linked pages, features, content, or application services offered from time to time by Company in connection therewith (collectively, the "Website"),  using any of our services, or purchasing any of our products, you acknowledge that you have read and accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy covers Company's treatment of personally identifiable information  that Company gathers when you are accessing Company's Website,  using Company services, or purchasing Company products ("Personal Information").  

**Your Profile Information**

The Personal Information we gather from customers enables us to personalize and improve our services, and to allow our users to set up a user profile, make purchases, and otherwise interact with the Website. We collect Personal Information from you when you submit it to the Website or otherwise voluntarily provide us with such information, such as when you make a purchase, participate in one of our sweepstakes or promotions, or contact us with inquiries.   **By voluntarily providing us with Personal Information, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.** For example, this information may be disclosed to specific members of our staff and to select third parties (such as our credit card processor and shipping provider) involved in the completion of your transaction and delivery of your order. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features, and you may not be able to complete a purchase through the Company Website. We may use your email address to notify you about the Company deals or to inform you of your order placement, order status and/or shipping information. You  may notify us to opt-out from receiving these emails. In addition, we may keep a record of your past purchases, returns, and credits. We may also ask you for information regarding your personal preferences and demographics to help us better meet your needs. Users of our Website  must be at least 18 years old; any user under 18 is not unauthorized. Additionally,  we do not knowingly  collect any Personal Information from children under 13 years of age.  We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Information on this Site without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to Company through this Website, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.

You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact information provided to us.  You agree to notify us of any changes to your mobile number and update your account us to reflect this change. Your carrier may prohibit or restrict certain Mobile Features and certain Mobile Features may be incompatible with your carrier or mobile device. Contact your carrier with questions regarding these issues.  If you sign up to receive SMS or MMS messages from Company, you may unsubscribe from any SMS or MMS messages received by replying “STOP”.

**Automatically Collected Information**

Upon engaging the Company Website or services, the Company automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including but not limited to your IP address, the type of browser being used, cookie information, the page you requested, duration of activity on our site and any items you may purchase. Company may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by Company affiliates, agents or service providers. This information may be used to customize the content you see on our Website or to communicate with you about special offers. These statistics do not identify you personally, but provide us information regarding the type of user who is accessing our Website and certain browsing activities of that user. We may make extensive use of this data at an aggregated level in order to understand, among other things, how our Company Website is being used. Company may share this aggregate data with its affiliates, agents and business partners.  Company may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to current and prospective business partners, and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.  Please note that we have the ability to retain any data that you provide on our Website(s), even if you do not complete your registration/transaction by clicking submit/next. For example, such contact details and data may be used to contact you to inquire why you did not complete your registration or transaction. 

**Cookies**

Like most other transactional Websites, we use "cookies" to improve your shopping experience and to save you time. Cookies are little tags that are placed onto your computer. We assign a cookie to your computer when you first visit us in order to enable us to recognize you each time you return. Cookies allows us to customize our website to your individual preferences in order to create a more personalized shopping experience. On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Website’s features.

**Sharing of Personal Information**

Company is not in the business of selling your information. We share your Personal Information only in  accordance with this Privacy Policy. We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and from time to time share your information with them to provide products or services to you. We restrict access to your Personal Information to those employees, contractors, or other agents of Company who need to know such information to provide products or services to you, such as third-parties who assist in fulfilling your purchase of Company products. Company may be forced to disclose information in order to comply with a subpoena, court order, administrative or governmental order, or any other requirement of law, or when Company, in its sole discretion, deems it necessary in order to protect its rights or the rights of others, to prevent harm to persons or property, to fight fraud and credit risk, or to enforce or apply Company Website  [Terms and Conditions](http://www.fragrantjewels.com/pages/terms-and-conditions).  

** ** **How We Protect Your Personal Information**

Company takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Information provided via the Site from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, no Internet or e-mail transmission is ever fully secure or error free. In particular, e-mail sent to or from this Website may not be secure. Therefore, you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us via e-mail. Please keep this in mind when disclosing any Personal Data to Company via the Internet. Your Company account Personal Information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You  are responsible for protecting against unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. When Company's order form asks users to enter Personal Information such as a credit card number, that information is encrypted with industry-standard Secure Socket Layers ("SSL") encryption to keep your online order safe and secure. Company also maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect your Personal Information. Company endeavors to protect user information to ensure that user account information is kept private. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on this website. 

**Exclusions**

This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information collected by Company other than Personal Information collected through the Website. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to Company through this Website or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Site, such as reviews (collectively, “Public Areas”), any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and Company shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution.

**Links to Other Web Sites**

This Privacy Policy applies only to the Website. This Website may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by Company (the “Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from this Website do not imply that Company endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.

**Other Terms and Conditions**

Your access to and use of this Site is subject to the Website’s [Terms and Conditions](http://www.fragrantjewels.com/pages/terms-and-conditions).

**Changes In Policy**

Company may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. You acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is part of the Terms  and Conditions and you unconditionally agree that using this Website signifies your  agreement to be bound by it. Your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this policy and our Terms  and Conditions, including limitations on damages and binding arbitration. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website or sending you an email. Your continued use of the Site after any changes or revisions to this Privacy Policy shall indicate your agreement with the terms of such revised Privacy Policy.

**Assignment**

Neither this Agreement, nor any rights, interests, obligations, claims, demands, or causes of action arising out of or related to your Personal Information, this Agreement, or any of the transactions hereunder, may be assigned, delegated or transferred in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise by Customer without the prior written consent of Company.  Company may assign or delegate this Agreement, or any of its rights or obligations hereunder, including but not limited to rights to your Personal Information, without your written consent to an affiliate or to a corporation or other business entity succeeding to all or substantially all the assets and business of Company to which this Agreement relates by merger, purchase or otherwise.   Company may also assign its rights to receive monies hereunder without your consent.  Any attempted assignment, delegation or transfer without such consent shall be null and void.  Subject to the foregoing provisions, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

**Access to Information; Contacting Company**

To keep your Personal Information accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. We will take reasonable steps to update or correct Personal Information in our possession that you have previously submitted via this Site. If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy at Company site, please send us a detailed message to support@fragrantjewels.com and we will make every effort to resolve your concerns.

Effective Date: July 6, 2014

Fragrant Jewels LLC

2417 E. 24th Street

Los Angeles, California 90058

**Your California Privacy Rights**

Applicable California privacy legislation permits visitors who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request to access such information, please contact us at the above email.  Within thirty (30) days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of personal information disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified above.
