> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the frantastique.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140227094414id_/http%3A//www.frantastique.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Personalized online French lessons

###   
Personal data protection

A9 SAS (hereafter called "the COMPANY") informs you (hereafter called "the User") that personal information may be collected. The information collected will be that which is required to allow the COMPANY's services to function correctly. Whatever the nature or the source of such information, the COMPANY commits not to divulge any information to a third party without the express approval of the person concerned, except in those cases where the Law allows it or if the correct functioning of the Site or of its services requires it. The COMPANY commits that personal information will be held and treated in accordance with the French Data Protection Act (la Loi Informatique et Libertées of 6th January, 1978) In accordance with this law, You have the right to access, to modify, to correct and to delete any personal data held by the COMPANY. This right can be exercised at any time by writing to the following address: A9 SAS - Service des données personnelles, 16A boulevard de Reuilly -75012 Paris, France. Furthermore, the User may recommend the COMPANY'S Site and services to a third party. If the User sends the family name, first name and email address of such a third party to the COMPANY, the COMPANY commits to keeping this information confidential and to using it for proposing the Site and its services to that third party.

### Cookies

To ensure correct technical functioning of the COMPANY's Site and services, use is made of cookies, small text files downloaded onto the User's computer through his web browser. Such cookies will be kept on your computer for a maximum of three (3) years. You can configure your web browser so that it refuses such storing of cookies. Such modification may induce changes in some functions on the Site or in some of the COMPANY's services.

### Unsubscribing

All users present in our database can choose not to receive any more e-mails from the COMPANY (be they lessons or information e-mails) by clicking the 'unsubscribe' link at the bottom of our e-mails. Additionally, all a user's settings (including when/if lessons are sent and the agreement to receive newsletters) is available via each user's personalized Workbook from the moment they subscribe to the Test. The Workbook can be accessed via a link present in each lesson.

### Google Analytics

This site uses Google Analytics, a web analysis tool provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help in analysing usage of a site by its users. The information generated by these cookies concerning your use of the site (including your computer's IP address) will be stored by Google on servers in the United States of America. Google will use such information to evaluate your usage of the site, to send reports on the site's activity to the developer of the site and to provide other services concerning site activity and Internet usage. Google may communicate this information to a third party if required to by law or when any such third party processes this information on behalf of Google, in particular by the developer of this site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other information in Google's possession. You may deactivate the use of cookies using the appropriate settings of your web browser. However, doing this may prevent you from using certain functions provided by this site. By using this website, you expressly agree to Google processing your personal data under the conditions and for the purposes described above.
