> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fraternityx.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140409142715id_/http%3A//fraternityx.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FraternityX - Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

Your privacy is very important to Michael Gilbert. The following Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, and safeguard the information you provide to us through the FraternityX.com web site and its related features and functions. Michael Gilbert ("Company" or "we"), the owner and operator of FraternityX.com, its web site and associated computer functions (hereafter the "Site"), is committed to respecting and safeguarding your privacy online, as set forth in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy sets forth the policies and practices of the Company with respect to information and other data that is received or gathered regarding visitors to, and members, subscribers and other users of, the Site and services provided by or related to the Site. The use of the terms "visitor", "member", "subscriber" and "Site user" shall, depending on your status, mean and otherwise refer to you. The term "Third Party Program Participants" shall mean merchants, advertisers, promoters, content providers and others that the Company contracts with to provide goods and services via programs and Offers (as that term is defined below) available to Site users. BEFORE YOU BEGIN OR CONTINUE TO USE THE SITE, OR ANY SERVICES OR FUNCTIONALITY PROVIDED BY OR THROUGH THE SITE, PLEASE CAREFULLY READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY. THIS PRIVACY POLICY CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION. IT IS ALSO VERY IMPORTANT THAT YOU FULLY UNDERSTAND OUR POLICY BECAUSE BY YOUR USE OR CONTINUED USE OF THIS SITE OR ANY OF ITS RELATED SERVICES YOU WILL BE EXPRESSLY SIGNIFYING THAT YOU AGREE TO THIS POLICY IN ITS ENTIRETY AND THAT YOU AGREE TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION THAT YOU SUPPLY OR THAT IS COLLECTED ABOUT YOU, INCLUDING PERSONAL INFORMATION, AS DETAILED IN THIS POLICY STATEMENT. ONLY ADULTS ARE AUTHORIZED TO USE THIS SITE. AUTHORIZED ACCESS AND USE OF THE SITE, ITS DATABASES AND FUNCTIONALITY IS LIMITED TO PERSONS OVER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN YEARS, AND SUCH ACCESS AND USE IS LIMITED BY OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS. THE COMPANY DOES NOT KNOWINGLY SEEK OR COLLECT ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OTHER DATA FROM ANY PERSONS UNDER THE AGE OF EIGHTEEN YEARS. IF YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND OR DO NOT EXPRESSLY AGREE WITH ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND OUR TERMS AND CONDITIONS YOU SHOULD NOT USE THIS SITE OR THE SERVICES OFFERED OR OTHERWISE PROVIDED BY OR THROUGH THIS SITE.

1\. Information Security Michael Gilbert is dedicated to the protection of Site users' information. To prevent unauthorized access to information provided to us, the Company uses a number of generally accepted industry standard procedures designed to effectively safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information. These procedures include secure server location, controlled access to data and equipment, robust redundant firewall software, network monitoring, adaptive analysis of network traffic to track and prevent attempted network intrusions and other network abuse and appropriate employee training in the area of data security. We shall continue to take reasonable steps to provide effective data protection at all times; however, because no security technology can provide invulnerability to information compromise, the Company cannot, and does not, guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to us or to any third party affiliated with the Site. 2\. Visitor, Subscriber, Member, and User Information When you visit or use this Site, including, for example, when you click on any of our links, we will collect and store in one or more of our databases, one or more of the following types of information ("Data"): your IP address (the domain name or other locator indicating your access to the Internet); the IP address of the Website from which you linked to our site operating system; browser data; email address data; the date and time you access our Site and its functions, and any other accessible online user, biometric or device information. We will often collect Data at several points throughout the Site, its links and through related functionality. We use Data to measure the number of visitors to the different sections of our Site, to help us make our site more useful to visitors, to measure the amount of traffic generated through our affiliate network, to generate usage statistics, to ensure email reaches intended destinations, to generate special offers and advertisements which we may present to you, to provide our marketing partners, affiliates, licensees, purchasers and successors in interest with accurate Data and to prevent fraud. The only personally-identifying information we collect and store about you is the information you voluntarily choose to provide to us, such as your name, e-mail address, address, zip code, telephone number, etc., in response to a specific prompt that requires you to initially enter the information. In addition, we, our agents, affiliates, Third Party Program Participants and others may ask you to voluntarily provide additional personal information for billing, shipping and other similar purposes. When a visitor, member, subscriber, or other Site user requests web pages from the Site's server, clicks on banners or other links or otherwise uses the Site's services or other functionalities, we or our agents may automatically collect some information or data about the user and the user's Site use, including the IP address from which the Site is being accessed, the pages or links that were requested, the special preferences or requests of the user and cookie information received from the computer of the user. You agree that all such information and other Data may be collected and used by the Site and its agents. When any Site user signs-on as a member or subscriber of this Site or related services, that person will be required to provide certain personal as well as demographic information. Such Optional Information may include, but is not necessarily limited to, the subscriber's name, address, birthday, e-mail address, gender, marital status, occupation, education, credit card number and expiration date of the credit card, username and password, and special interests or affiliations. The Company's Internet Payment Service Provider may collect any and all such Optional Information and include it in its databases with Data and other information. If a visitor, member, subscriber, or other Site user sends any personal communication or correspondence, by any means, to the Site, the Company or any of its employees, agents or representatives, we may collect, in databases and otherwise, and use, any and all such information and other Data regarding that communication, consistent with this privacy policy. 3\. Cookies We use cookies for your convenience. For example, we use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate and otherwise use our Site. Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored by a user's Web browser on the user's hard drive. Cookies can be used to "remember" what information a user accesses on one Web page to simplify subsequent interactions with that Web site by the same user or to use the information to streamline the user's transactions on related Web pages. This makes it easier for a user to move between and interact with Web pages and to complete commercial transactions over the Internet. The Site also uses cookies to store and sometimes track information to make your online experience easier and more personalized and for other purposes related to your use of the Site and related services. For example, because a cookie can be linked to information you have input or which has otherwise been collected, the need to repetitively enter certain information, such as your username or email address, can be eliminated. The use of cookies also assists us in acquiring important Site usage Data. Cookies can also assist us in tracking and targeting the interests, preferences and desires of our Site users to present the most appropriate messages, offers and other communications to our users, and to generally enhance their experience at our Site. Currently, there are two general types of cookies commonly used in association with typical Web sites including our Site: "session" cookies and "persistent" cookies. A session or "session ID" cookie is functional only during the current "session" use of your browser, i.e., it ceases to function when you log off or close your browser. A "persistent" cookie remains on your hard drive beyond the current browser session. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "Help" file. We use both session cookies and persistent cookies. We also use persistent cookies to track the actions of our users to enhance the experience on our site and to more effectively communicate Offers, promotional data and other useful information to you. At the present time, we intend to also adopt and use helpful future cookie technology, and similar types of technologies, as they become available. We may implement any and all such new technologies and similar improvements to Site functionality without notice. We may also track special offers, promotions and other advertising delivered by us, and your responses to them, by using cookies. This helps us reduce the number of offers that might not be interesting to you. We also use cookies to help us credit persons who referred or introduced you to us. The Site may also automatically collect traffic and click-through data as well as information regarding the online behavior of subscribers and other Site users by the use of cookies or other programming means. Any and all information about Site users collected by the Company, or its agents or affiliates via the Site or otherwise, through the use of cookies or other programming means may be freely included in our databases and used in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. Some of our Third Party Program Participants, advertisers, agents and others use cookies on or in association with our Site. We have no access to or control over these cookies. We may also allow third-party service providers to deliver special offers or services to Site users and to control the use of their cookies on your computer. Since such providers may set, access, and otherwise control their cookies on your computer, we urge you to consult their privacy policies as they pertain to use of their cookies and the data collected from such use. Most major Web browsers are set up so that they will initially accept cookies, but you may modify your computer's preferences to issue you an alert when a cookie is downloaded, or to disable the ability of third parties to download a cookie to you. If you choose to reject cookies, or disable your computer's ability to receive or process them, there are areas of this Site, other related web sites and related services that may not function properly. For example, you may not be able to view or interact with parts of the Site or access some of the services or offers otherwise available on the Site. 4\. Log Files The Company and Third Party Program Participants, through the functionality of the Site, related sites and related services, gather Data and other information regarding Site navigation and Site use from cookies and other means and store such information in log files and other databases. This Data and similar information includes date and time recordation data, Internet protocol (IP) addresses, Internet service provider (ISP) data, referring or exit pages, your computer's operating system and components, such as your browser type, and other data. While this information generally does not directly identify individual users, it does provide us with Data and other broad demographic information. We use this information for a number of purposes including Site usage analysis, analysis of Site navigation by users, determining and analyzing overall user preferences and user trends, Site administration, and general improvement and optimization of Site efficiency and effectiveness and user communications, including promotions to users. 5\. Use of Personal Information and Disclaimer We will use information collected from you to verify identity, protect against fraud, update and service your account, target and personalize future Offers that we may display on or in association with the Site and in our communications with you. By your use or continued use of the Site and/or its services, you expressly agree that the Company, via the Site and otherwise may use any and all Data, Optional Information and all other information that it or its agents gather or collect directly or indirectly pertaining to you, including, without limitation, any personal information that has been provided by you, your computer or other device, or information provided by a third party, for any and all technical, administrative, research, development, customer assistance, age verification, marketing, promotion and advertising uses, for the transmission of communications of every kind, including, without limitation, email communications of every kind, for the sending of products, for fulfillment purposes, and for compliance with any and all terms and conditions. By your use or continued use of the Site and/or its services, you agree that the Company is not responsible or liable for the use of any information that you or any other visitor, member, subscriber or other Site user may provide to any other person or entity, or that is gathered by any third-party, including, without limitation, any Third Party Program Participant, by any means. This Site does not control, monitor or endorse the information gathering practices or Privacy Policies of any third-party, and you acknowledge that such third parties and their web sites may, and probably do, have privacy policies that are different from this Privacy Policy. Whenever applicable, you and all other visitors, members, subscribers and other Site users are strongly advised to read the Privacy Policy of any and all third-party web site providers that have one or more advertising banners, or links on the Site, or on the web site of any Third Party Program Provider, and of any entity that provides goods or services at, through or in direct or indirect association with the Site. All Members, visitors and Users of this Site should consider any information provided to or collected by the Site as non-confidential, and consequently the Site assumes no liability or responsibility if any information relating to any Member, visitor or User is intercepted and/or used by an unintended recipient. 6\. Disclosure The Company will not disclose or use any of your personally identifiable information except to the extent set forth in this Privacy Policy, or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it, or when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating the Site's Terms and Conditions, defrauding the Company or any third party, including any Third Party Program Participant. The Company will disclose your personal information, without notice, to a party unrelated to the Company if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with the law, legal process served on the Company or a Third Party Program Participant, to protect the rights or property of the Company or a Third Party Program Participant, or in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the public at large. All unsolicited information provided to the Company or any affiliated party, including, without limitation, any Third Party Program Participant, entirely on the initiative of a person providing the information or that person's agent, or any information which is provided independently of any request by the Company or its affiliates shall be deemed to be public information regarding which neither the Company nor any other person or entity has any duty to the information provider or any other person, and as such, the Company may use such unsolicited information in an unlimited manner. 7\. Protection of Children The Company and Third Party Program Participants do not publish any content or Offers on the Site that are targeted to children. We do not specifically collect information about children. The Company and Third Party Program Participants do not solicit and do not knowingly accept subscriptions, memberships, or acceptances of Offers from persons under the age of eighteen years. If minors have access to your computer or email, we ask that you take appropriate measures to prevent such minors from accessing or using the Site or any of our Company's services as they are exclusively offered and restricted to, and only authorized for, adults over the age of eighteen years. 8\. Revisions to this Privacy Policy The Company reserves the right, in its sole and absolute discretion, to revise, amend, modify or revoke this Privacy Policy at any time and in any manner. Changes to this Policy will be effective by posting revisions on the Site. 
