> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fratmusic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920070129id_/http%3A//fratmusic.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Fratmusic.com | Party Music Internet Radio

The following Privacy Policy summarizes the various ways that ("Fratmusic", "we" or "our") collects information, and what we do with the information you provide while using www.fratmusic.com ("Website"). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. You can access the Privacy Policy any time at http://www.fratmusic.com/pages/privacy/ Your use of the Website and/or registration with Fratmusic will constitute your agreement to this Privacy Policy. If you cannot agree with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website. In addition to reviewing this Privacy Policy, please read the http://www.fratmusic.com/pages/terms/. This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time; the date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page, so check back often. Continued access of the Website by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Privacy Policy. 

## Children 

This Website is not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. No one under age 13 is allowed to use this Website. 

## The Type of Information the Website Collects 

In order to register with the Website, you will have to provide a username, password, and valid e-mail address. The Website collects personally identifying information with your specific knowledge and consent. Optional information such as your school, sorority/fraternity, may also be provided by you. Our servers may also automatically collect information about your computer when you visit the Website, including without limitation the type of browser software you use, the operating system you are running, the website that referred you, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. 

## How the Website Uses Information Provided by You 

Fratmusic uses your user username and password to grant you access to and use of the Website. Your e-mail address will be used, at your request, to send you a copy of your user name and password. If you provide personally identifiable information, it will be used to provide you with the service you have requested. We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, products or services, and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs. We also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services, such as technical maintenance, but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services. We may also provide your information to our advertisers, so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests. While Fratmusic will seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided, Fratmusic does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties. We may also disclose appropriate information, including personally identifiable information, in order to cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings, including, for example, in response to subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, or other legal process. In addition, we reserve the right to use the information we collect, which may at times be able to identify you, for any lawful business purpose, including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, and to otherwise administer our Website. While your personally identifying information is protected as outlined above, we reserve the right to use, transfer, sell, and share aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group for any business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers and partners. In addition, as our business changes, we may buy or sell various assets. In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by Fratmusic are sold, assigned, transferred or acquired by another company, the information from and/or about our Website users may be among the transferred assets. 

## Cookies 

“Cookies" are small amounts of code that are placed on your computer. We may use cookies to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns on the site, to deliver editorial content, and to record registration and personalization information. Our cookies may contain personally identifiable information and such cookies may be shared with our affiliates and other companies. Some of our advertisers occasionally serve you cookies as well. We do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers. We may also use advertising service vendors to help present advertisements on the Website. These vendors may use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited, to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. In doing so, these vendors may collect non-personal data such as your browser type, your operating system, Web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, and other clickstream data. The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by these advertising service vendors is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours, and Fratmusic disclaims all liability in connection therewith. If you do not want the benefits of these advertising cookies, you may be able to opt-out by visitinghttp://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp. If you don't want any cookies, your Web browser likely includes an option that allows you to not accept them. However, if you set your browser to refuse cookies, some portions of the Website may not function properly. 

## Information Security and Notification 

Because no data transmission over the Internet is completely secure, and no system of physical or electronic security is impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of the information you send to us or the security of our servers or databases, and by using the Website you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information sent to us or collected by us when you use the Website. In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If notification is appropriate, we may notify you by e-mail (provided we have your e-mail address). 

## Contact 

If you have any concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy, please feel free to contact us at the following e-mail address: contact@fratmusic.com 
