> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 80.lv privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160626090148id_/https%3A//80.lv/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy Test

This Privacy Policy was last modified on November 19’ 2015. 80.LV LLC. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates 80.lv (the “Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information, including personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”), we receive from users of the Site.

We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

Your privacy is critically important to us. At 80.LV we have a few fundamental principles:

  * We don’t ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can’t stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.)
  * We don’t share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights.
  * We don’t store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services.



## Website Visitors

Like most website operators, we collect non-Personal Information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Our purpose in collecting non-Personal Information is to better understand how our visitors use our website. From time to time, we may release non-Personal Information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

## Gathering of Personal Information

Certain visitors to the site choose to interact with us or our users in ways that require us to gather Personal Information. For instance, when the website hosts events which might require authentication of social media accounts, we may be given access to certain personal information. The amount and type of information that we gather depends on the nature of the interaction. In each case, we collect such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with us or other users. We do not disclose Personal Information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply Personal Information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

## Aggregated Statistics

We may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. 80.LV may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, 80.LV does not disclose Personal Information other than as described below.

## Protection of Certain Personal Information

We disclose Personal Information only to our employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on our behalf or to provide services available at our websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using our websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. We will not rent or sell Personal Information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, we disclose Personal Information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our property or rights, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of the Site and have supplied your email address, we may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with 80.LV and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. We take all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of Personal Information.

We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from Children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Information through the Site. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us through the Site, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete any stored information from our databases.

## Comment Service and Account Information

In order to further enhance the user experience, we allow users to comment on the Site, enabling users to discuss and contribute to topics posted on the Site. Users have the option of signing up for this service, and to do so must submit validation information, e.g. Google+, Facebook, Twitter login information. This information is not verified by us directly and is only shared with us in accordance with the Privacy Policy of the third party platform on an as needed basis. If such Personal Information is shared with us, it is only used to screen out users who leave comments which may be prohibited by our Terms of Use, send notifications to users when necessary and to determine topics of interest to commenters.

## Cookies

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. We use cookies to help us identify and track visitors, their usage of the Site, and their website access preferences. Site visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using our Site, with the drawback that certain features of our Site may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

## Links to Other Websites

We are not responsible for the privacy practices nor the content of websites which you have the ability to link to. We recommend that you review the privacy policy or terms and conditions of those sites to fully understand what information is collected and how it is used.

The Site provides access to other websites outside our control. When you link to these websites, you leave our website and your communications no longer are protected by our privacy policy. Links to other websites are provided as a service and we do not endorse linked websites or validate their content.

## Ads

Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by us and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

## Privacy Policy Changes

Although most changes are likely to be minor, we may change our Privacy Policy from time to time, and at our sole discretion. We encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to our Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
