> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the erento.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2014-07-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140702223649id_/http%3A//www.erento.co.uk/hire/info/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - erento.co.uk

erento takes its responsibilities on the confidentiality of your personal information very seriously. We will not sell, trade, or in any way infringe on your rights under data protection laws. Please also read in this context our [Terms & Conditions](https://web.archive.org/hire/info/terms-and-conditions).

Personal data is collected and stored securely subject to stringent security measures. You are asked for your data when you request a rental item via the contact form or when you register with erento. This is particularly necessary in order to establish contact between hire companies and users.

#####  1\. Use of Cookies

Persons under 18 years are unfortunately not allowed to register with us or to start rental enquiries.

To help enable the provision of specific information and functions on the erento site, we collect information about you or the computer you are currently using and process and store this information.

We use cookies. They serve to make our service more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small data packets that are stored on your computer. In the cookies we do not save sensitive personal information, only information that will help us optimise the site for you.

Certain functions are only available if you accept the use of functional cookies. At each visit to erento.com you will receive a so-called session-cookie that will be deleted from your hard drive automatically. Most browsers offer the option to refuse acceptance of cookies. This can be set directly in the browser settings of your computer. But deactivating cookies may lead to difficulties when using the erento marketplace.

#####  2\. Data

We take our relationship of trust with our customers very seriously. All the data you entrust to us, we use with the utmost care and confidentiality.

erento will disclose your personal information only where it is necessary for the booking process and the proper placement of rental items in the marketplace.

In certain cases, we are obliged to disclose your personal information to third parties, for example when it comes to the investigation of an abuse of the rental marketplace, in which case erento may have a legal obligation to disclose certain information. The personal data in such cases is only available to injured third parties or law enforcement authorities. This applies even if the user relationship with erento has ended.

#####  3\. Use of Facebook Social Plugins

erento uses so-called Social Plugins (“Plugins”) from the social network facebook.com, Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). The Plugins are marked with a Facebook logo.

When you visit a web page on our website that contains such a Plugin, your browser creates a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The contents of the Plugin are then sent directly to your browser from Facebook.

Through the integration of Plugins, Facebook receives information from the appropriate page of our website. If you are logged into Facebook, Facebook can assign a visit to your Facebook account. When you interact with the Plugins, for example, clicking the "Like" button, the corresponding information is sent directly from your browser and stored on Facebook.

Please refer to the privacy policies of Facebook for details of the full purpose and scope of data collection and further processing and use of data by Facebook, and your rights in this respect.

If you do not want Facebook to collect information about you from our website, you must log out from your Facebook account before you visit the erento website.

#####  4\. Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

Alternatively, you can disable the use of cookies by third parties by visiting the [Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp "Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page").

#####  5\. Data of other users (customers / hire companies)

You agree to use the personal data of other users only for the current transaction. You must not include personal information gleaned from a transaction in your email distribution list or in another address list without the express permission of the individual involved.

#####  6\. Data security

Access to your data is restricted to erento. Nevertheless, for your own protection from unauthorized access to your account it is essential that you keep your login and password secret. Choose an unusual combination of letters, numbers and symbols to ensure it is more secure.

#####  7\. Amendment of personal data

erento provides a simple and quick way to change or update your data automatically via your account settings. Once you have registered your details and password, you are able to access the account settings at any time and change your personal information.

#####  8\. Changes in the guidelines

erento reserves the right to change this policy at any time.

We are happy to answer any questions you may have about privacy and security. Our identity and contact details are set out below. Please write to us at:

erento GmbH  
Joachimstaler Strasse 31-32   
10719 Berlin, Germany

Email:  
[customer-policy@erento.co.uk](mailto:customer-policy@erento.co.uk "customer-policy@erento.co.uk")  
 
