> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the murata.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150624074002id_/http%3A//www.murata.com/en-eu/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Murata Manufacturing Co., Ltd.

### What information is collected

There are times when we may ask you, or you may choose to provide information about you. Information collected may include, among other things, your name, physical address, e-mail address, phone number,and other information about yourself.

### How information is collected

Murata Europe Management B.V., will collect and log your IP address and your browser type in order to best determine how to facilitate services online. Your IP address gives us an indication as to where we should be concentrating our services and to what location in the world we need to localize with. We may collect information using a number of services that best suit your purpose for visiting our site.

### 'Cookies'

Cookie technology is not used when you visit our site. Note: Cookies cannot obtain personally identifiable information such as your e-mail address, or any other information stored on your hard drive. Cookies are pieces of data normally stored by your browser, and you can quite easily prevent cookie data from being sent by adjusting your browser settings.

### Use of information

We collect this information from you solely for the purpose specified on our site. Murata Europe Management B.V. will not share data it collects with third parties, site sponsors, or sites with links to our site.

### Website statistics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above
