> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the murdoch.edu.au privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051212000419id_/http%3A//www.murdoch.edu.au/goto/PrivacyNotice) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Murdoch University University Web Sites Privacy Notice

The following sets out how Murdoch University will deal with personal information related to the Content and use of its Web sites.

  1. Information Collected
  2. Use of Personal Information
  3. Disclosure of Personal Information
  4. Data Quality
  5. Complaints and Queries About Privacy
  6. University Privacy Policy



### 1\. Information Collected

#### Information Automatically Logged

The University may make a record of your visit to a Web site and use a Web Server to log any of the following information: 

  * the user's Server address
  * domain name (eg. .edu, .gov, .com, .au, .uk, etc)
  * IP address
  * the date and time of the visit to a site
  * the pages accessed and documents downloaded
  * the previous site visited
  * the type of Web browser used



The data collected is used for the following purposes: 

  * Web Server and system administration, including monitoring to prevent security breaches
  * revision of Web site Content to better meet users' information needs
  * usage statistics for particular Web sites
  * capacity planning



Access to Web Server logs is restricted to authorised system administrators. 

#### Security

The computers used to run University Web Servers have security measures in place against the loss, misuse and alteration of data, as defined in the [University's IT Security Policy](https://web.archive.org/goto/ITSecurityPolicy). 

A [Secure Web Server](https://web.archive.org/admin/policies/murdochnet/glossary.html#secure) is used to provide a login screen when a user is required to enter identification details such as a [Murdoch Username](https://web.archive.org/help/login/username.html) and [Murdoch Password](https://web.archive.org/help/login/password.html). The data exchanged between the user's Web browser and the Secure Web Server is encrypted. 

#### Cookies

A cookie is a small amount of information given to your Web browser by our Web Server. The browser stores the message in a text file and the message is then sent back to the Web Server each time the browser requests a page from the Server. It is possible to disable the acceptance of cookies by your Web browser. However, doing so may restrict your ability to access some Web pages. 

Cookies may be used for authentication purposes and to improve security during a user's session online. 

Cookies may store the following information: 

  * session (numbered key)
  * duration



A numbered key is a unique number generated by a Web Server and is used to track your current session. The session key can be linked back to a user's login identification. 

Unique identifiers (such as login username and password) are collected when it is necessary to verify a user's identity. 

Unique identifiers may also be used to access stored information about a user's preferences to enable the dynamic display of a Web site according to your preferences when you return to that site. 

####  Online Surveys

All research surveys conducted online by University staff and / or students which involve the collection of personal information, will have received approval from the University's [Human Research Ethics Committee](http://www.research.murdoch.edu.au/ethics/hrec/hrec.asp). A survey may ask a user to enter a unique identifier (such as login information). 

Research surveys that do not require approval are: 

  1. Evaluation activities carried out as part of the normal course of education, such as student surveys conducted by the Institutional Research and Evaluation Service (IRES), Teaching and Learning Centre, and 
  2. Historical research projects that involve investigation using publicly available records. 



#### Enrolment and Registration Forms

If personal information is collected via a Web site and held, every effort will be made to ensure that this is done by sufficiently secure means. 

The University uses Secure Web Servers when users are asked to use an online form to enter personal information such as address details or enrolment details. 

#### External Links

Content hosted on University Web sites may contain links to other Internet-accessible sites. The University is not responsible for the privacy practices or the Content of such Web sites. 

### 2\. Use of Personal Information

Personal information you supply online will be used by University staff in conducting the business of the University. Such uses include matters related to student administration, provision of services and the dissemination of information to staff, prospective and current students and remaining in contact with graduates. The University may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with a Web Server. Your IP address may also be used to set up an individual session to provide a secure login. 

### 3\. Disclosure of Personal Information

Staff email addresses, room numbers and phone numbers are made available within the Campus Directory. Staff may elect to not have their email address or phone number displayed via the Directory. 

Personal information about students will not be made publically available on University Web sites without the written consent of individual students. 

#### Public Forums

Some University Web sites may have chat rooms, discussion forums, online teaching environments, message boards or news groups available to their users. Please remember when using one of these services that any information that is published via these mediums may become public and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. 

### 4\. Data Quality

The University will always try to maintain accurate, complete and up-to-date information regarding its staff and students. If you are a student and think that your personal information retained by the University requires changing, please use [MyInfo](https://web.archive.org/goto/MyInfo) and change the details online, or contact your Division. Staff may use [Web Self Service](https://web.archive.org/goto/WSS) to change their contact address details and the editor available via the Campus Directory to change their email address. This editor may also be used to request Human Resources to change name details. 

### 5\. Complaints and Queries About Privacy

Any user with a query or complaint relating to the privacy of personal information collected via Web Servers or Web sites on the Murdoch University Network, should contact the [Director, Office of Information Technology Services](mailto:c.foley@murdoch.edu.au). 

### 6\. University Privacy Policy

This Notice should be read in conjunction with the University's [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/admin/policies/privacy.html). Staff and students may also wish to refer to the [Guidelines on Workplace E-mail, Web Browsing and Privacy](http://www.privacy.gov.au/internet/email/), published by the Office of the Privacy Commissioner (March 3, 2000). 

* * *

This Notice has been adapted from the [Monash University's Web Site Privacy Statement](http://www.monash.edu.au/legals/privacy.html). 
