> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ginwiz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160304223624id_/http%3A//www.ginwiz.com/info_page.aspx%3Fpage%3DPrivacy_Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# GinWiz - Free Mobile Website Builder Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy **("Privacy Policy")** describes the policies and practices of InfoGin. ( **"we,"** **"us,** " or " **InfoGin** ") and the choices you have in connection with collection, use and disclosure of your personal information that you provide to us or that may be generated by your use of our Web site and online services (the **"Service"** ). This Privacy Policy does not apply to personal information that you provide to us or that we collect from you offline. Please review carefully this Privacy Policy before making any use of the Service. Each use of the Service by you constitutes your consent to the collection, transfer, storage, disclosure and other uses of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy

Our Philosophy

Your privacy is important to InfoGin. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, due to the nature of Internet communications and evolving technologies, unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, the security of user information may be compromised at any time. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. We welcome any comments and suggestions for improvement at:[support@GinWiz.com](mailto:support@ginwiz.com) This website is not directed at children under 13 years of age.

Information We Collect

When you use our Service (including by “following,” “liking,” adding the GinWiz application, linking your account to the Service, etc., on a third party website or network), you will be asked to provide certain personally identifiable Information about yourself such as your name, user name, email address payment details and password and when you use the Service you may provide us with further details such as purchases made by using the Service. Your personal information will be stored in the Service database and will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the requirement of the applicable law. 

You may register with us through Facebook, or otherwise grant us access to your account with other third party social networking sites as well as photo sharing websites, such that InfoGin can capture and render information you have stored in your account with these Third-Party Sites. By registering or granting access through Third-Party Sites you understand that InfoGin will access, render and store content from Third-Party Sites accounts and your Facebook profile, including your photos, list of friends, date of birth and other information provided, and such information will be shared with other users of the Service. 

When you use our Service through a mobile device such as a cellular phone, tablet computer or other type of cellular device or through your personal computer or any other device with Internet connectivity **("Device")** , we may collect information about such use that does not necessarily identify you personally, although it may be unique to you or consist of, or contain information that you may consider personal. Such information may include, the type of device you use, the type of browser and operating system you use, your Internet protocol addresses (including any host name or geographic information associated with these addresses), carrier and basic usage statistics, information related to your computer or device system configuration, and interoperability of the Device and Service applications. In addition, when using location-enabled services, your Device will be sending to our servers location data from the Device, which may reveal your exact location and which may enable us to provide you with its unique location-enabled services. Should you wish this information not to be provided to InfoGin, please do not subscribe to such services and/or uninstall the relevant software from your Device.

You are not required to provide us with your personal information. However, in certain cases, if you decide not to provide information about yourself (such as, your email address), or enable certain features, you might not be able to complete the applicable registration process, or use certain features of the Service. Depending on the Third-Party Sites you choose to access via the Service and in accordance with the privacy settings you have set in your Third-Party Sites account, you can post information (including personally identifiable information) to your Third-Party Sites account and such information will be viewable via the Service. Other services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information and non-personal information you submit to them and any information attained by InfoGin through a Third-Party Sites shall be governed by such Third-Party Site’s privacy policy.

Cookies

We may use “cookies” on or in connection with our Website/Service to maintain information about you. A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. InfoGin uses both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Website. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. When you visit our Website or use our Service, our computer may ask your computer for permission to employ the use of a session or persistent cookie. Our Website/Service will then send a cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits our Website to access the cookies it has already sent to you and not the cookies sent to you by other websites. Most web browsers can be adjusted to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie. However, refusing a cookie may, in some cases, preclude you from using, or negatively impact the display or function of, our Website or certain areas or features of our Service.

Our servers automatically collect data about your Internet Protocol address when you visit us. When you request pages from our Website, our servers may log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another website or a search engine); the pages you visit on our Website/Service; the website you visit after this Website; other information about the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this Website or a referral website; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers. 

When you use the Service, we may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. The information is used to enable more accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our marketing, and make the Service better for our users.

How we use this information

InfoGin may use the personally identifiable information collected by InfoGin to contact customers regarding products and services offered by InfoGin and, to the extent the user has agreed to it, by its trusted affiliates, independent contractors and business partners. We may also use this information for research purposes or to communicate with you about administrative issues, improve the contents provided through the Service, customize the advertising and content you see, and communicate with you about promotions, special offers and new features. 

InfoGin will not in any way share this information with a third party either for free or by selling it, except as provided in this Privacy Policy.

We use "cookies", web beacons, and log file information for purposes such as: (a) collect website users' usage data to enable easy access to the Service and otherwise improve the Service; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of the Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (e) track your entries and submissions to the Service. 

Disclosure of Information

We may disclose your personal information to third parties (a) to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process (including any court order) or governmental request, (b) to perform certain administrative functions consistent with our Privacy Policy on our behalf, including in connection with customer support, Web hosting services, fulfillment companies (such as, companies that fill product orders or coordinate mailings), and data analysis, (c) to protect the safety of our employees and our property, and (d) in connection with enforcement of this Privacy Policy and the Service Terms of Use. 

We may also disclose non-personally identifiable aggregate statistics regarding user behavior as a measure of interest in, and use of, our Website/Service and emails to third parties in the form of aggregate data, such as overall patterns or demographic reports, which do not describe or identify any individual user. Information relating to aggregate statistics may be collected through the use of third-party cookies and other third party tracking devices. 

InfoGin may from time to time engage third parties, including its own subsidiaries and affiliated companies, to preserve, analyze or otherwise store or manipulate data received by InfoGin from its customers. In all such cases, third party service providers will be required to treat all such data with the same degree of care as InfoGin and they will be prohibited from disclosing such data to any other person or party, except as otherwise provided for in this Privacy Policy.

International Transfers

Our Service may be provided using resources and servers located in various countries around the world. Therefore your personal data may be transferred across international borders outside the country where you use our Service, including countries that do not have laws providing specific protection for personal data or that have different legal rules on data protection. In such cases we take steps to ensure that there is a legal basis for such a transfer and that adequate protection for your personal data is provided as required by applicable law, for example, by using standard agreements approved by relevant authorities (where necessary) and by requiring the use of other appropriate technical and organizational information security measures.

Special Offers and Updates

Our customers and users will occasionally receive newsletters or e-mails with information on products, services, or special offers. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, InfoGin gives them the opportunity to opt-out from receiving these types of communications.

Service Announcements

On rare occasions, it is necessary to send out a strictly service-related announcement, if, for instance, our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance. Generally, users may not opt-out of these communications, though they can deactivate their account. However, these communications are not promotional in nature.

Legal Disclaimer

Though we make every effort to preserve your privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law, if we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary and required to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order, subpoena or other legal process served on InfoGin.

The Website and/or Service contain links to other sites. Please be aware that InfoGin is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. The InfoGin Privacy Policy as described herein applies solely to information collected by InfoGin. 

Maintenance of Information

The information provided to InfoGin is saved indefinitely and may be stored on one or more databases directly or indirectly maintained by InfoGin. InfoGin employs industry-standard security measures to protect the confidentiality of the information. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur; we make all reasonable effort to prevent such occurrences. 

Your Responsibility

You are responsible for the security of your Customer ID and passwords. Make sure you keep them in a safe place and do not share them with others. Always remember to log out after your session ends to ensure that others cannot access your private personal information. You should take this precaution even if you are not using a public computer, such as at a library or internet café, but even when using your private computer in your home. You will be able at any time to review, modify or update information included in your user's profile by logging in to your user account on the Website and selecting "My Account". 

Changes to this Privacy Policy

InfoGin may occasionally revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes in its Services and other practices. Therefore, you should review this Privacy Policy prior to each use of the Service, particularly each time before you submit your personal information through the Service, so you could be informed of any changes in our privacy practices. At all times, the most current version of our privacy policy will supersede any other versions of our privacy policy. You can determine when the Privacy Policy was last modified by checking the "Last updated" legend at the top of the Privacy Policy. If the policies described in our Privacy Policy change in any material respect, we will notify you by posting the revised policy on our Web site, by email, or by other means that we may choose and as required by applicable law. We may apply changes to information previously collected by us, to the extent permitted by law. If you do not agree to be bound by the terms of the new or modified Privacy Policy, you agree to immediately notify us that your personal information should be deleted. Your continued use of the Service after such changes become effective constitutes your acceptance of any such changes. 

Questions Policy

Any questions concerning this Privacy Policy or report an abuse, please send an e-mail to:[support@GinWiz.com](mailto:support@ginwiz.com)
