> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the edweek.org privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151231010020id_/http%3A//www.edweek.org/info/about/privacy-policy.html%3Fintc%3Dthed) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

**Effective Date: August 5, 2015**

Edweek.org is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. The following policy governs edweek.org's online collection of information from you. Specifically, it outlines the types of information that edweek.org gathers about you while you are using this website or other digital versions of _Education Week_ or other EPE properties (“website”), and the way that edweek.org uses and doesn't use this information. This Privacy Statement does not apply to any information you may provide to us or that we may collect offline and/or through other means; for example, at a live event, via telephone, or through the mail.

## PROTECTING THE PRIVACY OF CHILDREN

Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. Our website is not directed at children under 13, and we won't knowingly allow anyone under 13 to provide us any personally identifying information; if you're under 13, please don't provide any information about yourself on this website. In the event that we learn we have collected any personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible.

## THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT

The information that edweek.org collects about visitors while they are using this website falls into two general categories:

**Information You Provide to Us.** Edweek.org may collect and store information that you voluntarily supply either while on the edweek.org website or in responding via email to a feature provided on the edweek.org website. Examples of this type of information include: information that you electronically submit when you register on the edweek.org website (such as your name, email and mailing address), information that you post on discussion forums on the edweek.org website, information submitted to edweek.org’s online calendar, and information contained in search requests or questions that you submit to the edweek.org website. If you decline to supply or provide edweek.org with certain information while using this website, you may not be able to use or participate in some or all of the features offered through this website. If you are logged in to edweek.org, you can update or correct any information associated with your registration or subscription account by visiting My Account, and you can change any information in your community profile by clicking your Display Name; both links are in the header of virtually every page on the site.

**Information that is Automatically Collected.** Edweek.org also collects and stores certain other non-identifying information about you that is generated automatically as you navigate through the edweek.org website. For example, to enhance your experience on the edweek.org website, edweek.org uses a standard feature found in browser software called a "cookie." 

A “cookie” is a small data file that the website sends to your browser, which then stores this information on the hard drive of your computer in order to collect in anonymous form certain behavioral information related to your use of the Site, including your movement about the website and the pages on the website you visit most frequently. We use cookies and similar technologies to help remind us who you are and to help you navigate our sites during your visits. 

  * **First-party cookies.** By showing how and when visitors use the edweek.org site, cookies help us track user trends and patterns. Cookies make your experience easier by saving your preferences and passwords. We also use cookies that contain no personal information at all. These cookies help us estimate our audience size, determine which areas of edweek.org are the most popular, and serve targeted advertising.
  * **Third-party cookies.** Our advertisers, third-party analytics providers, and those who provide products and/or services through our site may also assign their own cookies, a process we don't control. We don't have access to these cookies or to any information they contain. Many browsers are set to accept cookies.
  * **Web beacons.** Edweek.org also uses Web beacons (invisible images, also known as "single-pixel GIFs") to count users who visit the edweek.org site.



We automatically collect limited information about your computer configuration when you visit our site, including the type of browser software you use, the operating system you're running, the date and time you access our site, session information (such as download errors and page response times), information about your viewing and search history, the resolution of your computer monitor, the website that referred you, your URL clickstream to, through, and from the edweek.org website, and your IP address. 

Your IP address is a numerical address that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data (such as the Web pages you want to view) can be transmitted to you. We also use IP address information for systems administration and trouble-shooting purposes. Your IP address does not tell us who you are.) We use this information to make our site as useful as we can for as many users as possible.

The use of cookies is relatively standard. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. However, if you prefer, you can set your browser to either notify you when you receive a cookie or to refuse to accept cookies. It is possible, however, that some areas of this website will not function properly if you decline or disable Internet cookies while visiting or otherwise using the website. If you would like more information about this practice and about your option not to accept cookies, please [click here](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/). 

This information, which may be used internally or for marketing purposes generally, allows us, among other things, to improve the delivery of our Web pages to you, to analyze usage, and to measure traffic on the edweek.org site. 

## USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION

Edweek.org uses the information it collects from you while you are using this website for a variety of purposes, such as marketing and testing of our products or sending messages on behalf of other organizations. We also use the information to customize features and advertising that appear on the edweek.org website. We review our users' preferences, interests, demographics, traffic patterns, and other information so that we can better understand our audience and what they want. Tracking user preferences also helps us serve you more relevant advertising. If you register or subscribe to access premium content, we may also sell your name and mailing address to third parties; if you fill out a form in order to access sponsored material or events, we may share whatever information you provide with that feature’s sponsor. By using the website, you authorize us, and our vendors, to use the information collected for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.

**Ad Serving.** We use one or more third party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our site. To facilitate our use of third-party analytics services and statistics programs offered by third parties such as Google Analytics, this company may use and share certain non-personally identifiable information (does not include your name, address, email or telephone number) about your visits to our website and other sites, in combination with other non-personally identifiable information about your purchases and interests from other online or offline sources, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. In addition, we share Web usage information about visitors to our sites with this company for the purpose of managing and targeting advertisements, for market research analysis on our site and other sites, and for ad impression reporting. For these purposes, we and our third-party advertising company may note some of the pages you visit on our site through the use of pixel tags (also known as "clear GIFs"). In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique “cookie” on your computer. 

Visit Google’s pages on [How Google Uses Data](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/%22), [Advertising](http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy/ads/), and [Cookie](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/technologies/cookies/) technologies and [Facebook’s Privacy Policy](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/cookies) to read more about these information collection practices, to access your advertising preferences, or to opt out of such interest-based advertising; they also offer [special browser tools](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/) to opt out of their analytics altogether. 

**Customer Service.** If you contact edweek.org for customer service, edweek.org will also use your personal information to try to verify that the person contacting edweek.org is you. Please note that any comments or materials sent to us, including feedback data, such as questions, comments, suggestions, and any other responses are deemed to be non-confidential and we may use, reproduce, distribute, and publicly display such comments and materials without reference to you personally. We may also use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in such responses for any purpose whatsoever.

**Information Disclosed in Public Areas.** You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose personal information online in a public area of the edweek.org site, such as on discussion forums, or in chat areas, that information can be seen, collected, and used by others besides edweek.org. Edweek.org cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third party use of information that you disclose in a public area on the edweek.org site.

**Vendors and Service Providers.** To make our site more valuable to our visitors, we may offer some features in conjunction with other providers (“Provider Partners”). Our discussion forums and e-newsletters, for example, may be made available through cooperative arrangements with providers that specialize in operating such services. In some instances, our Provider Partners will have the same access to your information as we do. In addition, we may allow vendors to use aggregated data (i.e., data that is not linked to an individual) to improve our or their services generally. Their use of the information will be subject to the terms of their respective privacy policies, which you can find on their websites.

**Links And Features Offered In Conjunction With Other Providers.** This privacy statement applies only to information collected by edweek.org. The edweek.org website includes links to other websites, and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we do not control. When you access another website or purchase products or services or conduct other transactions through this website, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services.

TopSchoolJobs.org, the careers channel website of edweek.org, has its own [Privacy Policy](http://www.topschooljobs.org/info/privacy-policy.asp). Please familiarize yourself with that policy before using TopSchoolJobs.org.

**Other Disclosures.** We may occasionally release information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with law, to enforce our Visitor Agreement, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of visitors to our site, our customers, the public, or edweek.org. In the unlikely event that edweek.org or substantially all of its assets is acquired by another company, information on our visitors would be among the transferred assets.

**Email Communication to our Users.** Email may be sent by edweek.org, our Provider Partners acting on our behalf, and sponsors of features and clearly identified sponsored content on edweek.org, but only to users that request or agree to receive email messages, such as e-newsletters and marketing messages. The email address provided by you at registration, or as updated, may also be used by edweek.org or its Provider Partners to contact you for any reason, including: (1) your account status, (2) notification of the availability of new content or features of the edweek.org site, (3) participation in user surveys, asking for feedback on the edweek.org website and (4) notifying you of existing or prospective products and services offered by us or our advertisers and partners. Edweek.org may also send you email messages in connection with commerce services. These messages include, but are not limited to (1) order confirmations, (2) information about renewals, (3) service updates, and (4) response to customer support requests.

## HOW SECURE IS THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT? 

Transmission of personal information to our servers uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software to encrypt the information during transmission. All information gathered on edweek.org is stored within a controlled database. The database is stored on servers secured behind an industry-standard firewall; access to the servers is password-protected and is accessible only to authorized personnel who are required to keep such information confidential. In addition, edweek.org stores credit card information and passwords in an encrypted, non-human readable format. We conduct regular web application vulnerability assessments and third party tests to ensure all of our externally facing websites/Internet addresses are protected from attack in compliance with industry standards. Although, we use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the privacy of your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of our servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet.

## QUESTIONS

If you have any questions or concerns regarding our Privacy Statement, please direct them to [feedback@epe.org](mailto:feedback@epe.org) or to:

Editorial Projects in Education, Inc.  
6935 Arlington Road, Suite 100  
Bethesda, MD 20814   
Re: Privacy Policy 

## CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT

The Web is an evolving medium. If we need to change our privacy statement at some point in the future, we'll post a notice about the changes to this Privacy Statement on this website prior to the change becoming effective and update the reference to the effective date to reflect the date of the amendment. You should check this page regularly for updates. Your use of our sites following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Statement. By visiting edweek.org, you agree that your visit, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Privacy Statement and our [User Agreement](https://web.archive.org/web/20151231010020id_/http%3A//www.edweek.org/info/about/terms-of-use.html).
