> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the edwinwatts.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060629105946id_/http%3A//www.edwinwatts.com/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Edwin Watts Golf | Privacy Policy

Edwin Watts Golf respects your privacy. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. We do not sell, rent or loan any identifiable information regarding our customers to any third party. Any information you share with us is held with the utmost care and security. 

We may occasionally make a list of postal addresses available to other reputable companies. We do not share e-mail addresses we have on file. We respect your right to privacy by removing your name from the mailing lists we share at your request. Please submit your request in writing, via e-mail ([orders@wattsgolf.com](mailto:orders@wattsgolf.com) ), or phone (800-874-0146) to protect this right. 

Our Internet site is meant to be a service to you, and we respect your privacy. In order to provide you with the best products, timely information and quality customer service, we record a variety of information from your visit to our site. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are name, address, email address, phone number, credit card information. 

You can correct or update your email address for the purposes of inclusion in our newsletter by returning to our newsletter registration page and unsubscribing the address currently registered through Edwin Watts Golf and then re-subscribing using the new or updated email address. If you need to make changes to or gain access to personally identifiable information that we collect and maintain (name, address, telephone number, email address, and order history not including credit card information), you can send an email request to [orders@wattsgolf.com](mailto:orders@wattsgolf.com) or by calling us toll-free at (800) 874-0146. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. 

Edwin Watts Golf uses a feature of your Internet Web browser called a [ cookie](http://www.microsoft.com/info/cookies.htm) to assign an identification code to your computer. Cookies are files that your Web browser places on your computer’s hard drive. We only use cookies to keep track of items you put into your shopping cart, to tell us whether you have visited edwinwatts.com previously, and to help us determine whether you came to edwinwatts.com from a particular Internet link or banner advertisement. We do not and cannot use cookies to retrieve personal information about you from your computer unless such information was knowingly and willingly provided by you. Cookies do not provide us with access to any credit card information. 

Our system automatically gathers information about the areas visited by both members and users. To do this, EdwinWatts.com logs IP addresses (in other words, the location of your computer on the Internet) for system administration, troubleshooting and to examine overall traffic trends. (For example, IP addresses help us determine the number of people coming from various gateways, such as AOL.) We do not use any of this navigational data on an individual basis. Nor do we share any of this data with outside companies. We do use navigational information in the aggregate to understand how our members and users travel around the site as a group to use the services that we offer. We collect that information so that EdwinWatts.com can constantly improve the site. We may also share this statistical information with our partners or other outside companies, but in doing so, we do not disclose individual names or personal navigational information. 

EdwinWatts.com uses a secure server. The servers use [ Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)](http://www.thawte.com/), an advanced encryption technology that safeguards your personal information and guarantees privacy. 
