> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wgsn.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121215121107id_/http%3A//www.wgsn.com/page/privacy-cookies-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy & Cookies Policy | WGSN

## WGSN Privacy Policy

### 1\. Introduction

1.1 This Privacy Policy sets out the privacy policy of Worth Global Style Networks Limited, Company Number 4858491 (England) whose registered address is at Greater London House, Hampstead Road, London NW1 7EJ (“WGSN”), who controls this website. For the purpose of the Data Protection Act, the data controller is WGSN. 1.2 WGSN is committed to protecting the privacy of its users and the purpose of this Privacy Policy is to describe to you how WGSN will use personal information about you that is submitted to WGSN. 1.3 By providing your personal information to WGSN, you consent to the collection and use of it and any other information provided to WGSN in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If at any time you wish to change the uses of your personal information to which you have consented, please contact us at [ask@wgsn.com](mailto:ask@wgsn.com). 1.4 WGSN may revise this Privacy Policy at any time by posting an update on its website(s). Please ensure that you check this website and any other WGSN website(s) you use from time to time to review the then current Privacy Policy and to update your preferences. This Privacy Policy was last updated in November 2011.

### 2\. Collection of Personal Information

2.1 The types of personal information collected and stored by WGSN might include your name, date of birth, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, fax number and credit/debit card details (to the extent permitted by the Data Protection Act 1998 and related legislation (“the DPA”). 2.2 WGSN (or any of its sub-contractors) may collect personal information about you in the following ways: (a) any data which you provide when you complete and submit an application to WGSN to register on its website(s) or receive email alerts or other communications from WGSN; (b) any data that you provide via postings to forums and blogs and any other posting that you make to an WGSN website (in such circumstances the information posted by you will, of course, also be available to users of the website throughout the world); (c) during any transaction with us; and (d) any other data which you provide to WGSN when you enquire about our activities, email, telephone or write to us or otherwise provide us with personal information. 2.3 WGSN (or any of its sub-contractors) may also receive information about you from third parties, for example a friend who wants to tell you about one of our websites.

### 3\. Storage and retention of your information

3.1 WGSN will keep your information on a secure server. The technology that WGSN uses and the security policies which WGSN has implemented are intended to safeguard your information from unauthorised access and improper use. 3.2 WGSN will keep your information (to the extent permitted by the DPA) to enable WGSN to use it for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.

### 4\. Use of Your Information

4.1 WGSN may use your personal information (subject in each case to the requirements of the DPA) for the following purposes: (a) administering your website account(s) and otherwise in connection with any service for which you have provided your information, including any email alerts, transactions with us and competitions and promotions that you take part in; (b) responding to any enquiry you make; (c) subject to your consent, sending you newsletters and/or alerts and information regarding WGSN’s or any third party's future services (in all formats to which you have consented e.g. post, email, text); and (d) for generating aggregated statistics about users, traffic patterns etc of the WGSN website(s) and other services and developing WGSN’s marketing plans. 4.2 WGSN may also disclose your information (subject in each case to the requirements of the DPA) as follows: (a) if you have given your consent for WGSN to do so, to other selected organisations to enable them to contact you or send you information by post, telephone and/or email; (b) to any service providers, sub-contractors and agents appointed by WGSN to perform the above functions on its behalf and in accordance with its instructions; (c) to third parties selected by WGSN as part of aggregated and anonymised statistics about users, traffic patterns etc of the WGSN website(s); (d) to such individuals and/or bodies as necessary to ensure WGSN's compliance with any applicable law, regulation, legal proceeding or governmental request; (e) (where you post material that does or may constitute a criminal offence, breach the rights of a third party, give rise to a civil action or breach the Terms & Conditions of the applicable website and as otherwise necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of WGSN and its customers), to any relevant authority or third party requiring WGSN to disclose the identity of or locate anyone posting such material on an WGSN website; and (f) to any individual making a subject information request to WGSN. 4.3 If your subscription with WGSN includes the Vogue Archive, then if at any time during the term of your subscription, WGSN’s license to supply the Vogue Archive is terminated, your personal information will be provided to Advance Magazine Publishers Inc., trading as Conde Nast, publisher of Vogue magazine, a New York Corporation located at Four Times Square, New York, NY 10036. Conde Nast shall use this information for marketing purposes. 4.4 In the event that WGSN (or a relevant part of WGSN) is acquired by or merges with another company, your personal information may be passed to the purchasing/merging company amongst the transferred business assets. This will enable your relationship to continue with the relevant WGSN business despite the change of ownership. Your personal information may also be passed (on a confidential basis) to companies with whom WGSN is negotiating such a sale/merger as part of the verification exercise carried out on WGSN by the third party. 4.5 In accordance with the above, WGSN will send your information to be hosted in the United States (outside the European Economic Area (“EEA”)) by our contracted service providers on our behalf. WGSN will take all reasonable steps to ensure that in such circumstances your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy but your attention is drawn to the fact that the laws of countries outside the EEA may provide lesser protection to your information than the UK. When you submit your personal information to WGSN you consent to the transfer of your information outside the EEA unless you specifically indicate otherwise.

### 5\. Cookies

When you visit a WGSN website(s), WGSN uses “cookie” technology to try to make that experience simple, personalised and meaningful. Cookies are small pieces of information which are issued to your computer or any similar device you use to access the internet e.g. smart phone, tablet or other mobile device when you visit a website and which store and sometimes track information about your use of the website. A number of cookies WGSN use last only for the duration of your web session and expire when you close your browser. Other cookies are used to remember you when you return to the website and will last for longer. WGSN uses cookies to:

  * create a specific log-in session for a visitor to a WGSN website in order that page requests by that visitor are delivered in an effective, secure and consistent manner;
  * recognise when a visitor to a WGSN website has visited before; this means we can identify the number of unique visitors we receive to the website and allows us to make sure we have enough capacity for the number of users that we get;
  * customise elements of the promotional layout and/or content of the pages of the website;
  * store your product selections to the shopping basket;
  * collect statistical information about how our visitors use the website(s) so that we can improve the website(s) and learn which parts are most popular to visitors; and
  * Gather information through our advertising partners, about the pages on the WGSN website(s) that you visit, and also other information about other websites that you visit, so as to place you in an “interest segment”. This information is then used to serve interest-based advertisements which it is believed will be targeted to your interests. For more information about this type of interest based advertising, and about how to turn this feature off please visit [www.youronlinechoices.co.uk](http://www.youronlinechoices.co.uk/ "www.youronlinechoices.co.uk") or follow the link to the website of our advertising partners shown below. Without these cookies, advertisements you encounter will be less relevant to you and to your interests.
  * Some of the cookies used by WGSN websites are set by us, and some are set by third parties who are delivering services on our behalf. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but, if you prefer, you can change your browser to prevent that or to notify you each time a cookie is set. You can also learn more about cookies by visiting [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ "www.allaboutcookies.org") which includes additional useful information on cookies and how to block cookies using different types of browser. Please note however, that by blocking or deleting cookies used on a WGSN website(s) you may not be able to take full advantage of the website(s) if you do so.
  * a) Our cookies 

We have described the main cookies we use and what we use these for in the PDF available [here](http://www.wgsn.com/sites/default/files/content-files/wgsncookielist.pdf).  
b) Third party cookies  
Certain cookies are either set by third parties on the Website or these are set by us using the third parties cookie code. More information about cookies placed by third parties and how to restrict or block their cookies can be accessed by following the link to their website. In addition to cookies, tracking gifs may be set by us or third parties in respect of your use of the Site. Tracking gifs are small image files within the content of our site or the body of our newsletters so we or third parties can understand which parts of the website are visited or whether particular content is of interest. 

**6\. Third Party Websites**  
Please be aware that WGSN does not control and is not responsible for websites that are referred to or linked from its own websites and that use of your personal information on these websites is not subject to this Privacy Policy.

**7\. Registration**  
7.1 To access certain parts of the WGSN websites, WGSN may require you to register and provide certain information about yourself. 7.2 You are reminded that in addition to the provisions of this Privacy Policy, where you register you also agree to:  
(a) provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the relevant registration form (such information being the "Registration Data"); and  
(b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data to keep it fully up to date.




**WGSN Social Media iPad Mini Competition**

  1. These terms and conditions together with any specific rules (“the Additional Rules”) provided by WGSN (“us” or “we”) in relation to a specific promotion (together the “Rules”) apply to all prize promotions operated by us, including free draws and prize competitions (each a “Promotion”). By entering a Promotion you agree to be bound by the Rules and to use of your personal information in accordance with our **_Privacy Policy_** which can be found above on this page.
  2. All entrants to a Promotion must be over 18 years of age at the date of entry and resident in the UK. Proof of age may be required before a prize-winner can claim a prize. The eligibility of any entrant is at our the sole discretion of. Our employees and agents and associated companies (including the families of such employees and agents) are not eligible to enter Promotions. Only one entry per person and per household is permitted. Additional eligibility requirements may apply to the Promotions, eg a valid passport, visas and/or driver’s licence will be required if the prize includes travel outside the United Kingdom and/or car hire.
  3. All entries must be made in accordance with the Rules and must be received by us by the applicable closing date. Entries made otherwise shall be invalid. We accept no responsibility or liability for any lost, damaged or incomplete entries and all such entries will be deemed invalid. Proof of despatch shall not be proof of entry.
  4. Unless otherwise stated in the Additional Rules, all Promotions can be entered by sending an appropriately worded e-mail to the e-mail address specified in the Promotion. Any such e-mail must include your contact details and comply with any instructions set out in the Additional Rules (for example, to identify which Promotion is being entered). Each Promotion must be entered by a separate e-mail. Alternative means of entering a Promotion (if any) will be set out in the Additional Rules and where there are alternative means of entering a Promotion no distinction shall be made between entries between different routes of entry.
  5. Unless the Additional Rules specify otherwise, entries shall not be returned to entrants.
  6. We reserve the right at its sole discretion to (without prior notice): a) cancel the Promotion; and/or b) substitute the prize(s) for another prize of equal value.
  7. Prize-winners will (unless specified otherwise in the Additional Rules) be chosen at random by an independent judge from all qualifying entries. In all matters, the decision of the judge(s) shall be final and no correspondence or discussion shall be entered into.
  8. Prizes are non-transferable, non-negotiable and no cash alternatives will be offered.
  9. Prize-winners will be notified in writing within 6 weeks of the applicable closing date. If a prize-winner fails to respond to claim his/her prize within 14 days of receipt of the notification, we shall be entitled to select an alternative prize-winner. In such circumstances we shall use reasonable endeavours to notify the alternative prize-winner within nine weeks of the closing date.
  10. Prize-winners will receive their prize within 6 weeks of notification unless otherwise specified in the Additional Rules. The terms and conditions of any third party supplier may apply and must be accepted and complied with by a prize-winner to accept the prize.
  11. We will not be liable if a prize does not reach a prize-winner for any reason outside our control or if a prize is damaged during delivery.
  12. Details of the names of prize-winners can be requested by writing to [marketing-bulletins@wgsn.com](mailto:marketing-bulletins@wgsn.com) specifying the relevant Promotion, provided that such request is received by us within ten weeks of the applicable closing date.
  13. By entering the Promotion, the prize-winner(s) agree to take part in any promotional activity requested by us and consent to his/her name, county and photograph being published for the purposes of the Promotion and promoting us and our businesses.
  14. Where relevant, all taxes, insurances, transfers, spending money and other expenses (including meals or personal expenses upgrades etc) are, unless otherwise specifically stated, the sole responsibility of the prize-winner.
  15. Other than for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, we hereby excludes (so far as is permitted by law) all liability for any loss, damage, cost and expense, whether direct or indirect, howsoever caused in connection with the Promotion and any aspect of the prize(s).
  16. These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed and performed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales, whose courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to decide any dispute arising under them.


