> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the concern.net privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130508135042id_/https%3A//www.concern.net/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Concern Privacy Statement - Concern Worldwide

We value and respect all individuals and organisations seeking to donate time, money or resources to our work with the poorest of the poor in the developing world. We endeavour to protect our users' information, through compliance with the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 (as amended). When our supporters submit personal and sensitive information, this information is protected by a secure system both online and offline.

When you contact Concern Worldwide regarding an event, activity, campaign, send or receive information or make a donation, you can provide us with your personal information. This data is stored on our secure computerised database to enable us to respond to your requests, keep you updated and informed about our work and how your donation(s) is being used. In the future, we may communicate with you by mail, email or telephone.

## Personal information

Names, addresses, telephone numbers and email addresses are protected by Concern Worldwide on a computerised system to ensure that loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration or destruction of this information is not probable.

## Updating, verifying and deleting personal data

You may inform us of any changes in your personal data, and in accordance with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 we will update or delete your personal data accordingly. To find out what personal data we hold on you or to have your personal data updated, amended or removed from our database, please email it to us at [info@concern.net](mailto:info@concern.net) or write to Supporter Services, Concern Worldwide, 52-55 Camden Street, Dublin 2. Any such data subject requests may be subject to the fee prescribed under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003.

## Sensitive information

Credit card numbers, account numbers, and online donations are protected by a secure server software called Realex. This secure software encrypts financial information provided online. It prevents anyone else reading your personal and sensitive information while your donation is being processed.

To ensure we have an accurate personal record of our supporters, please contact us if your personal details have changed so we can update your record.

Under the Data Protection Act 1988, it is your right to decide how your details are used. If you do not wish us to use your details in this way, please email us at [info@concern.net](mailto:info@concern.net) or write to Supporter Services, Concern Worldwide, 52-55 Camden Street, Dublin 2.

We may provide your data to a third party, including outside the European Economic Area, for data processing or analysis. With strict security procedures in place, we endeavour to protect your data at all times.

## Cookies 

Like many other sites, Concern.net uses cookies, which are small text files that can help websites improve the service they offer to users. [Find out more about cookies](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).

We use the information collected by cookies to provide necessary services to our users, such as taking donations. We also use them to help us understand more about how our website is used by our supporters and how we could improve what we do to better suit their needs. 

You are always free to decline our cookies. To do this, you can modify your web browser to refuse cookies, or to let you know when you receive new cookies. [Find out how to manage the cookies stored on your computer](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/).

Please remember that if you decline our cookies, or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your experience of the Concern website. It may prevent you from being able to make a donation.

## Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  

Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

## Questions

If you have any queries or questions about privacy and/or security of your personal data please contact us at [info@concern.net](mailto:info@concern.net).

This statement is subject to change and any such changes to our privacy statement will be posted on this page without prior notification.

Visit [www.dataprotection.ie](http://www.dataprotection.ie/) for further information.
