> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the confirmbets.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180213051928id_/https%3A//confirmbets.com/doc/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy For Confirmbets

## Privacy

Being a collaborative community, the top-priority of Confirmbets will always be the relationship with its community. Confirmbets is therefore firmly committed to the security and protection of the personal integrity of our Users of the Services (as defined in the Terms of use above) and their contacts. This Privacy Policy describes what personal information You may share with Confirmbets, as data controller, and other Users when activating and using the Confirmbets Services, how Confirmbets receives, collects and uses this data and how You may opt-out at any time, altogether preventing use of the data shared via the Services. 

**Information Collected and Received** **Installation and Use** When you use the Confirmbets Apps or Website, Confirmbets will collect, process and retain personal information from You and any devices You may use in Your interaction with our Services. This information may include the following: geo-location, Your IP address, device ID or unique identifier, device type, ID for advertising, ad data, unique device token, operating system, operator, connection information, screen resolution, usage statistics, version of the Confirmbets Apps You use and other information based on Your interaction with our Services. 

**User Profile** Where the User uses the Confirmbets Apps or website, your information is up-loaded to Confirmbets servers and stored by Confirmbets until the User changes or deletes such data or terminates the Services. Compulsory information when creating a profile page is the User’s email and phone number, password, username and additional information that may be provided at the User’s option include, but is not limited to, photo, gender, street address and zip code, country of residence, email address, professional website, Facebook page, Twitter address and a short status message. Confirmbets may supplement the information provided or collected with information from third parties and add it to information provided by You. For example, collection and use of demographic information that is publicly available and additional contact information as allowed by applicable national laws. Please note that any content uploaded to and displayed in the user profile by the User is not moderated by Confirmbets and is not protected under the Federal republic of Nigeria Law. The User is solely liable for the publication of such content. 

**Identifiers** In addition, You may provide us with Your user identifier information regarding certain third party services, i.e. Facebook, Google+, LinkedIn and Twitter, necessary for the application to interoperate with such third party services. In that case Confirmbets will store and process also that information (and also a mapped photo where applicable), for as long as You use the Services and will not use this information for any other purpose than required in order to obtain interoperability and functionality in relation to such third party services. Please note that we never store any passwords to the mentioned third party services. 

**Contact information** In addition to Contact Information, if You choose to activate use of a third party social network service, such as Facebook, Google+, LinkedIn or Twitter, within the Confirmbets Apps, Confirmbets may up-load, store and use the list of identifiers associated with said services linked to the Contact Information in order to enhance usage with other Users. 

**Information related to the User or Contact Information will be used to:** (a) determine the number of potential Boos a Phone number is associated with.  
(b) provide selected Confirmbets partners with limited information in order to enhance user experience, service functionality and data accuracy, provided that these partners adhere to strict confidentiality provisions no less protective of your rights than the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy,  
(c) contact you about new boos updates and other relevant Confirmbets updates   
(d) Your information may sometimes be required by trusted third-party, we may be required to share your information from time to time to enable Confirmbets serve you better  
(e) customize, measure and improve our Services, and  
(f) personalize, measure and improve our advertising and use geo-location information to provide You with location based information and services (such as advertising, search results and other personalized content).  

