> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the connectingthreads.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130523012441id_/http%3A//www.connectingthreads.com/cfhelp/Index.cfm%3Ftype%3Dct%26CSCatID%3D85%26CSItemID%3D205) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Connecting Threads Customer Service Help Index

Connecting Threads is committed to safeguarding your privacy. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our Web site and purchase through our catalogs. This policy may change from time to time so please check back periodically.

Connecting Threads and the ConnectingThreads.com collect information in several ways from its customers and users. Some personal information is gathered when you "proceed to check out" including but not limited to your name, physical mailing address, physical shipping address (if different than your mailing address), your email address, daytime telephone number, credit card number and expiration date and information about where you first learned about this site. In addition, to check out information we may ask you for personal information at other times. 

Connecting Threads and ConnectingThreads.com also occasionally ask users to complete surveys that are used for research purposes. When you visit the ConnectingThreads.com web site you are sharing any information you provide solely with Connecting Threads and its corporate parent Crafts Americana Group, Inc.

We maintain our own secure servers on our own premises and only our own employees have access to them. We use the information we collect from you to better serve your needs.

From time to time we will send you advertising information about our products and services that we feel may be of interest to you. We deliver this information to you both via the US Post Office and through the Internet. When you place an order with our company or register for our weekly drawing, we assume you would not mind receiving additional offers from our company both in the mail and online. If you wish to be removed from either our postal mailing address list or our e-mail address list you can contact us via [e-mail](http://www.connectingthreads.com/cfhelp/EmailForm.cfm?subject=3) or call us at (800) 574-6454 (U.S. and Canada), Monday through Friday 5:00 AM - 6:00 PM PT. Outside the U.S. and Canada you can reach us at (360) 260-8900 x 0 Monday through Friday 9:00 AM to 4:30 PM PT. Or feel free to write us at Connecting Threads, PO Box 870760 Vancouver Wa 98684-7760.

In addition, we occasionally are asked by other responsible companies who market products similar to ours to share our customers' personal information with them. We believe that sharing our knowledge is beneficial to both our company and our customers. Our customers benefit by receiving the broadest offering of crafting products possible at no additional charge. It also helps us build a mailing list of only those individuals who want to receive our catalogs. We have found that most of our customers enjoy getting a reasonable quantity of mail-order offers for craft products and magazines. When you place an order with ConnectingThreads.com, we will ask you to specify your preference regarding sharing your personal information with other companies. If you do not wish to receive these offers, we will not share your name with other companies.

Finally, Connecting Threads and ConnectingThreads.com may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms of Service or may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, or the rights and property of anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Connecting Threads and ConnectingThreads.com may disclose or access account information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services.

In addition, as we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy stores or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. In the unlikely event that Connecting Threads, ConnectingThreads.com or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
