> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the conrad.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121102022505id_/http%3A//www.conrad.com/int%252ftpl_inhalt.htm%3Fwebsale7%3Dconrad-int%26tpl%3Dint/tpl_inhalt.htm%26include_tpl%3Dws-customer-int/servicepages/inc_privacy_policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Conrad Electronic SE

**What Is Personal Information?**

Personal information is any information that renders an individual identifiable. It includes among other things your name, your address, your phone number and your email address.

**How Conrad Protects Your Personal Information**

Any personal information you provide when setting up your customer account and during the ordering process will be SSL encrypted (1024 Bit RSA keys in combination with a triple DES 1024 algorithm) before being transferred to our server. Bank card/credit card details are collected, processed, encrypted and stored by Ogone Ltd, our online payment provider. Secure internet connections are characterised by the URL displayed in the browser bar beginning with "https://..." instead of "http://..." as well as a padlock icon shown at the bottom right corner of the browser window.

Furthermore, we have taken suitable physical and electronic, organisational and technical measures to this end, in order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, damage or loss of your personal information. Access to your account can only be obtained via your password. So please keep your password safe at all times. Always log out of our webpage when you have finished using it, and close the browser window, in particular, when you were using a public/shared computer.

**How Conrad Uses Your Personal Information**

We know how important the appropriate use of your personal information is to you. The protection of your personal information is paramount to us. Conrad will only use your personal information in full compliance with the Bundesdatenschutzgesetz and the Telemediengesetz (i.e. the German Federal Data Protection Act and Media Privacy Act, respectively). Furthermore, you may browse our webpage without providing any personal or otherwise sensitive information.

The use of any personal information will be strictly limited to ensure a timely processing of your order and the smooth delivery of the purchased items. This information may also be used by us to notify you of the status of your order as well as of products, services, and offers available at Conrad. 

Credit checks on behalf of Conrad are carried out by Bürgel Wirtschaftsinformationen GmbH and Schufa Holding AG, respectively. Both companies provide Conrad with credit-related information, such as customer address information and credit scores for individual credit-worthiness, with the latter also including secondary data generated by mathematical-statistical analyses. However, both credit rating agencies will only provide Conrad with customer-related credit ratings if Conrad has been able to present sufficient evidence to justify a credit check in the first place.

_Important information regarding Art. 28 (4) BGSG (Federal Data Protection Act):_  
Any decision by Conrad regarding entering or termination of a contractual agreement will be partly based on the outcome of stochastic procedures utilising postcode-related parameters. 

Unless you object, your personal information may be used to send you news and information about our products and services and general promotional material which we believe may be of interest to you. However, the use of your personal information in this context is limited to Conrad and Conrad subsidiaries. We will not pass on personal information to any other third party. 

To receive our newsletter as well as to obtain information related to promotions, offers, discounts and other marketing-related announcements please indicate your agreement during your registration on our website. If you do not wish to receive the aforementioned information, you can unsubscribe at any time. 

We shall save all relevant order details and send you an order confirmation email. Our Terms& Conditions are available on our website. Furthermore, you can review your previous orders by logging in to your customer area.

**Does Conrad Use Cookies?**

A cookie is a little text file created on your computer when browsing our (and any other) webpage. Cookies are not software. They cannot be programmed, don't contain malware and cannot be used to obtain any personal data. Like the majority of online stores, we use cookies solely to identify your computer in order to enable us to personalise your session, making it as easy as possible for you to add items to your basket, manage your orders, compile wishlists etc. Most of our cookies are session cookies, i.e. cookies which only last for the duration you are  
browsing our webpage and which will be deleted from your computer as soon as the browser window has been closed. 

So-called persistent cookies enable us to recognise your computer when you revisit our webpage. These cookies also help you safe time as they render entering your email address over and over again (e.g. when it comes to recurrent orders) unnecessary. However, none of our business partners or affiliates are allowed to place cookies via our webpage on your computer. If you do not agree with Conrad using cookies you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you wish to do so, go to the Extras menu of your browser and select "Settings" or "Internet Options". However, declining cookies means that certain functional aspects of our webpage will no longer be available to you. **  
N.B.:** The use of our online shopping cart requires the presence of session cookies.

**Google Analytics**

We use Google Analytics (GA), a free web stats service offered by Google. Therefore, the source code of our page contains snippets of code provided by Google, which collects visitor data and sends it to the Google mainframe based in the USA. Google uses the collected data to produce web analysis reports for its GA clients (such as Conrad). However, the process of logging visitor data includes measures which ensure that all visitors stay anonymous: visitor IPs and other visitor-related information collected by the GA tracking code will not be in any way correlated to any other data that may be collected by Google, and your personal information will not be compromised. In case of visitors using IP anonymizers, and according to EU regulations, IP addresses located in all member states of the EU will be truncated before being transferred to Google's US-based mainframe. Under exceptional circumstances only will IP addresses be forwarded to the Google mainframe without being abridged. If you object to Google collecting and utilising data related to your use of this webpage, please download and install the following browser plug-in.

**Omniture SiteCatalyst**

Omniture is a usage tracking service provided by Adobe. SiteCatalyst may use cookies to collects and save data which are used to compile usage profiles for our site, enabling us to improve and tune the range of products offered on our website to general customer requirements. Any collected visitorrelated information will be strictly depersonalised and will not in any way be correlated to the personal information of the real identity of visitors. If you do not wish your site usage profile being used for statistical analysis, you can object at any time.

**Integrated Social Plug-ins**

Our website displays social media plug-ins of Facebook, Google (including the Google subsidiary YouTube) and Twitter in the form of "+1", "f", "Like", "g+" and "t" tags as well as other widgets by these service providers. Clicking any of these buttons establishes a direct connection to the relevant social media site, downloading and displaying Facebook-, Google-, YouTube- or Twitter-specific content on our website. Therefore, the nature and amount of data Google, Facebook and Twitter collect via their plug-ins are beyond our control. For more detailed information, including your privacy rights, please see http://www.facebook.com/policy.php, http://www.google.com/Intel/de/+/policy/+1button.html, and http://twitter.com/privacy respectively.

Logging out of social networking pages and subsequently removing all temporary cookies prior to visiting our website prevents Google and Facebook from collecting data during the time you are browsing our sites.

**SSL Encryption**

SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption technology ensures that the data transfer between client and server is protected by establishing a secure connection between your computer and our server. No unauthorised party can access this information.

**Enquiries and Notifications**

If you have any questions about the protection of your personal information at Conrad or would like to request the personal data we hold about you to be deleted, please contact

Mr C Volkmer  
Data Protection Officer  
Conrad Electronic SE  
Klaus-Conrad-Strasse 1  
92240 Hirschau  
Germany

Email: datenschutz@conrad.de  
Fax: +49 180 5 312111   
(Calls from landlines are charged at 0.14 €/min incl. VAT. Calls from mobiles and other networks may vary.)
