> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the constitutioncenter.org privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080616192715id_/http%3A//www.constitutioncenter.org/Misc/Pages/PrivacyPolicy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Terms of Use and Privacy Policy - National Constitution Center

Disclaimers  
Right to Use Content  
Privacy and Security  
Changes to Our Web Policies

The National Constitution Center is an independent, nonprofit, nonpartisan organization. The materials on this site are offered to enhance your understanding of the Constitution and its role in our lives. Their inclusion is not intended to represent a particular viewpoint. Information is presented purely for educational and informational purposes. 

Visitors should not consider the content provided on this website as legal advice or doctrine and may not rely on it as such. We cannot guarantee that this website is error-free, but we will make every reasonable effort to make content generated by the National Constitution Center accurate, reliable and complete. This includes promptly correcting any errors which are brought to our attention. You may contact us at [ncc@constitutioncenter.org](mailto:ncc@constitutioncenter.org). 

Throughout this website, the National Constitution Center provides links to outside resources and third party websites. Unless specifically noted otherwise, the National Constitution Center disclaims any legal affiliation or agency relationship with third parties to whom we link or who link to our website. The National Constitution Center does not control, nor is it responsible for, the availability or content of these external sites. The references and links to these resources are offered to further your educational and research efforts and are not intended as endorsements of their contents. 

The original content and images contained on this website are protected by United States and foreign copyright, trademark and other intellectual property laws. 

We invite you to use any content that is generated by the National Constitution Center, free of charge, for any nonprofit or educational purpose. This content may not be downloaded, stored, copied, distributed, or otherwise used for a commercial purpose without the prior written consent of the National Constitution Center. In any event, the use of National Constitution Center content for either a commercial or noncommercial purpose is subject to the following conditions: 

  * The content may not be modified in any way. 
  * Attribution to the National Constitution Center is required in the following format: "Used with Permission of the National Constitution Center". 

The logo of the National Constitution Center is a registered service mark of the National Constitution Center. Neither this logo nor any banner or original graphics may be used for any purpose. 

Many of the works on this website have been obtained from other sources or publishers not affiliated with the National Constitution Center who may own a copyright or trademark for that work. Permission to download, store, copy, distribute or otherwise use these works cannot be legally granted by the National Constitution Center. In such cases, you must directly contact the copyright or trademark owner for permission to use that work. When in doubt as to the copyright owner of content found on the National Constitution Center website, or whether the content is in the public domain, please contact the National Constitution Center at [ncc@constitutioncenter.org](mailto:ncc@constitutioncenter.org). We will be happy to provide you with contact information for the copyright or trademark holder. 

The National Constitution Center is committed to safeguarding the privacy and security of all our Web visitors. The National Constitution Center collects information throughout this website for several different purposes, which are explained below. 

### Browsing our Website

We automatically collect cumulative information about visitors who browse our website. We do not use "cookies" for this purpose. Instead, we collect this information through a tracking system for statistical analysis to improve website management and to better fulfill our mission as both a museum and education outreach center. We do not use this information to gather, request, or record your personally identifying information. The information we collect includes: 

  * The Internet Protocol ("IP") address from which you access our site 
  * The name of the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, aol.com, if you are connecting from an America Online account) 
  * The type of browser and operating system used to access our website 
  * The date and time you access our site 
  * The pages that you visit 
  * The Internet address of the website from which you linked to this website 

This information is stored for National Constitution Center use only. It is not sold or otherwise transferred to third parties. 

### Sending Us Personal Information

If you send us personal information – by submitting an email, completing an online form or survey, requesting materials or information, ordering merchandise or museum tickets, making a donation or signing up for membership – we will use this information to respond to your inquiry or request. Additionally, if you have checked the "Please add my name to your mailing list" box, we will add your name, E-mail and mailing address to our mailing list database. 

We do not normally distribute visitors’ names, email addresses or other identifying information submitted through this site with any third party. Such information is never sold or rented to a third party. **We do, however, occasionally trade this information with other organizations whose services or products might interest you, but whose privacy policies may differ from ours. If you prefer not to have your information shared with other organizations, you may uncheck the "Allow the NCC to share my name with other organizations" box on any form or E-mail that you submit to the National Constitution Center.** You may contact us at [ncc@constitutioncenter.org](mailto:ncc@constitutioncenter.org) for a current list of organizations with whom we trade information. 

### Children’s Privacy on the Web

The National Constitution Center adheres to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act and the Federal Trade Commission’s regulations implementing this Act. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from children under thirteen years of age. If a child under the age of 13 sends an email to the National Constitution Center, we will respond to that email but we will not create a profile or otherwise retain any personal information about the writer. 

It is possible that, despite our best efforts, we may receive information given to us by children under the age of 13. If this occurs, we will immediately destroy any personally identifiable information we have stored. 

### Purchasing Advance Tickets/Web Ticketing Services Provided by TM Vista

The National Constitution Center provides visitors with the opportunity to purchase advance tickets online. This service is provided by VISTA TICKETING/museumtix.com. When a visitor to the National Constitution Center website chooses to reserve tickets online, they are linked to the museumtix.com site. Visitors to the museumtix.com site are subject to that site's privacy policies. Please refer to the [museumtix.com](http://www.museumtix.com/) site for detailed information.  


### Other Online Transactions

The NCC also provides visitors with an opportunity to make online purchases from the NCC retail store as well as purchase an NCC membership or make a contribution to our organization through an online donation/membership page. When a visitor to the NCC website chooses to make an online purchase, they are linked to a website served by Aramark. Similarly, when a visitor chooses to purchase a membership online or make a donation to the NCC, they are linked to a website served by Blackbaud. Visitors to the Aramark or Blackbaud websites are subject to those sites' privacy policies and should refer to those policies for further information. 

### Security

All online transactions conducted on the NCC website are protected by industry-approved encryption techniques in the gathering, storage and transfer of financial data. 

We are always exploring ways to improve the technology and features we offer on our website. Occasionally, changes in the technology, functionality or content we provide on our website may require us to revise policies and practices set forth on this page. We encourage our visitors to return to this page to learn about any changes we have made to our Web policies. 

If you have any questions, please contact us at [ncc@constitutioncenter.org](mailto:ncc@constitutioncenter.org).
