> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the consciousmedianetwork.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-01-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100112115156id_/http%3A//www.consciousmedianetwork.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The Conscious Media Network - Privacy Policy

The Conscious Media Network Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "CMN") takes your privacy very seriously. This Privacy Policy describes exactly how CMN uses identifiable information regarding our customers, such as name, address, email address or credit card number ("Customer Information"). Primarily, we collect such information for the purpose of providing you with an outstanding experience on the CMN web site. Except as specifically described in this Privacy Policy, CMN does not sell, rent or share such Customer Information with third parties.If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact our Privacy Support Team at [privacy@consciousmedianetwork.com](mailto:privacy@consciousmedianetwork.com).

By using our Service, you consent to the collection and use of information in the manner described below. If we decide to change our privacy practice, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. Changes to our policy will be prospective only. Please check this page from time to time for changes to make sure you are aware of our latest privacy practices.In this Privacy Policy, you will find the answers to the following questions:

\- What Customer Information does CMN collect?  
\- How does CMN use Customer Information?  
\- With whom does CMN share Customer Information?  
\- Does CMN use "IP Addresses" and cookies?  
\- What are the safeguards and security procedures in place to protect your information from loss, misuse, or alteration?  
\- Other information about privacy

 **What Customer Information does CMN collect?** Customer Information is requested whenever you choose to become a subscriber to CMN or make a donation to CMN through International Humanities Center. We will ask you to provide your first and last name, a valid email address and your payment information.

**How does CMN use Customer Information?** Our primary goal in collecting your Customer Information is to provide you with a personalized, relevant, user-friendly experience on the CMN site. Here are the ways we use Customer Information to enhance this experience: **Customer Communication:** We use Customer Information to communicate with you and we consider this communication to be an integral part of the CMN service. We use your email address to inform you of site improvements, feature announcements, newsletters, CMN promotional offers, and occasional third-party promotional offers that may be of interest to you. Only CMN will send you these direct mailings. We never rent or lend our list to anyone. This is a key component of "active participation" in the Service (see our Terms and Conditions). If you do not wish to be an active participant, you may always opt out of the CMN database, by cancelling your membership or subscription account. You can do this by going to your control panel log in and clicking on the Cancel Account option.  
  
**Customer Satisfaction:** We use Customer Information to make your CMN experience enjoyable. We know where to email you to let you know that new videos are ready for viewing online. **Customer Convenience:** We use Customer Information to provide you with the convenience of easy access to the services you request. When you choose to use any CMN service, we will ask you for your username and password information. **With whom does CMN share Customer Information?** CMN shares Customer Information with third party intermediaries (for example, credit card authorization companies, vendors processing our outbound email communication, etc.) who help us run the CMN service and web site. Your Customer Information is provided to these third parties solely for the purpose of providing you the services you request at the time that you request them. Third party intermediaries do not store, retain, access or otherwise use your Customer Information other than as necessary to provide you with the CMN service.Other than as described in the previous paragraphs, CMN will not sell, rent or otherwise share Customer Information with a third party without your knowledge and consent. If you do not want your Customer Information shared at that time you will always have the option of telling us not to share it. For those purposes, "CMN" means Conscious Media Network, Inc.Links on CMN do not have access to your individual account information. Links simply give us an address to link to. CMN then links you to the site. The one exception to the rule described in this section is the following: if CMN is required by law (or to protect its rights or property), we will disclose Customer Information to the extent so required. **Does CMN use "IP Addresses" and cookies?** **  
** CMN uses IP Addresses and Cookies in limited ways, as follows: **IP Addresses:** **  
** An IP address is literally your computer's address and is a unique identifier, allowing online information to be sent to the right place. We use IP addresses to better understand the customer database. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information such as geographic distribution of our customers, which may help us to design future upgrades to the infrastructure of our service. We do not intentionally link your IP address to your personally identifiable information. **CMN Cookies:** **  
**Contrary to popular belief, cookies do not extract private or personal information from your computer's memory. The job of a cookie is to record only information you volunteer to us upon registering or visiting the site. Cookies are tiny files placed onto the hard drive of your computer the first time you visit our Web site that enable our server to recognize or "remember" who you are the next time you come back. CMN cookies are not tied to personally identifiable information. Currently, CMN intends to make only limited use of cookies for the purpose of delivering content and ads specific to your interests. For instance cookies may be used to retain your personal preferences, or save your password so it doesn't have to be re- entered each time you log in. **Advertiser Cookies:** **  
**Although we currently do not accept any form of sponsorship or advertising on CMN, we may from time to time post third party links or advertising banners. These links or ads may contain cookies used primarily to provide data to the advertiser about where visitors are coming from. While we do use cookies in other parts of our Web site as explained above, cookies received with banner ads may or may not be collected or controlled by our company. When you click on a banner ad, you should be aware that the advertiser might be collecting information without the permission of CMN. CMN does not control the privacy practices of these services. To find out more about how they manage privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site, please review the privacy policies of the respective advertisers. **Advice on Limiting Cookies:** **  
**You always have a choice with respect to cookies. By modifying your browser preferences, you can accept all cookies, be notified when a cookie is set or reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies, you may be unable to use certain CMN services. Please consult your browser instructions for information on how to modify your choices about cookies, or go to our FAQ section for assistance. **Affiliate Programs:** **  
**CMN uses clear gifs in combination with cookies to support affiliate programs administered by 3rd party companies. These programs allow other web services to offer special CMN deals to their customers. When a customer is introduced to the CMN website via an affiliate link on a non-CMN web site, we display a clear gif which causes a cookie to be passed to the 3rd party administrator for accounting purposes.That means, for example, that if a person visited "www.companyX.com" and from "www.companyX.com" clicked on a "Link to CMN" banner, we would display a clear gif causing a cookie to be transferred to the affiliate program administrator. This cookie contains an ID number that tells the 3rd party administrator that a new user was sent to CMN from "www.companyX.com". **The clear gif and the cookie are not tied to users' personally identifiable information.** **HTML Email:** **  
**We use HTML-based emails as well as text only emails. Users may select whichever they prefer from their Control Panel. **What are the safeguards and security procedures in place to protect your information from loss, misuse, or alteration?** ****Your Customer Information on our Service is not accessible by outside parties. If you are using a public computer (public library, school computer, etc.) or a shared computer (family computer, roommate's computer, etc.), we strongly recommend that you close out of the CMN site and close your browser before getting up and moving away from the computer. This will prevent others from accessing your account and personal information through recent history. Please note that because our company is sensitive to the nature of the information we provide on the Internet, we encourage parents to use our service as a family activity with children under the age of 18 and to carefully monitor any Internet activities (including use of the CMN services) engaged in by their children.CMN employs SSL - a specialized encryption and security technology -- to protect your Customer Information. We understand that this is especially important when there is an exchange of credit card, billing and password information. In addition, we limit access of Customer Information to only those employees who need it to carry out their jobs.CMN will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. You will only be asked for your name and email address when you initiate the contact and only if they are necessary to correct a service problem. **Links away from the CMN site:** If you click away from CMN to visit the site of any third party, you may be asked for your credit card or other personal information in order to purchase or use products and services offered. These companies have their own privacy and data collection practices. As described above, CMN has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. You should therefore review their privacy policies carefully if you have concerns about how your information may be used. **Notification of Change:** ****If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner that is materially different from that stated at the time of collection, we would notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post the notice, we will also email users who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices. **Contacting CMN:** ****If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us at: **Privacy Policy Administrator:**  
Conscious Media Network  
PO Box 528,  
Loomis,  
CA  
95650-0528  
USA
