> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the consumersadvocate.org privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150502121633id_/http%3A//www.consumersadvocate.org/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Consumer's Advocate - Educated Decisions Make Informed Consumers.

1\. Consumers Advocate Commitment to Privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you of how Consumers Advocate Group, LLC (“Company” or “we” or “our) collect, use and disclose the personal information we collect from you when you visit www.consumersadvocate.org (the "Website" or the “Site”), how such information will be used by the Company (as defined below), its Advertising Partners, and/or other persons or entities with whom such information may be shared, as well as your choices regarding the collection, use and distribution of such information and the security procedures that we have implemented to protect your privacy. By continuing to use the Website, you expressly agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, as amended from time-to-time by Company in its sole and absolute discretion. You further agree to regularly review this Privacy Policy to ensure that you are familiar with Company's then most-current policies and practices. 

2\. Information Collected. a. Information You Provide to Company: Company collects any information you enter on our site, or that you give us in any other way, including personally identifiable information (“PII”). You can choose not to provide certain information, but you may not be able to take advantage of our services and features. b. Automatic Information: When you visit a website, you disclose certain information, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, referring domain, and the time of your visit. This site, like many other sites, records this basic information about visits to our site. The only way to avoid having this information collected is not to use, access, interact with, or navigate to the Website. c. “Cookies”: Cookies are pieces of information that are transferred to your computer from a web server. Most browsers are set up to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to have your browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or to refuse to accept cookies. 

3\. “Do Not Track.” You may have a feature in your browser that allows you to change your settings to “do not track.” We are required to disclose whether the Site honors the “do not track” setting in your browser. We have developed the Site to provide a consistent interface and operability to all users, and thus we do not honor your browser’s “do not track” function. 

4\. How We Use Your Information. The information we collect is used for administering our business activities. Occasionally we may use the information to notify you about changes to our Website, new services, or special offers. 

5\. Sharing of Information. Our Website provides editorial commentary regarding third party product and service providers. Our goal is to provide you with honest opinion regarding these third parties and their products and/or services. Some (but not all) of these product or service providers may also be an Advertising Partner with whom we have a carefully-selected business relationship. When such a business relationship exists, and the other business has met our standards, we may share or otherwise allow access to information, including personally identifiable information, which is collected about you that will enable these other businesses to contact you in connection with products, services, and information that may be of interest. Currently, we anticipate sharing PII you enter on the Site with our Advertising Partners. These Advertising Partners are under an obligation to use your information solely for the purpose of contacting you in connection with your expressed interest(s). 

We may employ vendors to perform functions on our behalf. Examples of such functions may include email administrative functions and providing customer service. These vendors are under a contractual obligation to use confidential data received from Company, including your personal information, only for purposes that fall within the functions for which they were hired. 

Finally, we may be required to share and/or disclose your personally identifiable information in order to respond to an administrative or legal inquiry and/or action. We additionally reserve the right to share and/or disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties seeking such information when we, in good faith, believe that you have acted in a manner inconsistent with Company’s professional and ethical standards or in a manner create legal liability. 

6\. Who Has Access to the Information. Information about Company’s users is important. We will not disclose any individually identifiable information to any third party without first receiving that user’s permission. 

7\. Third Party Links. The Site contains links to websites operated and maintained by third parties over which Company has absolutely no control. Any information you provide to third party websites will be governed under the terms of the privacy policy of those respective third parties. Accordingly, we strongly encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing any information to the operators of third party websites, and to familiarize yourself with their privacy practices by reviewing their privacy policies. 

You agree that Company has no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the content, actions, and policies of third party websites. The inclusion of third party websites on or through our Website in no way constitutes an express or implied endorsement of such websites' policies. 

If you have any questions regarding Company’s Privacy Policy and or related practices, please feel free to contact us at legal@consumersadvocate.org. 

8\. Methods Used to Protect Your Information. Company uses security software to protect the confidentiality of your personal information including the use of SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) protocol and 128-bit encryption. In addition, Company’s business practices are reviewed periodically for compliance with policies and procedures governing the security and confidentiality of its information. Company’s business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons. 

However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and no data system can guarantee that it is free from error. Therefore, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant that it will be safe from theft, loss, damage, and/or corruption. By using our Website, you hereby agree that Company and its officers, directors, employees, shareholders, insurers, attorneys, vendors, agents and representatives, shall not be liable for any theft, loss, damage and/or corruption to your information, including but not limited to your personally identifiable information. 

9\. Children. This website is not intended to provide services or sell products to persons under the age of 18 without the consent and involvement of a parent or guardian. If you are under 18, you may use this website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. By using the website, you represent and warrant that you are either 18 years old, or are using the services offered by this website with the supervision and involvement of a parent or guardian 18 years of age or older. Company does not provide its services to children. “Children” as defined in the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998, and for purposes of this Privacy Policy, means persons under the age of 13. If you are a child, please exit this site immediately. 

10\. How You Can Access or Correct Your Information. You can request access to all your personally identifiable information by sending an e-mail to updates@consumersadvocate.org. 

11\. Changes to Privacy Policy. If Company’s Privacy Policy or procedures change, Company will immediately post those changes to the website. Any such changes will be effective immediately upon being posted, unless otherwise stated in the change. 

12\. Effective Date. This Privacy Policy is effective as of 1/1/2014. 
