> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the consumerdepot.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080616153335id_/http%3A//www.consumerdepot.com/pg_privacy_policy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Consumer Depot, Major Online Electronics, Computer Wholesaler Liquidator

## SEARCH

## BROWSE CATEGORIES

## JOIN MAILING LIST

**Security**   
To guard against credit card fraud, we offer secure online ordering using the latest Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology. The connection between your browser and our servers is encrypted with industry-standard SSL technology, which scrambles ordering information so that only your browser and our servers can decipher it. To use this option you must have a browser that supports SSL, such as later versions of Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape Communicator. 

**Privacy Policy**

**What information do we collect from you?**  
Like most other e-commerce Web sites, our site uses "cookies" -- small files placed temporarily in your Internet browser -- to keep track of your stay at our Web site. The text in a cookie, by itself, only tells us that you have visited our site before. A cookie generated by our site contains no information about you and does not gather information from your computer about you. It contains only an alphanumeric ID that, for example, allows you to retrieve your shopping basket. In this way, the cookie lets you continue shopping where you left off with your last visit without losing any of the items in your list. When you place an order, request information, or sign up for specials, we retain information which may include; name, postal address, e-mail address and, in the case of product orders, credit card number. Except to verify credit card information to complete your order, we do not use or release any credit card or financial information for any purpose. 

**Fraudulent Activity**  
IP address or domain name can used by law enforcement officials to identify fraudulent activity. Both the FBI and the US Secret Service are responsible for investigating Internet fraud cases. Persons who commit fraudulent activity will be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law. Fraudulent information will be provided to the issuing bank, shipping carriers, and our business partners. 

**How to Contact Us**

If you would like additional information regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us. Our postal address is: 

Consumer Depot LLC  
3332 Powell Avenue  
Nashville, TN 37204 

  * Our e-mail address for general information is [support@consumerdepot.com ](mailto:support@consumerdepot.com)
  * Our telephone number is 615-851-2125 
  * Our fax number is 615-851-2126 



**Access to Your Information**

By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Consumer Depot described in this Policy. If we change our privacy policy we will post any change on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

© Copyright 1997 - 2008 Consumer Depot, LLC. All rights reserved.

## TOP SEARCHES

## FEATURED PRODUCTS

## CERTIFICATIONS

## CUSTOMER RATINGS

[](http://www.resellerratings.com/seller1660-p1-s3-d1.html)

[](http://www.ourteamnashville.com/)
