> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the contentful.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209124517id_/http%3A//www.contentful.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Contentful

## 1.

    

## Collection of Data

Contentful GmbH ( _"Contentful"_ ) collects information through its websites on contentful.com (the _"Websites"_ ) in several places.

If you use the Websites, you will need to register to use certain features (each registered user a _"User"_ ). The registration process requires that you provide us with your first name, last name, email address, and company name ( _"Personal Data"_ ). The Personal Data will be handled by Contentful in strict confidence according to the applicable legal provisions. The Personal Data will only be collected, processed and used for the purpose of providing our Websites functions, unless you expressly consent to other uses. The Personal Data is collected, used and processed electronically.

No persons under the age of 18 will be actively marketed to, nor will they be knowingly asked to provide personal information.

## 2.

    

## Use of Personal Data

Contentful will only transfer or process Personal Data to third parties if this is required for statutory or legal reasons and/or if this is required in order to offer and implement services of Contentful to you and/or if Contentful has your explicit consent to do so.

Contentful shall be entitled to collect, process and use your Personal Data for the purpose of identifying, delimiting and removing malfunctions and errors in the telecommunication systems. If the requirements are met, Contentful may collect, process and use Personal Data that is necessary to uncover any unlawful use of the telecommunication systems and services. In accordance with prevailing legal provisions, Contentful may provide information to criminal prosecution authorities and courts for prosecution purposes.

Apart from this, Contentful will not pass on your Personal Data without your explicit prior consent.

## 3.

    

## Use of Web Analytic Services

The following web analytic services are used to improve the user experience of our Websites.

a. 
    

Contentful uses Google Analytics, a service for the marketing analysis of this website, of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses codes consisting of text and numbers, which will be stored on your computer and which allow for an analysis of the use of the Websites ("Cookies"). The information generated by the Cookie about your use of the Websites (including your IP address) will be transferred to and stored by a Google Server. Google will use this information, to evaluate your use of the website, to prepare reports about the website activities for the website operators and to provide further services connected to the use of websites and the use of the Internet. Google may transfer this information to third parties, if legally obliged to do so or if third parties process these data on behalf of Google. In no case, Google will connect your IP address with other data from Google.

Please note that our Websites uses Google Analytics with the extension '_anonymizelp()' and consequently IP addresses are only used in shortened form in order to prevent direct personal references.

b. 
    

Contentful also uses Kissmetrics, a web analytics service provided by Space Pencil, Inc. ("Kissmetrics"). The service puts first-party cookies on your computer which allow for the analysis of the use of this website. No permanent, resurrected or third-party cookies are being used. Information generated by the cookies will be transferred to and saved on a server of the analysis service provider. Together with the aforementioned information IP-addresses will be transferred to the service provider.

c. 
    

Contentful uses Mixpanel, an advanced analytics service provided by Mixpanel, Inc. ("Mixpanel") that helps improve web and mobile applications by tracking how users interact and engage. Usage information and Personal Data is stored by Mixpanel and is subject to their privacy policy. You can view their privacy policy at https://mixpanel.com/privacy.

d. 
    

Contentful uses Intercom, a third party analytics service provided by Intercom, Inc. ("Intercom") to help understand your use of our services and to communicate with you by sending you service-related notifications in the Contentful interface. Contentful uses Intercom to collect data for analytics purposes when you use our services. Intercom analyzes your use of our website and/or service and our relationship with you, so that we can improve our services. For more information on the privacy practices of Intercom, please check http://docs.intercom.io/privacy. Intercom’s services are governed by Intercom’s terms of use, which can be found at http://docs.intercom.io/terms.

e. 
    

Contentful uses Optimizely, a third party website optimization service provided by Optimizely, Inc. ("Optimizely") to improve our services. Contentful uses Optimizely to test and optimize different variants of a website. Optimizely analyses your use of our website and/or service and our relationship with you, so that we can improve our services. For more information on the privacy practices of Optimizely, please check https://www.optimizely.com/privacy. Optimizely’s services are governed by Optimizely’s terms of use, which can be found at https://www.optimizely.com/terms.

f. 
    

Contentful uses Crazyegg, an advanced analytics service provided by Crazy Egg, Inc. ("CrazyEgg") that helps improve websites by tracking how users interact and engage. Usage information and Personal Data is stored by Crazyegg and is subject to their privacy policy. You can view their privacy policy at https://www.crazyegg.com/privacy.

g. 
    

Contentful uses Segment.io, a third party analytics service provided by Segment.io, Inc. ("Segment.io") to help understand your use of our services. Contentful uses Segment.io to collect data for analytics purposes when you use our services. Segment.io analyses your use of our website and/or service and our relationship with you, so that we can improve our services. Segment.io also forwards analytics data to the other services that are mentioned above. For more information on the privacy practices of Segment.io, please check https://segment.io/privacy. Segment.io’s services are governed by Segment.io’s terms of use, which can be found at https://segment.io/terms.

h. 
    

Contentful may send you a newsletter with information regarding its services or other promotional material. You may cancel the order at any time and free of charge by using the link in the newsletter or in your user account settings.

    

## Consent to use of personal data

1\. 
    

I hereby consent to the collection, processing and use of the personal data, i.e. first name, last name, email address, IP address and company name ("Personal Data") by Contentful GmbH, Ritterstr. 12-14, 10969 Berlin, which will be passed to:

  * Intercom, Inc., 115 Sansome Street, Suite 810, San Francisco, CA 94104 USA ("Intercom") and saved on Intercom’s servers;
  * Mixpanel, Inc., 799 Market Street, Floor 7, San Francisco, CA 94103 USA ("Mixpanel") and saved on Mixpanel’s servers;
  * Space Pencil, Inc., 407 Morning Lane, Redwood Shores, CA 94065 USA ("KISSmetrics") and saved on KISSmetrics’ servers;
  * Optimize, Inc., 55 New Montgomery St. #888, San Francisco, CA 94105 USA ("Optimizely") and saved on Optimizely's servers;
  * Crazy Egg, Inc., 16220 E. Ridgeview Lane, La Mirada, CA 90638 USA ("CrazyEgg") and saved on CrazyEgg's servers;
  * Segment.io, Inc., 1000 Chestnut St, #12A, San Francisco, CA 94109 USA ("Segment.io") and saved on Segment.io’s servers.


2\. 
    

I further consent to the use of my Personal Data by Contentful for the purposes of market researches and sending me a newsletter.

3\. 
    

I can withdraw these consents and opt-out of having information collected by or submitted to Intercom, Mixpanel, KISSmetrics, CrazyEgg, Optimizely and Segment.io at any time by opting out in my user account settings.

## 4.

    

## Information

Upon request, Contentful shall provide you with the information on the stored Personal Data relating to your person, free of charge and without delay. The information can be provided electronically, if desired. In applicable cases we are obliged, upon request, to correct, block or delete the Personal Data stored about you.

## 5.

    

## Cookies

Contentful makes use of cookies to provide its Users with a customised product/service through identifying unique visitors and their respective usage patterns. Cookies are identifiers placed on a User’s hard drive by the server and allow Contentful to streamline its products to better suit Users’ needs.

Demographic and traffic data may be collected by third parties on our website. Third parties may also use cookies, for which we have neither access nor control.

The combination of this data could inadvertently lead to the identification of individual Users. User data may from time to time be collected and analysed for statistical purposes, though in this case no individual’s data will be identified. If the User has agreed to provide their information to third parties with the ultimate goal of receiving personalised products and services, then Contentful may provide said third parties with the relevant data. In this case, we rely on technical and organisational means to assure that applicable data security regulations are followed.

All information, whether on data processors on Contentful’ premises or on servers acting on Contentful’ behalf, remains in complete control of Contentful at all times. Servers may be located in jurisdictions where data protection laws differ from those in the User’s jurisdiction.

## 6.

    

## Use of Log Files

Contentful uses log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track User’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. However, none of the information stored in our log files, including but not limited to IP addresses, is linked to personally identifiable information.

At Contentful we collect aggregate traffic statistics, internet protocol addresses, browser types, and internet service providers (ISP) using log files. Traffic statistics include, but are not limited to: referring/exit pages, date/time stamp, clicking patterns and click through rates. These data are used to streamline the User experience, improve the products and services provided to Users on the Contentful Website. None of this information, however, is linked to an identifiable individual, and as previously mentioned, is only used in the aggregate.

## 7.

    

## Right of Access, Correction, and Cancellation

You are solely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your credentials and information associated with your account that you desire to remain confidential. You also agree that you are responsible for any and all activities that may take place, or occur under your credentials and account.

Maintaining the confidentiality of the User’s credentials is the sole responsibility of said User. Any activities that take place under a User’s account are the responsibility of that User.

If Users wish to withdraw usage rights, they can at any time delete their account.

## 8.

    

## Data Protection

Contentful hereby explicitly notifies you that data protection and data privacy during data transfer via open networks such as the Internet cannot be completely guaranteed under the current state of technology. You understand and acknowledge that the provider can view, in technical terms, the pages stored on the web server and, perhaps, other data stored on such server at any time.

## 9.

    

## Contact

Should you have further questions concerning the Data Privacy Provisions, please do not hesitate to contact us at privacy@contentful.com.
