> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the contactually.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-07-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130711204610id_/https%3A//www.contactually.com/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Legal Disclaimer | Contactually CRM

The information we collect through our Service helps us provide you with information specific to your needs and interests. This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) covers the Contactually service (the “Service”). Please read below to review our Privacy Policy and the types of information we gather through our Service. In this Privacy Policy, “we”, “us”, “our” and other similar references mean Contactually and “you” and “your” and other similar references mean a specific user of the Service. By registering for and using the Service, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy. 

How Does Contactually Gather and Use Information?

(i) Cookies. Cookies are pieces of data assigned by a web server that uniquely identify the browser on your PC. Contactually attempts to install cookies as part of the Service. Cookies enable our systems to recognize you and to gather information about your navigational patterns through the site. In the course of serving advertisements or optimizing the Service to our users, we may allow authorized third parties to place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. Any information provided to third parties through cookies will not be personally identifiable but may provide general information for the enhancement of your user experience by providing more relevant advertising. Users have the option to accept or disable cookies at any time through their browsers. Visit the “help” portion of your toolbar for more information. If you block or refuse to accept cookies, or delete cookies between uses of the Service, you may not be able to access or use certain features or functions of our Service.

(ii) Server Statistics. We collect general statistics to track user trends for our Service. The information that is collected in this manner does NOT provide us with any personally identifiable information about our users. This allows us to determine the most effective ways to communicate with our users. In order to prevent the introduction of viruses and hackers into the Service we may collect information, such as IP addresses, into a log file to be used to identify potential hackers of the Service.

(iii) Personal Information You Provide Us. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “Personal Information” is any information that identifies you, would enable someone to contact you, or that describes your relationship with Contactually. We collect and store Personal Information when you register to use our Service, ask a question, complete a form, conduct a transaction, or send us an email. If you do not provide the requested information, you may not be able to access or use some of the features and functions of our Service. We use your Personal Information to complete transactions, respond to your requests, deliver the products and services you request, and notify you of promotions, updates, or special offers that we think may interest you. 

(iv) Content You Provide Us. Should you provide us with any Content, we will assume that you have the right to provide us with such information. We may use such information in aggregated form to provide suggested contacts or other information to users of the Service. 

(v) Information in CRMs or Other Third Party Services to Which You Give Us Access. As part of the Services, you may give us access to your CRM or another third party service. We will only use that access as part of providing the Services, and we will only provide access to that information to other users if you direct us using functionality provided as part of your account to provide those users with access.

What Security Procedures Does Contactually Use To Protect Personal Information and Content? We use physical, electronic, and administrative safeguards to assist us in preventing unauthorized access, maintaining data accuracy, and correctly using your Personal Information and any Content. We use reasonable efforts to avoid the presence of malware on our site or as part of the Service. Except to the extent due to our gross negligence or willful misconduct, we expressly disclaim, and you release us from any liability associated with any technical issues caused by the Service, including any malware communicated to your computer or mobile device through any use of the Service. Except as specified in this Privacy Policy, we use commercially reasonable efforts to limit access to your Personal Information and any Content to the employees, agents, and officers of Contactually who need the information for their jobs.

Will Contactually Disclose The Information It Collects To Outside Parties? Contactually may share information with carefully selected vendors and business partners with whom we work. This includes individuals and companies that perform marketing services and other business operations for us. All individuals and companies that act on our behalf are contractually obligated to keep all information confidential and to use your Personal Information and any Content only to provide the services we ask them to perform for you and us. We may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third party vendors, but these statistics do not include Personal Information. We may disclose Personal Information and Content we collect from you if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that disclosure is necessary (a) to obey the law or comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates; (b) to protect and defend our rights or property or the rights or property of other users of our Service; or (c) to act in an emergency to protect the personal safety of users of our Service or the public. As Contactually continues to develop its business, we might sell or buy lines of business or assets. If all or substantially all of Contactually’s business (or a line of Contractually’s business) or assets (or the assests of a line of Contractually’s business) are acquired by a third party, Personal Information of Service users will generally be one of the transferred business assets. We reserve the right to include your Personal Information, collected as an asset, in any such transfer to a third party.

External Links. Other companies or organizations may have links to their websites in our Service. We are not responsible for how these other companies or organizations collect, use, disclose, or secure the information that you provide them. If you choose to access a third party website through a link provided as part of our Service, you do so at your own risk and subject to any terms of service or privacy policy (if any) associated with such third party website. Similarly, we use third party-provided APIs and other tools to receive information from accounts to which you give us access (e.g., your email account(s) and your CRM platform). We are not responsible for errors or other issues associated with the functionality of such APIs and other tools.

Collection Of Information From Children. Contactually does not direct our Service specifically to children. We do not knowingly collect or use Personal Information from children under thirteen (13). If we learn that a user is under thirteen (13) years of age, we will promptly delete any Personal Information we have collected about that user. If you are under the age of thirteen (13), please do not send us any information about yourself. 

Consent To Processing In The United States. By providing any Personal Information and/or Content to Contactually, all users, including, without limitation, users in Canada and the member states of the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to this Privacy Policy and to the transfer of such Personal Information across international borders in accordance with Contactually’s standard operations, including the collection, storage, and processing of such information in the United States of America or other countries in which our employees and contractors may be located. 

Your California Privacy Rights. As stated in this Privacy Policy, we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure -- typically by opting in to receive information from a third party that is participating in some activity described in our Services. If you do ask us to share your information with a third party for its marketing purposes, we will only share information in connection with that specific activity, as we do not share information with any third party on a continual basis. To prevent disclosure of your Personal Information for use in direct marketing by a third party, do not opt in to such use when you provide Personal Information as part of the Services. Please note that whenever you opt in to receive future communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy. If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information. You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information.

California customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by emailing CaliforniaPrivacy@Contactually.com. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address. 

Modification And Notification Of Changes. Contactually may at our sole discretion edit this Privacy Policy. Notice of all changes to the Privacy Policy will be provided as specified in Section 11 (Modification and Notification of Changes) of the Terms of Service.

In Summary. Contactually is committed to protecting your privacy. The information collected from our Service helps us better understand our market and consumer interests. This allows us to serve our customers and business associates with the level of satisfaction they deserve. 

If you have questions or suggestions regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices please send an email message to legal@contactually.com.
