> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the continuum.io privacy policy that was archived on 2017-03-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170316073924id_/https%3A//www.continuum.io/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Continuum

* Continuum offers a variety of services that are collectively referred to as the “Services.” Continuum collects information from individuals who visit the Company’s Website (“Visitors”) and individuals who register to use the Services (“Customers”). When expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about the Services or registering to use the Services, Continuum may require you to provide the Company with personal contact information, such as name, company name, address, phone number, and email address (“Required Contact Information”). When purchasing the Services, Continuum may require you to provide the Company with financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number, and the number of employees within the organization that will be using the Services (“Billing Information”). Continuum may also ask you to provide additional information, such as company annual revenues, number of employees, or industry (“Optional Information”). Required Contact Information, Billing Information, and Optional Information are referred to collectively as “Data About Continuum Customers.” As you navigate the Company’s Website, Continuum may also collect information through the use of commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and Web beacons (“Website Navigational Information”). Website Navigational Information includes standard information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language), your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and the actions you take on the Company’s Website (such as the Web pages viewed and the links clicked). By choosing to provide any information to Continuum, you are giving the Company permission to use and store such information consistent with this Privacy Policy. The Company also collects and uses personal data regarding its employees (“Employee Data”), which may include: name, address, job title and other job information, location, compensation information, identification number, employment history, and copy of employment agreement.
