> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the conversationsforabetterworld.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160625164903id_/http%3A//www.conversationsforabetterworld.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy-Policy - Conversations

**Privacy Policy** for www.conversationsforabetterworld.com [Updated on 26/04/2015]

If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at conversationsforabetterworld1@gmail.com.

At www.conversationsforabetterworld.com, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by www.conversationsforabetterworld.com and how it is used.

**Google Analytics Cookies:-**  
We at conversationsforabetterworld.com does use cookies by Google Analytics to store information about our blog reader and visitor’s preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.All the information collected from Google Analytics can do no harm.We collect these information for better understanding our Blog reader and improving our blog for better reading experience.

**Google Adsense:-**

In order to support our blog financially we monetize our blog with Google Adsense.We don’t have any control over the generated by Google Adsnese, You can refer the privacy policy of the Google Adsense from Adsense.

www.conversationsforabetterworld.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.

If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.  
**Emails NewsLetters:-**

We at conversationsforabetterworld notify our blog reader through Email Id’s about the new tricks and tips. The E-Mail Ids collected from our blog are safe in our hands. We at any cost don’t share the email id’s with any one. And the BTW the we don’t spam your account because we too hate spam.

If you want to unsubscribe from the email list you can find the instructions at the end of the content in every email you get from us. ( If you are unsubscribing from the E-Mail list… We miss you., We Don’t want to miss you.)  
**Comments:**

We love to hear from our blog readers. You can comment on our blog posts and talk to us. Wile commenting you are required to provide the email id as to notify you about the replay to your comment. We use the Gavatar so the image you linked with Gavatar will be used our commenting system.

**Social Media:**

We are present on Social Media networks Facebook, Twitter and Google+ to connect with our blog readers, to spread the latest tricks and tips. The comments and any activity made by the you on any activity made by conversationsforabetterworld are visible to every one as per your privacy settings of your social profile.
