> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the niit.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140417091934id_/http%3A//niit.com/Pages/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy

###  Privacy Statement

This document is an electronic record in terms of applicable Information Technology laws and the amended provisions thereto pertaining to electronic records in various allied statutes as amended pursuant to the Information Technology laws. This electronic record has been generated by a computer system and does not require any authentication. 

###  1\. Introduction:

Your privacy is valuable to us.

We will not sell, forward or rent your personal information or what you share with NIIT, to any third party for any purposes such as marketing etc. without your explicit consent. This statement of privacy is applicable to our services available under the domain name WWW.NIIT.COM and any other connected sub-domain names and applies generally to subsidiaries of NIIT Limited. Your use of NIIT website signifies your acceptance of the NIIT Privacy Statement. 

NIIT strives to comply with applicable laws that are designed to protect your privacy. Any interpretation of the terms of this Privacy Policy shall be in consonance with the “terms of use”. 

###  2\. Safe Harbor

NIIT complies with the U.S. - EU Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries. NIIT has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To view our Safe Harbor policy, please visit - <http://www.niit.com/safe-harbor/>. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view NIIT’s certification, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>. 

###  3\. NIIT’s Principles to protect Privacy

In order to protect your privacy, NIIT has adopted the following principles:

a) Security   
b) Choice   
c) Notice   
d) Access/Accuracy 

(a) Security   
  Wherever your Personal Information may be held within NIIT, the company intends to take reasonable steps to protect it from unauthorized access or disclosure. NIIT is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number or password) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. 

(b) Choice   
  You may choose whether or not to provide Personal Information to NIIT. The notice NIIT intends to provide at the point where it collects Personal Information on the Site, should help you to make this choice. If you choose not to provide the Personal Information we request, you can still visit most of NIIT's Web sites, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers, and services that involve our interaction with you. If you chose to have a relationship with NIIT, such as a contractual or other business relationship, NIIT will naturally continue to contact you in connection with that business relationship. 

(c) Notice   
  Where NIIT collects Personal Information on the Site, NIIT intends to post a purpose statement that explains why Personal Information will be collected and whether NIIT plans to share such Personal Information outside of NIIT or with those working on NIIT's behalf. Unless the transfer of Personal Information is legally required, NIIT does not intend to transfer Personal Information without your permission to third parties who are not bound to act on NIIT's behalf. 

(d) Access/Accuracy   
  To the extent that you do provide NIIT with Personal Information, NIIT wishes to maintain accurate Personal Information. Where NIIT collects Personal Information from you on the Site, its aim is to provide a means of contacting NIIT should you need to update or correct that Information. If for any reason those means are unavailable or inaccessible, you may send updates and corrections about your Personal Information to privacy@NIIT.com and NIIT will make reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes. 

###  4\. Your Consent

By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of NIIT’s Privacy Policy and to NIIT's processing of Personal Information for the purposes given above. There are times, however, when NIIT may need information from you, such as your name and address. When information is needed, NIIT will try (but is not obligated) to let you know at the time of collection, how it will use the personal information. 

Usually, the personal information NIIT collects is used only by it to respond to your inquiry, process an order or allow you to access specific account information. Occasionally, NIIT may make the e-mail addresses, of those who provide information, available to other reputable organizations whose products or services it thinks you may find interesting. In these cases, you will be offered an opportunity to limit access to your information. In case NIIT does not receive any response from you to limit the access of your information, it shall be deemed that you consent to such distribution of your Personal Information as mentioned above. 

###  5\. NIIT’s Disclosure of your information

For the purpose of alumni interaction or academic interaction amongst the enrolled students.  
For the purpose of intra business interaction among various subsidiaries of NIIT. 

###  6\. Affiliated/connected sites - 

We offer some of our services in connection with other web sites. Personal information that you provide to those sites may be sent to NIIT in order to deliver the service. We process such information in accordance with this Policy. If the affiliated sites have different privacy practices then the user is required to read their privacy policies. 

###  7\. Cookies:

The cookies installed by the NIIT shall be exclusively for the purpose of retrieving information from you which pertain to be useful for the purpose of running the Course of NIIT institution or IT Solution businesses of NIIT. Cookies shall, have limited scope, either for the purpose of students’ enrollment for imparting computer education or for the prospective business parties who will be availing the services of various IT Solutions. 

###  8\. Changes in privacy policy

Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice. Each version of this Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date. 

If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy, please feel free to contact us any time through this web site. 

###  9\. Questions or Suggestions

If you have any questions about NIIT Privacy Policy, collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information, please e-mail us at [ privacy@NIIT.com](mailto:privacy@niit.com;?subject:disclosure%20of%20personal%20information). 

NIIT reserves its right to change, modify or update this privacy statement at any time without notice. 
