> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the niiteducation.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161124143637id_/http%3A//www.niit.com/en/learning-outsourcing/policy/Pages/privacy-statement.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

### Privacy Statement​

 This document is an electronic record in terms of applicable Information Technology laws and the amended provisions thereto pertaining to electronic  records in various allied statutes as amended pursuant to the Information Technology laws. This electronic record has been generated by a computer  system and does not require any authentication.

### 1\. Introduction:

​​ 

 Your privacy is valuable to us.

 We will not sell, forward or rent your personal information or what you share with NIIT, to any third party for any purposes such as marketing etc. without your  explicit consent. This statement of privacy is applicable to our services available under the domain name www.niit.com and any other connected sub-domain names and applies generally to subsidiaries of NIIT Limited. Your use of NIIT website signifies your acceptance of the NIIT Privacy Statement.

 NIIT strives to comply with applicable laws that are designed to protect your privacy. Any interpretation of the terms of this Privacy Policy shall be in  consonance with the “terms of use”.

### 2\. NIIT’s Principles to protect Privacy 

 In order to protect your privacy, NIIT has adopted the following principles:

#### ​​ (a) Security 

 Wherever your Personal Information may be held within NIIT, the company intends to take reasonable steps to protect it from unauthorized access or  disclosure. NIIT is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help  protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer  systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number or  password) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.

#### ​​ (b) Choice

​​ You may choose whether or not to provide Personal Information to NIIT. The notice NIIT intends to provide at the point where it collects Personal  Information on the Site, should help you to make this choice. If you choose not to provide the Personal Information we request, you can still visit most of  NIIT's Web sites, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers, and services that involve our interaction with you. If you chose to have a  relationship with NIIT, such as a contractual or other business relationship, NIIT will continue to contact you in connection with that business relationship.

#### ​​ (c) Notice

​​  Where NIIT collects Personal Information on the Site, NIIT intends to post a purpose statement that explains why Personal Information will be collected and  whether NIIT plans to share such Personal Information outside of NIIT or with those working on NIIT's behalf. Unless the transfer of Personal Information is  legally required, NIIT does not intend to transfer Personal Information without your permission to third parties who are not bound to act on NIIT's behalf.

####  (d) Access/Accuracy

 To the extent that you do provide NIIT with Personal Information, NIIT wishes to maintain accurate Personal Information. Where NIIT collects Personal  Information from you on the Site, its aim is to provide a means of contacting NIIT should you need to update or correct that Information. If for any reason  those means are unavailable or inaccessible, you may send updates and corrections about your Personal Information to mailto:privacy@niit.com and NIIT  will make reasonable efforts to incorporate the changes. ​​​​

###  3\. Your Consent

 By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of NIIT’s Privacy Policy and to NIIT's processing of Personal Information for the purposes given above.  There are times, however, when NIIT may need information from you, such as your name and address. When information is needed, NIIT will try (but is not  obligated) to let you know at the time of collection, how it will use the personal information.

 Usually, the personal information NIIT collects is used only by it to respond to your inquiry, process an order or allow you to access specific account  information. Occasionally, NIIT may make the e-mail addresses, of those who provide information, available to other reputable organizations whose  products or services it thinks you may find interesting. In these cases, you will be offered an opportunity to limit access to your information. In case NIIT  does not receive any response from you to limit the access of your information, it shall be deemed that you consent to such distribution of your Personal  Information as mentioned above.

###  4\. NIIT’s Disclosure of your information

* For the purpose of alumni interaction or academic interaction amongst the enrolled students.

* For the purpose of intra business interaction among various subsidiaries of NIIT.

  


### 5\. Affiliated/connected sites

 We offer some of our services in connection with other web sites. Personal information that you provide to those sites may be sent to NIIT in order to  deliver the service. We process such information in accordance with this Policy. If the affiliated sites have different privacy practices then the user is  required to read their privacy policies.

###  6\. Cookies:

The cookies installed by the NIIT shall be exclusively for the purpose of retrieving information from you that can be used for the purpose of running the Course of NIIT institution or IT Solution businesses of NIIT. Cookies shall, have limited scope, either for the purpose of students’ enrollment for imparting computer education or for the prospective business parties who will be availing the services of various IT Solutions.

###  7\. Changes in privacy policy

Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice. Each version of this Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date.

If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy, please feel free to contact us any time through this web site.

###  8\. Questions or Suggestions

 If you have any questions about NIIT Privacy Policy, collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information, please e-mail us at privacy@NIIT.com.

 NIIT reserves its right to change, modify or update this privacy statement at any time without notice.​​​​
