> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the buckle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161108045342id_/https%3A//www.buckle.com/guest-services/privacy-security/privacy-security) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Buckle

#### Privacy & Security

**Privacy & Security Policy**  
The Buckle, Inc. ("Buckle") cares about the privacy of our Guests. Our goal is to provide the best shopping experience possible for our Guests, and we strive to achieve that goal through our Internet shopping experience. Buckle.com collects client information to enhance your shopping experience.

**General Browsing**  
Buckle.com gathers navigational information about where our visitors go on our web site and information about the technical efficiencies of our web site and services (i.e. time to connect to our web site, time to download pages). This information allows us to see which areas of Buckle.com are most visited and helps us to better understand our Guests' experience at Buckle.com. This helps us to improve the quality of our visitors' online shopping experiences by recognizing and delivering more of the features, services and products our visitors prefer. In the process of gathering navigational information, certain information (i.e. domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address) may be collected which will provide information regarding a visitor's use of our web site (such as the time of a visitor's last visit to a page on our web site).

If you cancel an order or do not complete an order, we may collect and use any email address or other information that you have entered as we would collect and use it if you had completed an order. For example, if you shop Buckle.com and leave the site without completing your order, we may follow up through email with a reminder.

**Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information**  
We collect information from you, which you provide to us at this web site, including but not limited to when you establish or update an account, enter a sweepstakes, participate in a survey, shop online or create or send a wish list. Categories of information collected include name, address, email address, recipient's email address, telephone number, credit card information and messages you create. This information is used to enable Buckle.com to deliver products that you have ordered, to fulfill requests that you have created, to contact you or the recipient(s) in the event of order or delivery difficulties, for verification, to respond to your inquiries and to deliver services and information about our products or web site to you.

If you opt into our email list the information you provide (for example, name, email address, country, gender, and age certification) will be added to a database. Buckle, may use that information for our own internal marketing purposes. We may request information from you about your fashion tastes, your hobbies or your music interests. This information will be collected from you directly and openly. Using the information you give us, we may contact you with information or special offers. We will not require you to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity as a condition of participation. Buckle, does not sell, rent or lease the personal information of any of our guests, but we do reserve the right to share your information with third parties to perform services on our behalf. We use third parties to help provide services related to payments, site activity, surveys, database maintenance, email administration, recruiting, sweepstakes and marketing.

Buckle.com continually strives to maintain compliance with legal regulations. If we become aware of or have a good faith belief that we must disclose information about you in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity, we will disclose specific information about you to the appropriate legal authorities in order to protect the users of our Web site, the site, and/or the public.

**Do-Not-Track**  
Since we do not collect individual Guest's personally identifiable information about their online activities across third-party websites or online services, we do not search for or respond to do-not-track signals. We do not share personally identifiable information with third parties except to provide the services described above under "Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information." If services are provided directly by a third party using a link from our website to theirs, the third party's privacy policy and do-not-track practices apply.

**Applicants**  
We've partnered with Oracle to assist with our recruitment process. If you create an account in the Buckle Career Center or submit an online job application to Buckle.com, you will be providing your personal information directly to Oracle. The information you provide to Oracle by clicking "Login" or "New User" in Buckle's Career Center would be subject to Buckle's Privacy and Security Policy for Applicants, which may be viewed by clicking this link: Buckle - Privacy and Security Policy for Applicants [Privacy Policy - Applicant](http://www.buckle.com/guest-services/privacy-security/privacy-policy-applicants). For your convenience, other choices are offered for signing in or creating an account, each with their own privacy policy.

**Prescreened Offers of Credit**  
Buckle also shares and receives information about you from Comenity Bank, including, but not limited to information on your creditworthiness for private label credit card offers. This includes a credit preauthorization service that begins during checkout on Buckle.com. According to the FTC, this prescreening process does not have a negative effect on your credit report or credit score. If you prefer not to receive prescreened credit offers from Buckle and other companies, you may call 1-888-5-OPTOUT or visit [www.optoutprescreen.com](http://www.optoutprescreen.com/) to limit access to your credit report information. According to the FTC, requests to opt out are processed within five days, but it may take up to 60 days before you stop receiving prescreened offers. If you later change your mind, you may use the same toll-free telephone number or website to opt back in.

Comenity Bank issues and owns the Buckle Card credit card accounts. If you apply online for a Buckle credit card, you will be providing your personal information directly to Comenity Bank and the information you provide to Comenity Bank would be subject to Comenity Bank's privacy policies. To view Comenity Bank's privacy policy, click on the following link: [Buckle Card - Privacy Policy.](http://www.comenity.net/comenity/Home/ComenityOnlinePrivacy/)

**Privacy Policy for Minors**  
We value our relationship with our Guests of all ages. We welcome parents and their children to explore our site together. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not gather or use personal information from any Guest who indicates they are less than 13 years of age (or less than 18 years of age for residents of the state of Maine). A parent or guardian must assist any pre-teen Guest in any sweepstakes or ordering activity online with Buckle.com. If we become aware that we've gathered personal information from a minor, we will remove that information from our records immediately.

**Privacy Policy for California Minors**  
Minors under 18 that are residents of California and have an account on Buckle.com may ask Buckle to remove content or information that such minor posted on Buckle.com by contacting our Guest Services Team at 800-607-9788 or [ guest.services@buckle.com ](mailto:guest.services@buckle.com). We will need the minor's first and last name, email address and social media identifiers. Please note that such request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of such minor's content or information posted on Buckle.com.

**Use of Cookies**  
Buckle.com uses a browser feature known as a cookie, which is placed on your computer. Cookies are small amounts of data that are transferred to your computer by our server. The cookies are stored on your computer's hard drive and are used by Buckle.com to help track your clicks and pass information as you go through the pages within the Buckle web site and provide a more personalized experience. Buckle.com also uses cookies to help keep track of how many items you put into your shopping bag and to tell us whether you have previously visited Buckle.com. Cookies allow Buckle.com to make our site more responsive to your needs, by delivering a better and more personalized experience to you. Most browsers automatically accept cookies. We do not recommend you disable your cookies.

We also use a technology known as clear gifs, which are typically stored in emails, to help us confirm your receipt of, and response to, our emails and to provide you with a more personalized experience. If you register or purchase product through Buckle.com, we may associate navigational information from your previous browsing visits with the personal information you provide.

In addition, we carefully select third party advertising companies and allow them to collect certain information (i.e domain type, browser version, service provider and IP address) by placing cookies when you choose to visit Buckle.com. This information is used to report marketing program effectiveness directly back to Buckle. We have carefully selected Google Analytics, which assists us in better understanding your use of our site. This third party company analyzes the information it collects on our behalf and returns it back to Buckle.com through a secure web connection. The information and analysis will be used to assist us in better understanding your interests in our web site and how to better serve those interests and provide you with more personalized product offerings. Google Analytics is contractually prohibited from using our data for any other purposes.

For more information about Google Analytics, the data it collects and how that service processes your information, please visit "How Google Uses Data When You Use Our Partners' Sites or Apps" at [Google - Privacy Policy](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). For more information, including how to opt-out, consult Google's privacy policy by clicking the following link: [Google Privacy](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/).

**Updating Personal Information**  
We prefer to keep your personal information accurate and up-to-date. To do this, we provide you with the opportunity to update or modify your personal information including billing and shipping information by logging in to [Your Account](http://www.bkedev.com/guest-services/account/profile.jsp).

**Links**  
For your convenience, our web site may contain links to other sites. Buckle is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.

**Buckle.com's Email List**  
Joining Buckle.com's email list allows you to receive exclusive information about special offers, media events, new products and much more. If you're not already registered, simply complete our [sign-up](https://www.buckle.com/newsletter/signup) form to receive these special messages. You may also opt-in to our email database through our physical stores at the cash register. Those names are electronically added in batch to our email database weekly. If you have opted-out of our email database in the past but have more recently opted back into our email database through the store register, we will renew your subscription at that time. If at any time you would like to stop future delivery of Buckle.com's email messages, please follow the removal instructions located at the bottom of each email message. This will not prevent you from receiving email communications relating to any online order you place at Buckle.com, requests to participate in surveys about our products or other operational email communications.

Buckle.com will never ask you through email to provide personal information including credit card numbers, passwords, mother's maiden name, bank account numbers, ATM pass codes or social security numbers. The best way to protect yourself from phishing scams is for you to avoid supplying personal information to any email request. If you believe the request might be legitimate, please call the company's customer service department to verify this before providing any information, but do not use phone numbers contained in the email (if any are included).

**International Customer Privacy**  
To fill international orders, Buckle.com partners with Pitney Bowes Global Ecommerce, formerly known as Borderfree, Inc. ("Borderfree"). Borderfree agrees not to sell, transfer or otherwise use your information other than for processing international shipments. Borderfree will collect your personal information during checkout and will provide this information to Buckle in connection with Borderfree performing its obligations under our agreement. Borderfree may also provide your personal information to certain service providers, including but not limited to delivery agents, customs brokers and fraud management parties, but will always limit the information provided to be that which is reasonably sufficient for those service providers to carry out their responsibilities. As of the effective date of this policy, Borderfree complies with the U.S. - EU Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and the U.S. Swiss Safe Harbor Framework established by the U.S. Department of Commerce. For more information about Borderfree, the data it collects and how they process your information, please visit Borderfree's privacy policy by clicking the following link: [ Borderfree - Privacy Policy ](http://www.borderfree.com/privacy-policy).

Applicability of Privacy & Security Policy  
This Privacy & Security Policy applies only to the information collected online at Buckle.com. 

**Questions or Changes in Policy**  
If you have questions or concerns with respect to our Privacy & Security Policy, please feel free to [contact us](http://www.buckle.com/contact-us) through email at [privacyofficer@buckle.com](mailto:privacyofficer@buckle.com) or by mail at:  
The Buckle, Inc.  
Attention: Privacy Manager  
P.O. Box 1480  
Kearney, NE 68848-1480  


Should there be a material change in the categories of information collected at Buckle.com or a material change in how we use information collected at Buckle.com (whether a deletion or addition), for a thirty day period after the change we will note deletions with a strike-out and additions in italic type. Further, for this same period we will note [Revised] at the end of the revised sentence or sentences and update the effective date at the bottom of the Privacy & Security Policy. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, please visit our site often for this and other important announcements about Buckle.com.

**Security Statement**  
We have made every effort to ensure that the information transmitted to us online is secure through the use of a secure server. With respect to online sales, the person whose name appears on the card must be the one who places the order. The Buckle uses secure sockets layer (SSL) encryption for securing communications and transactions across the Internet. The SSL protocol uses digital certificates to create and secure confidential communications "pip" between the purchaser and our web entity. Data transmitted over an SSL connection is designed to prevent tampering without the two parties becoming immediately aware of the tampering. A key or padlock icon in the lower corner of the browser window identifies the security mode of a browser. When the browser is running in "normal" mode, the key looks broken or the padlock looks open. Once an SSL connection has been established, the key becomes whole, or the padlock becomes closed, indicating that the browser is in "secure" mode. SSL is supported in the vast majority of browsers, which means that almost anyone with a browser can benefit from SSL encryption. In addition, it is our policy not to send your credit card number via email. In fact, this is a practice we recommend you adopt in all of your internet activities.

While we implement the above security measures on this site, you should be aware that 100% security is not always possible.

**This Privacy & Security Policy supersedes all prior policies and is effective June 13, 2016.**
