> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the popculinary.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170616110455id_/http%3A//popculinary.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Pop Culinary

popculinary.com Privacy Policy  
popculinary.com respects the value of your privacy.

Information You Give Us  
The use of certain features and services on the popculinary.com may require that you register and supply personally identifiable information (ex. wishlists) such as your name, email address, telephone number and other information, which is stored by popculinary.com. When you register as a member, we may also collect additional information from you in order to provide you with those specific services and to personalize your experience on the popculinary.com. This information is strictly optional. popculinary.com does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested, with your permission.  
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when users visit our site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, check out http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.

Anti-Spam Policy  
popculinary.com is vehemently opposed to unsolicited bulk email AKA spam. We do not send emails to anyone without permission and we do not sell or provide email addresses to any unauthorized third party. We hate spam as much as you do. While we cannot prevent spam, if you think you have received an unsolicited email from us, please contact our Privacy Department and we will investigate.

Cookies  
popculinary.com uses “cookies” to automatically recognize returning users. A cookie is a small file on your hard drive that allows us to display your site preferences and search criteria on popculinary.com. Cookies used by popculinary.com may contain your user name, email address, IP address or zip code. Your internet service provider (ISP) assigns an internet protocol address (IP Address) to your computer when you use the Internet. We collect each IP address that accesses popculinary.com, computer and connection information such as browser type and version, operating system, and platform; your behavior on popculinary.com and related services, including the products and merchants you view or searched for, as well as the URL you come from and go to next and cookie number. We use this information, as well as other data in our databases, to analyze site and user behavior, troubleshoot technical problems, address complaints prepare aggregated reports that we share with others and customize your experience on popculinary.com. You can block cookies by changing the settings on your browser (contact your network administrator for help), but doing so may prevent us from delivering certain services to you (ex. wish lists).  
popculinary.com also contains links to web sites of third parties. popculinary.com is not responsible for the actions of these third parties, including their privacy practices and any content posted on their web sites. We encourage you to review their privacy policies to learn more about what, why and how they collect and use personal information. popculinary.com adheres to industry recognized standards to secure any personal information in our possession, and to secure it from unauthorized access and tampering. However, as is true with all online actions, it is possible that third parties may unlawfully intercept transmissions of personal information, or other users of the Site may misuse or abuse your personal information that they may collect from the Site.  
popculinary.com uses third-party advertising companies to serve our ads on the Site. These third-party advertising companies employ cookie and 1×1 pixel .gifs or web beacons to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients. To do so, these companies may use anonymous information about your visits to our website and other websites, but will not collect any information which can personally identify you or can be linked to you. This information can include: date/time of banner ad shown, the banner ad that was shown, their cookie, and the IP address. This information can also be used for online preference marketing purposes. If you want to prevent a third-party advertiser from collecting data, currently you may either visit each ad network’s web site individually and opt out or visit the NAI gateway opt-out site to opt-out of all network advertising cookies.  
Click here for the NAI gateway opt-out site: http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp  
This site will also allow you to review the third-party advertising companies’ privacy policies

Minors  
popculinary.com is not targeted towards, or intended for use by anyone under the age of 18. By using popculinary.com you represent and warrant that you are 18 years of age or older. We reserve the right to terminate your membership in the event that popculinary.com becomes aware you are under 18. Persons under 18 may not submit any personally identifiable information to us, and if we discover that we have inadvertently gathered such information, we will take the appropriate steps to delete it.

Copyright © 2010 popculinary.com
