> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the popoholic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141122023229id_/http%3A//www.popoholic.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Popoholic » Privacy Policy

The following Privacy Policy governs the online information collection practices of popoholic.com. Specifically, it outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using popoholic.com website (the “Site”), and the ways in which we use and do not use this information.

**What Information is Collected About Visitors?**  
The information that we collect about you while you are using the Site falls into two general categories:  
1\. Information You Provide to Us: We may collect and store information, personal or otherwise, that you voluntarily supply while on the Site. Some examples of this type of information include email notifications that you sign up for regarding future events that we may arrange in the Scottsdale club scene.  
2\. Information that is Automatically Collected: We may also collect and store information that is generated automatically as you navigate through the Site; specifically we may use a standard feature found in browser software called a “cookie”. Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes. By showing how and when visitors use the Site, cookies help us track user trends and patterns. We may also use a third party service such as Google Analytics or Quantcast as a traffic tracking mechanism for the site. Google Analytics presents only aggregated traffic data to us in understanding our traffic patterns, i.e. general information such as Country, city or state of visitors, type of computer and operating system that they use, whether they are a new or repeat visitor. In addition, third party advertisers or third party ad servers that place and present advertising on the Site also may collect information from you via cookies, web beacons, clear gifs or similar technologies. These third party advertisers and ad servers may use the information they collect to help present their advertisements, to help measure and research the advertisements’ effectiveness, or for other uses. The use and collection of your information by these third party advertisers and ad servers is governed by the relevant third party’s privacy policy and is not covered by our privacy policy.

**How is this Information Used?**  
We will not disclose to third parties any of the information that we collect online about you and other visitors in any way and for any purpose except where we are required to do so by law, or to protect the rights, property or safety of users of the site. The site may include links to other websites and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we do not control. When you access another website or purchase third party products or services through the Site, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services. Please also note that as our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that we sell some or all of our assets, or the site is acquired by another company, information about our visitors may be among the transferred assets.

**NAI opt out**  
We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit:

[_**http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp**_](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)
