> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the popularscreensavers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20041230081113id_/http%3A//www.funwebproducts.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Fun Web Products Privacy Policy

**Fun Web Products Privacy Policy** This privacy policy applies to the MyWebSearch Toolbar Application, including Easy Installer (collectively, the "Software") and each of the related web sites (the "Web Sites") maintained by Fun Web Products ("we" or "us"). 

  * We do not collect any personally identifiable information (such as names or email addresses) about users of the Software or the Web Sites ("you"), unless you specifically decide to provide such information (such as by emailing a help request to us or when registering to use the My Info feature, as described below). We do not sell, rent or trade any personally identifiable information you provide when using the Software or the Web Sites. 
  * If you choose to provide us with an email address, we will not send an email to you unless you specifically request an email response to a customer service inquiry or contact is required in order to protect someone's safety or to enforce our Terms of Service. You are not required to provide an email address to use the Software or the Web Sites. 
  * The Software's "My Info" feature gives you one-click access to news, sports, weather, finances, horoscope, movie listings, lottery results and more, which appear in a thin window to the immediate left of your main browser window. The "My Info" feature is powered by My Way - a Web portal at [www.myway.com](http://www.myway.com/) \- and you can access customized content with the My Info feature only if you have registered with My Way. My Way registration is free and easy and does not require you to provide any personally identifiable information. Any information you provide to My Way is governed by the separate My Way privacy policy (which you can review by clicking [here](http://info.myway.com/index/id/privacy.html)). My Way registration is not required to use any of the Software's other features, and installation of the Software does not require or result in My Way registration. 
  * When you visit the Web Sites, we may place a small text file - called a "cookie" - on your computer that allows us to identify your Web browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, and to store your preferences and settings. Importantly, a cookie does not allow us to obtain any personally identifiable information (such as your real name or address) unless you have specifically provided such information when using the Web Sites or the Software. 
  * We also capture your source IP address which is a standard practice for most internet sites. We in no way associate your IP address with any cookies and do not use your IP address in conjunction with any personally identifiable information. 
  * If any of the Web Sites or the Software is ever sold or all or substantially all of the assets relating to a Web Site or the Software are transferred to another entity, we will transfer the information you have provided (such as any stored preferences or toolbar settings) to the acquiring entity in order to ensure continuity of your service. 
  * We recognize and welcome our obligation to comply with the law and this policy is subject to that obligation. We will, therefore, disclose information, including cookies, in response to a request from law enforcement officials or as otherwise required by law, or if we believe it is necessary to protect someone's safety, or enforce our End User License Agreement or Terms of Service. If we decide to materially change this privacy policy, we will prominently post those changes on this page. If you have any questions about this statement, feel free to contact us at [privacy@help.funwebproducts.com](mailto:privacy@help.funwebproducts.com). 



Effective Date: October 20, 2004 
