> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the popularliving.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-07-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070715023342id_/http%3A//www.myfree.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Free Stuff, Fun Stuff Cool Stuff at MyFree.com

Effective Date:  November 11, 2005

AMPERE MEDIA LLC PRIVACY POLICY

Ampere Media LLC operates various web sites.  Some of our web properties include:  www.MyFree.com, www.PopularLiving.com, www.MyIdeaCenter.com, www.HandCraftersVillage.com, www.MagazineLiving.com, www.CouponLiving.com and www.CatalogLiving.com.  Ampere Media LLC has created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your personally identifiable information at the websites we operate (the "Website"). 

As part of our business, we collect and, in some instances, may disclose information about you - but only as set forth in this Privacy Policy.  To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our personal information collection and use practices and the choices that you can make concerning the use of your personal information.  This Privacy Policy also applies to individuals that have agreed to receive e-mail marketing from PopularLiving.com or one of our advertising partners, whether at the Website, via e-mail, on third-party websites or otherwise.

**Information Collected and Use of Your Information**

For each visitor to the Website, our servers automatically recognize only the visitor's domain name, but not the e-mail address (unless requested and supplied by the visitor as a part of registration).

You must register to become a member at some of our web sites such as PopularLiving.com in order to qualify to receive the products and services available through our Website.  Some offers require a subsequent registration on the Milesource.com website.  To qualify and claim these offers, the instructions posted on the Milesource.com website must be followed.  The instructions may require the completion of a registration form, the completion of a survey and several weeks of active Milesource.com participation.  Please review the Milesource.com website for specific instructions as they apply to the individual offers.  If you wish to join Milesource.com to claim the offer and NOT join the Website please visit http://www.milesource.com/join/join.php3.  This link will direct you to a general Milesource.com registration page where you can begin the registration process.  On Milesource.com, you can view the offer of interest in the Milesource Award Center and the number of AwardMiles required to redeem that offer.

As part of our on-going efforts to ensure the best possible experience for all visitors to the Website, we collect data from browsers to aggregate statistical information.  This includes the type of browser being used, its level of HTML support and what platform it is on.  This Privacy Policy also applies to visitors to the Website that have agreed to receive e-mail marketing from web sites we operate such as PopularLiving.com, but have not separately registered to become a PopularLiving.com member.  The personal profile information that you submit to PopularLiving.com remains your property, but by submitting that information to PopularLiving.com, its partners including, but not limited to, Best Deals Alert, MyFree.com, SilverNGold, Dealhighway.com, ServingSurveys.com, MyBargainGenie.com, ConsumerValueDirect.com, SmartBrands, BargainSpot, SavingsAvalanche, Deal-zone.com, Couponandgifts.com, AskVinegarJoe.com, TVNewsDaily.com, AsmileADay.com, TensionBusters.com, YourDailySmile.com, YourSelfDaily.com, YourtimeDaily.com and/or any and all other affiliates, you grant Ampere Media LLC the right to use that information for marketing purposes.    If you are a resident of the State of California and would like to opt-out from the disclosure of your personal information to any third party for marketing purposes, please visit: [http://www.myfree.com/feedsend.php](http://www.myfree.com/feedsend.php).

When visitors elect to become members of one of our sites such as PopularLiving.com, we request that they provide additional, personally identifiable information.  This includes name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, age bracket, day and month of birth.  All registrants may receive e-mail confirming their registration, and subsequent correspondence.  If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by using the unsubscribe option on the bottom of every email.  Certain information, such as your e-mail address, is collected in order to, among other functions; verify your identity in the future within our database.  When you select to receive information about offerings from a third party company during the registration process, we will share your personal information with that third party company to carry out your information request.  Ampere Media LLC may also use such information to directly market certain offers to you (via e-mail, direct mail and/or telemarketing), to monitor compliance with our Terms and Conditions and for content improvement and feedback purposes.  We may sell the personal information that you supply to us and we may join together with other businesses to bring selected retail opportunities to our members.  These businesses may include, but are not limited to:  (a) providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation; (b) e-mail marketers; and (c) telemarketers. 

We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from customer lists, analyzing data, and providing marketing analysis.  These agents have access to our members' personal information as needed to perform their functions for Ampere Media LLC, but we do not permit them to use our members' personal information for other purposes.

Ampere Media LLC reserves the right to release current or past member information in the event Ampere Media LLC believes that the membership is being or has been used in violation of the Website's terms and conditions, or to commit unlawful acts, if the information is subpoenaed, if Ampere Media LLC is sold or acquired, or when Ampere Media LLC deems it necessary or appropriate.  By agreeing to these conditions, you hereby consent to disclosure of any record or communication to any third party, when Ampere Media LLC, in its sole discretion, determines the disclosure to be appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your e-mail address with other third-parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time to time, and Federal Trade Commission enabling regulations.

In addition, by registering at the Website, you agree that such act constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR §310 et seq.), as amended from time to time (the "Rule").  Notwithstanding that your telephone number may be listed at the Federal Trade Commission's Do-Not-Call List, we retain the right to contact you via telemarketing in accordance with the Rule.

From time to time, we may receive personal information about you from outside sources and add it to your existing registration information on file at the Website. We do this to improve personalization of our services (for example, providing better newsletter content, advertising and/or special offers that we think may be of interest you).

We may also collect other information such as your IP address, domain names, access times and referring third party website addresses. Ampere Media LLC uses this information for the operation of the Website, to maintain the quality of our offerings, and to provide general aggregate statistics regarding web sites we operate such as PopularLiving.com.  Such information is not personally identifiable. 

We also collect information such as the identification of the server that your computer is logged onto and whether you opened an e-mail message delivered to you by Ampere Media LLC.  We also may compare our member list to various lists received from other third party companies, in an effort to avoid sending identical or similar e-mail messages to our members.

When you obtain any product or service directly from Ampere Media LLC or a web site we operate, we collect certain financial information, such as your credit card number, credit card expiration date and billing address.  Financial information that you disclose to our company or web sites we operate is used to confirm your age and to bill you for shipping our products and services.  To the extent that customer credit card-specific information is collected by our company or a web site we operate, said information will be kept in confidence and will not be shared with any third parties (other than consumer credit agencies) without your prior informed consent.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Ampere Media LLC reserves the right to share with third parties the fact that we have credit card information on file for specific customers but we will not share the specific credit card information with third parties without your prior informed consent. 

**Information Collection Processes**

Ampere Media LLC may employ "cookies" to help customize your access to the Website and for the delivery of targeted advertisements.  A cookie is a piece of data stored on a your hard drive containing information about you.  Cookies have many benefits to enhance your experience at our Website and to facilitate the receipt of targeted advertisements.  For instance, by setting a cookie on our Website, a member would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our Website.  Even in the case where a member rejects a cookie, they may still use our Website.  The only drawback to this is that the member will be limited in what he/she can access in some areas on our Website, much like visitor-level access. 

We occasionally use cookies to anonymously track and target the interests of our members to further enhance the experience on our Website and for advertising, tracking and/or delivery purposes.   To find out more about cookies, please visit www.cookiecentral.com.  To disable and reject cookies, click here.  At no time will we share cookie-related and/or data with third parties.

In addition to cookies, our Website pages and/or e-mails may contain electronic images known as "pixel tags" (also knows as clear gifs) to track the pages that visitors and/or members visit at the Website for purposes of formatting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. 

Our Website may also contain pixel tags placed there by third parties to help determine the effectiveness of a joint promotional or advertising campaign. 

**Security**

Ampere Media LLC has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of personal information under our control. Currently Ampere Media LLC uses on some web sites we operate Secure Socket Layer Software (SSL) to protect data and secure any transactions. SSL encrypts information, including credit card numbers, names and addresses as they are transmitted over the Internet. Please be advised that, although we take every reasonable technological precaution available to protect your data, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  Therefore, Ampere Media LLC cannot warrant that your information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data at or through our Website is at your own risk.  However, access to your information is strictly limited, and not accessible to the public.  Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all Ampere Media LLC user information.  Employees not adhering to our firm policies are subject to disciplinary action. 

**Minors   **

Individuals under 18 years of age are not permitted to participate in obtaining products and/or services at Ampere Media LLC or any web site we operate.  No information should be submitted to, or posted at, any web site we operate by visitors under 18 years of age without the prior consent of their parent or guardian.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, children 13 years of age and younger are not permitted to access any web site we operate for any reason and we do not knowingly collect personal information from such children.  We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.

**Third-Party Links**

Ampere Media LLC does not endorse, nor is Ampere Media LLC responsible for the accuracy of, the privacy policies and/or terms and conditions of each of the advertisers and/or third parties accessible through the web sites operated by Ampere Media LLC.  The entities that advertise and/or place banner ads on web sites operated by Ampere Media LLC are independent third parties and not typically affiliated with our company.

**Acceptance of this Privacy Policy**

By using this Website including, without limitation, signing up for offers and/or continuing to receive information from any web site operated by Ampere Media LLC, you agree to the Ampere Media LLC Privacy Policy.  We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, and/or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time.  All changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on our Website.  Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of Ampere Media LLC websites or acceptance of our e-mails following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean that you accept any and all such changes and agree to continue receiving directing marketing from us and other third party companies.  If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please unsubscribe by visiting: http://www.popularliving.com/ j/cp/cp.php.  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of a website we operate, or your dealings with this Site, please visit us at http://www.myfree.com/feedsend.php or by sending a letter to: Ampere Media LLC, 3400 Dundee Road, Northbrook, IL 60062.
