> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the popupdomination.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140625125054id_/http%3A//popupdomination.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy — PopUp Domination

IMPORTANT! THIS PRIVACY POLICY (“POLICY”) DESCRIBES POPUPDOMINATION.COM, INCORPORATED PROTECTS, USES AND SHARES ANY INFORMATION WHICH IS PROVIDED BY YOU. BY ACCESSING THE SITE, YOU ARE INDICATING THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLCY AND OUR TERMS OF SERVICE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF SERVICE OR OUR PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE OR ANY SERVICES OFFERED AT THE SITE.

You are granted a limited license to use this product. The product may be used or copied only in accordance with the terms of that license, which is described in the following paragraphs.

## Types of Information that PopUp Domination Collects

PopUp Domination collects two different types of information from You when You use the Site. We collect certain types of personally identifiable information from You (“Personal Information”) when You register a member or affiliate account (“Account”). We also collect certain non- personally identifiable, aggregate information from visitors to our Site regardless of whether they create or sign in to an Account (“Traffic Data”).

Personal Information In order to create an Account You will have to provide Personal Information that may include: name, address, telephone number, billing information (such as a credit card number), the type of personal computer being used to access the services, payment and tax withholding information.

PopUp Domination may also use certain web technologies such as “cookies” to track Your use of our Site. Your browser may have an option that allows You to reject cookies, but doing so may limit Your use of our Site. Usage Information is anonymous and does not personally identify You. In addition, PopUp Domination may use web beacons or other tools to measure the effectiveness of, and otherwise manage, our online advertising. These web beacons enable our advertising server to recognise You when You visit the Site and to determine which banner ads bring users to the Site. PopUp Domination does not use spyware, adware or any other similarly intrusive software. The Usage Information that PopUp Domination collects depends on how You choose to use this Site.

DCS may use Your Personal Information to manage Your Account, such as responding to Your email inquiries or providing You with voluntary customer surveys to helps us to improve the types of products and services we offer to You. In addition, DCS may use Traffic Data to deliver tailored advertisements or joint ventures. For instance, an advertiser or joint venture company tells us the audience they want to reach and provides us an advertisement tailored to the audience. Based upon the aggregated and non-identifying information we have collected, we may then display or send the advertisement to the intended audience. Additionally, DCS may share non-identifying and aggregate information (except as described above), but not Personal Information, with third parties to administer certain co-branded products or services. DCS does not share Your Personal Information with these advertisers or joint venture companies unless You have provided Your permission beforehand. In these instances, You will be notified before any such data is collected or transferred and may decide not to use that particular service or feature. Finally, DCS may take the information collected in response to customer surveys and combine (or aggregate) it with the responses of other customers to create broader, generic responses to the survey questions (such as gender, age, residence, hobbies, education, employment, industry sector, or other demographic information). This aggregated, non-personally identifying information may be shared with third parties.
