> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the darendeal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120618025933id_/http%3A//www.darendeal.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy policy | DARE'n'DEAL

**Types of Information Collected and Uses of Collected Information**  
We collect two types of information about our Website Users: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. 

* **Personally Identifiable Information**  
Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies a specific End User. When you engage in certain activities on the Website, such as creating an account, ordering a product or service from us or our partners, submitting content and/or posting content in discussion forums, entering a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by us or our partners, filling out a survey, posting a review, sending us or our partners feedback, requesting information about our services, submitting an affiliate agreement, applying for a job, posting a video or signing up for special offers from third parties through the Website (collectively, "Identification Activities"), we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. It is optional for you to engage in an Identification Activity. If you elect to engage in an Identification Activity, however, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), email address, telephone number and date of birth. When you order products or services, we may also ask you to provide us with your credit card number, expiration date and authentication codes or related information. Depending on the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some is identified as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory information for a particular activity that requires it, you will not be permitted to engage in that activity.   
Tell-A-Friend/Buy it for a Friend. If you choose to use our referral service or buy a deal for a friend, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email with the gift you bought for them or inviting him or her to visit the site. DARE'n'DEAL stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email, sending their gift, and tracking the success of our referral program.   
Your friend may contact us at support@darendeal.com to request that we remove this information from our database.   
We use Personally Identifiable Information to provide products and services to you, administer sweepstakes and contests, enhance the operation of the Website, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze Website use, improve our product and service offerings, and to tailor your experience with third parties as provided in Item 3 of this Privacy Policy. For example, if you send our customer service an email we may use your comments and feedback to tell others about our services, and may post your comment in our marketing materials or on our Website. Your comments may contain personal information such as your name, we will obtain consent from you to post your name along with your comment prior to posting your comment for public view. In addition, if you use our Website to send information or a product to another person, we may store your personal information. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our Website Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. 

* **Non-Personally Identifiable Information**  
Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific End User. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the website you visited before coming to our Website, the URL of the website you visit after leaving our Website, the type of browser you are using and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. We, and/or our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers, may automatically collect this information when you visit our Website through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags, as described in Items 4 and 8 of this Privacy Policy.   
We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Website, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, and programming. 
