> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the daredevilmarketing.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120919225622id_/http%3A//daredevilmarketing.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | DareDevil Marketing

The website DareDevilMarketing.com and its publishers strive to respect and maintain the right to personal privacy of every individual that visits. Any information collected by the website DareDevilMarketing.com and its publishers about our visitors will be used only in the manner outlined in this privacy statement. This privacy statement only applies to the information that may be collected at the website DareDevilMarketing.com, its applicable sub-domains, and its associated podcast, the DareDevil Marketing Podcast.

**Collecting Information** – The website DareDevilMarketing.com may collect information about our users at varying points within the bounds of the website. At no time does this website attempt to sell or otherwise transfer this information to any third party after it has been collected other than third-party entities that provide software and services that allow for the safe and secure storage of the information collected. Additionally, this website and its publishers never attempt to collect information on website visitors that are under the age of 13 years old.

The information collected by this website is used solely for information and demographic purposes as well as occasionally contacting our visitors with offers that we feel are relevant to their interests and other relevant correspondence. Cookies help track a person’s “session” while online. By showing how and when our visitors use this site, this information can help us to continue to improve our site. We will only use cookies to view information on your hard drive that was put there by a cookie from this site. The use of cookies is an industry standard and many web sites use them. Cookies are stored on your computer and not on this site. if you do not wish to receive cookies, or want to be notified of when they are placed, you may set your web browser to do so, if your browser so permits. This website only collects data in order to better serve our target demographics (read: website visitors) in providing the most relevant and useful information and offers as possible.

**Information Collected** – We may collect the following information: name and job title, contact information including email address, demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests, and other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers.

**Use of Information** – We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons: internal record keeping, we may use the information to improve our products and services, we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided, from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.

**Security** – We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. The information collected this website during routine demographic research protocols will be kept confidential and in the confines of this website’s fair use as outlined in this document.

Any users that are registered with this website may receive additional announcements from us about services, products, newsletters or promotions if they have opted in to receive such information by supplying an electronic mail address (email address). Although this website does utilize us blinks to other websites, by clicking on those links visitors realize that the content and material presented does not reflect the views or practices of this website. Furthermore, users that click through links that lead to other websites are encouraged to review that site’s privacy policies as their standards may differ from those of the publishers of this website.

Any forums, chat rooms, instant messaging clients, or message boards that this website may contain and the user-generated content posted within may become public knowledge.

**Information Access** – This website and its publishers strive to maintain the accuracy of the information posted within the confines and jurisdiction of the website. users that post their information in comments, image uploads, message boards, instant messaging clients, forums, and chat rooms are able to delete or change that information at any time by utilizing editing tools provided.  
**  
Problem Resolution** – If, at any time, a problem arises that is not immediately changeable by the user, this website’s administrators can be reached by using our convenient [contact form](http://daredevilmarketing.com/contact).
