> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the christchurchstar.co.nz privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130403235416id_/http%3A//www.christchurchstar.co.nz/legal) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Online Privacy Statement | Christchurch Star

For information about the New Zealand Privacy Act and how it protects all personal information in New Zealand, [click here](http://www.privacy.org.nz/top.html). 

Your privacy on the Internet is important to us. Because the Internet offers the ability to collect certain types of information about users, we want you to understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of any information we gather. To that end, this privacy statement discloses what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it.

  * Collection
  * Disclosure of Information
  * Use
  * Cookies and Tracking
  * Content Providers, Advertisers and Partners
  * Nielsen Online
  * Third Party Ad Servers
  * Opting in and Opting Out
  * Changes to Policy
  * Holding, Correcting and Updating
  * Terms and Conditions of Use



**Collection**

APN Newspapers ("we" or "us") may gather two types of information about users including you ("you"):

  1. personal information, provided by you at the time of voluntary registration for the services we offer or surveys you are asked to participate in; and
  2. aggregated information generated by our systems or third party systems we use, which track traffic to our sites but does not relate to you personally.



Failure to provide necessary personal information when requested may result in certain services not being available to you.

go to top

  1. all information that we gather, including your personal information to APN News & Media and its related companies;
  2. aggregated tracking information and other information that does not personally identify you, to third parties such as our advertisers and partners;
  3. your personal information to third parties when we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law;
  4. your personal information to third parties provided we have your prior authorisation, which we will usually obtain at the time of collecting the information from you.



go to top

**Use**

We use the personal information we collect:

  1. 1\. for verification of your identity and assisting you in case you forget your password or login details for our registration services;
  2. for authorising and processing credit card transactions which you enter into online;
  3. to assist in providing the services requested by you;
  4. to provide further information to you about other websites and services or which we consider may be of interest to you;
  5. for future marketing, promotional and publicity purposes, including to carry out direct marketing, market research and surveys;
  6. for ensuring that you are shown the advertising and information that is most relevant to you and your interests; and
  7. for any other uses that you authorise.



go to top

**Cookies and Tracking**

We may use a cookie file containing information that can identify the computer you are working from. The cookie file is anonymous as it only gives us details of your IP address, PC platform (Windows, NT or Mac), Browser (eg. Microsoft, Netscape or other, plus the version of Browser) and domain (whether you are accessing the site from NZ or elsewhere). We may use the information generated by "cookies" to:

  1. track traffic patterns to and from our site including information like the pages you visit, the time you spend on each page, the date and time of your visit, and referring pages (pages you came from or go to);
  2. ensure advertising is being shown to the most appropriate person; and
  3. enable you to enter our sites and use certain services as a member without having to log on each time and to visit member-restricted areas of the site.



You can choose to refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use our websites, but you may need them for customisable areas of the site that we may develop in the future.

go to top

**Content Providers, Advertisers and Partners**

We do not control the practices of content providers, partners and advertisers connected with our sites and to whom you provide personal information whilst using one of our sites or services. Our sites contain links to other sites, which may not follow the same privacy policies as us. We recommend that you check any relevant privacy policies before providing your personal information to any third party.

go to top

**Nielsen Online**

We use Nielsen Online website measurement software and system to assist in tracking traffic patterns to and from our sites, aggregating anonymous information about visits to our sites, and randomly and anonymously surveying users of our sites. Nielsen Online is a leader in the Internet industry in interactive measurement technologies and market research and its system is an accepted standard amongst major New Zealand Internet sites. The system is used to collect information on our network such as the number of pages viewed, the number of unique visitors, how long these visitors spend on the website when they do visit, and common entry and exit points into and from the website. Random anonymous surveys are also used to collect further information about our users.

This non-personal information is aggregated by Nielsen Online and provided to us to assist in our analysis of our websites. The Nielsen Online data is also accessible by media organisations and research companies for the purpose of conducting industry comparisons with other websites. All our pages are coded with a small piece of Nielsen Online code that is transparent to you when you read that page. The software stores a cookie in your browser (if you have enabled cookies) which contains a unique identifier to allow us to track the number of unique visitors to our websites. This information is collected and aggregated by Nielsen Online and in no way can you be identified personally and no personal information is stored about you. For further information about Nielsen Online, [click here](http://www.netratings.com/), and for details of Nielsen Online privacy policy and how to opt out, [click here](http://www.netratings.com/privacy.jsp?section=leg_scs).

go to top

**Third Party Ad Servers**

Some of our advertisers use third party companies to serve advertisements when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites, including information gathered by cookies, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We do not control the practices of these companies and they may not follow the same privacy policies as us. We recommend that you check any relevant privacy policies before providing your personal information to any third party. For more information about the most widely used third party advertisement serving company, click here.

go to top

**Opting in and Opting Out**

If our intended collection, use or disclosure of your personal information is outside the collection, use or disclosure set out in this Privacy Policy we will give you the option to:

  1. opt out and not receive certain services or participate in certain interactive areas; or
  2. opt in, for example agreeing to be contacted by us in relation to certain matters such as notification of new features to the website, beta testing or promotional activities.



go to top

**Changes to Policy**

We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by notifying site users of the existence of a revised privacy policy.

go to top

**Holding, Correcting and Updating**

Any personal information that you provide to us will be collected and held by us at 46 Albert Street, Auckland, New Zealand. Under the Privacy Act 1993 you have rights of access to and correction of personal information that we hold. We offer the ability to correct or change the information collected at any time and as often as necessary. If you have any questions about how our services work or regarding this statement, contact us by email at [privacy@nzherald.co.nz](mailto:privacy@nzherald.co.nz) or by mail to APN Newspapers, 46 Albert Street, PO Box 32, Auckland, New Zealand.

For information about New Zealand's Privacy Act 1993 and how it protects the personal information of individuals in New Zealand, clickhere.

go to top

Terms and Conditions of Use

**Important**

These terms and conditions (T&C) apply to all users of this Site and it associated services. By using the Site you will be deemed to agree to these T&C without qualification. If you do not agree to be bound by these T&C, please do not use the Site or continue to use the Site.

**Username and Password**

Users of the personalised sections of the site will be allocated a username and password which must be used whenever requested. The username and password are personal to you and you agree at all times to maintain the confidentiality of your username and password and not to disclose them to any third party. You agree that you are solely responsible for any use of the Site by any person using your username and password. You agree to indemnify APN Newspapers against any and all claims arising out of your failure to maintain the confidentiality of your username or password.

**Access**

You understand that APN Newspapers may for security and technical reasons at any time in its sole discretion and without prior notice to you, prohibit or restrict your access to the Site. APN Newspapers will notify you as soon as possible of any restriction to your access rights.

**No Advice**

You agree that APN Newspapers provide no advice or endorsement of any kind and nor do APN Newspapers give any advice or offer any opinion with regard to the value or suitability of any particular transaction or course of action. The availability of information through the Site does not constitute a recommendation by APN Newspapers to enter into any transaction or follow any course of action. Any decision that you make must be based solely on your own evaluation of your circumstances and objectives. APN Newspapers recommends that you independently verify the accuracy, currency or reliability of any information made available via the Service and upon which you intend to rely.

**Information and warranties**

APN Newspapers and it's information contributors and associated service providers do not give any warranty whatsoever, including without limitation, as to the availability, accuracy, completeness, currency or reliability of the information or services made available via the Site and expressly disclaim (to the maximum extent permitted in law) all liability for any damage or loss resulting from your use of, or reliance on the Site or the information provided via the Site. The site services and information are provided on an "as is" basis. APN Newspapers make no warranty that the Site will be free from viruses or any kind of malicious code whatsoever.

**Linked sites**

No link appearing in the Content and no linked site is endorsed by APN Newspapers and no responsibility is taken for material on any linked site. You agree that by accessing any linked site you are doing so at your own risk and you agree to fully indemnify APN Newspapers against any liability arising out of your accessing any linked site.

**Intellectual Property**

You acknowledge that APN Newspapers is the proprietor or the authorised user of the copyright, trade marks and all other intellectual property rights (IP Rights) in the software, text, graphics and other material (Content) displayed or available through the Site. Unauthorised use of the Content is strictly prohibited and may infringe the IP Rights in the Content. Subject to these T&C's, APN Newspapers grants to you a non-exclusive and non-transferable single user licence to use the Content for your own private and non-commercial purposes.

**Use of Content**

For the purposes of this agreement, "content" means material including, without limitation, text, video, data, graphics and sound material, published on the APN Newspapers websites, whether copyright of APN or a third party.

You may not copy, reproduce, republish, disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, download, post, broadcast, transmit, make available to the public, or otherwise use the site content in any way except for your own personal, non-commercial use. You also agree not to adapt, alter or create a derivative work from any APN Newspapers website content except for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use of APN Newspapers website content requires the prior written permission from APN Newspapers.

If you run your own website, you may display the latest headlines from APN Newspapers websites on your own site using RSS.

We encourage the use of APN Newspaper RSS feeds, however, we do require that the proper format and attribution is used when APN Newspaper content appears. The attribution text should reference the newspaper name (e.g. Bay of Plenty Times) or the website domain name from which the RSS feed is sourced (e.g. [www.bayofplentytimes.co.nz](http://www.bayofplentytimes.co.nz/))

We reserve the right to prevent the distribution of APN Newspapers content and do not accept any liability for its feeds.

If Content is supplied by us containing an accreditation you may not remove this from the Content. You may not display the name, logo, trademark, navigation or other identifier of another person or entity on your Site in such a manner or in such proximity to APN Newspaper content as to give the user the impression that such other person or entity is the author, publisher or distributor of the Content displayed on your site.

We may in our absolute discretion deem your Site to be unsuitable for use of our Content. If we notify you that we consider your site to be unsuitable, you must forthwith remove any Content and Logo from your Site. Unsuitable sites will include without limitation those which:  
· promote or contain or link to sites which promote or contain sexually explicit materials  
· promote or contain or link to sites which promote or contain violence and/or illegal activities  
· promote or link to sites which promote discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age  
· exploit children under the age of 18  
· use Content in any manner that is obscene, defamatory, libellous, invasive of personal privacy or misleading.  
· violate our or another person's intellectual property rights

You acknowledge that on occasion we may need to request you to remove Content from your Site for legal or other reasons and accordingly you will, on receipt of a notice from us, immediately and permanently remove from your Site any Content identified in such notice by whatever means, including but not limited to decaching. In the event that such Content is not removed from your Site within 24 hours, you agree to indemnify us from and against all costs, claims and expenses attributable to and/or resulting from such non-removal.

**Technical Difficulties**

You acknowledge that your use of the Site and associated services may be subject to interruption or delay. Due to the nature of the Internet and mobile phone communications, APN Newspapers and it's service providers do not make any warranty that the Site or services will be error free, without interruption or delay or free from defects in design or engineering.

**Liability**

To the maximum extent permitted in law you specifically agree to indemnify and hold APN Newspapers harmless from any and all claims relating to your use of the Site or its use by any person on your behalf. For the purposes of this paragraph Site means and includes any linked site.

**Privacy**

You acknowledge that you have read and understood and agree to the terms of the Privacy Statement.

**Severability**

The illegality, invalidity or unenforceability of any part of the T&C will not affect the legality, validity or enforceability of the remainder.

**Variations**

APN Newspapers may vary these T&C from time to time.. By continuing to use the Site after a Variation has been posted on the Site or after you have been notified of a Variation you will be deemed to agree to the varied T&C.

**Termination**

APN Newspapers may immediately terminate this agreement without liability if it reasonably believes you are in breach of these T&C or wishes to withdraw the Site or any part of it.

**Law**

These T&C and your use of the Site will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New Zealand and you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New Zealand Courts.
