> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the christmastreeshops.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141121224635id_/http%3A//www.christmastreeshops.com/category/customer-service/privacy-security.do) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy & Security-Customer Service | Christmas Tree Shops andThat!

|  | 

## Privacy Policy

_Privacy Policy Effective Date: This Privacy Policy became effective on April 18, 2006 and was last revised on October 16, 2013._

The www.christmastreeshops.com web site (the "Site") is owned by, and operated and maintained by (or on behalf of), Christmas Tree Shops, Inc. which we refer to as the "Company," while we refer to our parent company, Bed Bath & Beyond, Inc., and our family of company brands, Cost Plus World Market, Harmon and Harmon Face Values and buybuy BABY, and other brands and companies collectively as the "Brands." We refer to the Company and the Brands together as "we" "us" or "our." This page sets forth our policies regarding the use and disclosure of information we collect from or are able to obtain about the Site's users. We refer to these policies as our "Privacy Policy." In addition to the lower case words "we" "us" and "our" defined above, you will notice that we capitalize certain words in this Privacy Policy even though the rules of grammar do not require that they be capitalized. We do this because these words have specific meanings in this Privacy Policy. These specific meaning are found where the capitalized words are placed in bold text and inside quotation marks.

We hope this Privacy Policy will answer your questions regarding how we treat information gathered from our Site. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy please feel free to contact us at [privacy.information@Christmastreeshops.com.](mailto:privacy.information@Christmastreeshops.com) If you wish to exclude your Personal Information from our direct marketing programs including e-mail, please refer to the section titled "How to Opt-Out" below.

This Privacy Policy governs use of the Site. One of the Brands may have a separate policy in place for a specific web site other than the Site (an "Other Web Site"). In such a case the policy applicable to the Other Web Site will be available at the Other Web Site and will govern the use of the Other Web Site. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you may provide to us or that we may obtain through means other than the Site, such as by phone or postal mail. By accessing and using the Site you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to use the Site. Furthermore, by providing us with Personal Information on this Site, you fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of such information in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

As we update and diversify our products and services, this Privacy Policy may change. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check this page for updates periodically. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here. Unless the law otherwise requires, we do not provide notice of changes to this Privacy Policy and your use of the Site following any posted changes will indicate your acceptance of such changes. **This Privacy Policy became effective April 18, 2006 and was most recently changed on October 16, 2013.** These changes were extensive, as they reflected the transition of the Site from an informational page to an e-commerce website.

## What Information Do We Actively Collect and Inactively Gather?

### Personal Information

In order to process orders efficiently, when you place an order with us or register an account on the Site we actively collect the following personal information: name, billing address, shipping address, e-mail address, phone number, and credit card number ("Personal Information"). If you prefer not to disclose your Personal Information online, you can always place your order by visiting one of our stores. 

We may periodically conduct surveys of visitors to our Site for internal research purposes that may include marketing. This helps us better understand what our customers would like to see from us. If you respond to such surveys, we may ask you for some Personal Information and/or may contact you for more information, but only if you have given us permission to do so.

We may also receive information about you from other sources.

### Site Usage Information

We (including through our third party service providers) may inactively collect from you information that is not in the same category as Personal Information. For example, we might track information about the date and time you access the Site, the type of web browser you used, your IP address and similar technical information, and the web site from which you connect to our Site. We collect and use this and other non-Personal Information (such as demographic data) to analyze and develop our business strategy and to determine how you found out about us, your interests regarding our products and services and how to further improve our Site. We, or a third party, may also collect information from your activities on the Site as well as other sites for the purpose of providing advertisements and other content that is customized to your interests and preferences. This means that our ads may appear on participating web sites based upon your browsing activity. To accomplish all this, and also to allow us to offer our customers streamlined ordering and other useful features, we, as do many web sites, use and allow our third party advertising companies to use the technologies listed below and other similar technologies (the **"Tracking Technologies"** ): 

  * **Cookies and Clear GIFs** \- Cookies are pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies make web surfing easier for you by saving your customer identification information (i.e., username, password, shopping cart information, etc.) while you're at a site. Cookies also track where you travel on a site and what you look at and purchase. A clear GIF is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual's viewing or receipt of a web page or message. You can learn more about how third party advertising companies use cookies and clear GIFs, including how to opt-out, by clicking here. Please read the explanation carefully should you choose to opt-out using this method. 
  * **IP Address Tracking and Clickstream Data** \- In addition to cookies and clear GIFs, our servers automatically collect data about your server's Internet address when you visit our Site. This information, known as an Internet Protocol address or "IP Address", is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider whenever you are on the Internet. When you view pages from our Site, our servers may record or "log" your IP Address and sometimes your domain name. Our server also may record the page that linked you to us and related information including any ads you may have clicked on. Such information is known as **"Clickstream Data."**
  * **Email Interconnectivity** \- If you receive email from us, we may use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message, click on any links or banners it contains and make purchases.



In some cases, we may link the non-Personal Information collected through the Tracking Technologies with certain of your Personal Information. WE WANT TO BE SURE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND THAT ACCEPTING TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES ONTO YOUR COMPUTER IN NO WAY GIVES US ACCESS TO YOUR COMPUTER OR ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION ABOUT YOU. Third parties (including, but not limited to, software vendors, advertisers and fulfillment companies) may also use Tracking Technologies by or through the Site. WE HAVE NO CONTROL OVER WHAT INFORMATION SUCH THIRD PARTIES TRACK OR COLLECT, AND HAVE NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY TRACKING, DATA COLLECTION OR OTHER ACTIVITIES OF SUCH THIRD PARTIES.

  * **Do Not Track Signals** \- Some web browsers and devices permit you to broadcast a preference that you not be "tracked" online. At this time we do not modify your experience based upon whether such a signal is broadcast.



### Mobile Device Identifiers

You may be visiting the Site from your mobile device. Certain mobile service providers uniquely identify mobile devices and we or our third-party service providers may receive such information if you access the Site through mobile devices. Some features of the Site may allow for the collection of mobile phone numbers and we may associate that phone number to mobile device identification information. Furthermore, some mobile phone service providers operate systems that pinpoint the physical location of devices that use their service. Depending on the provider, we or our third-party service providers may receive this information. 

### Wireless Addresses

If an e-mail address you have provided us is a wireless e-mail address, you agree to receive messages at such address from us (unless and until you have elected not to receive such messages by following the "How to Opt-Out" instructions below). You understand that your wireless carrier's standard rates apply to these messages, and that you may change your mind at any time by following the instructions below. You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges.

### Security of the Information You Provide

We use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt all of your Personal Information before it is transmitted to us so that it can be safeguarded as much as possible from being read or recorded as it travels over the Internet. You can tell you are sending information securely by the unbroken key icon or closed lock icon that appears at the bottom of your Internet browser's window. These icons will appear when you are placing an order on our Site. In addition, you will see our Site address change slightly, from http: to https: indicating a secure server connection is being used. The computers that store your Personal Information are located in a separate facility which employs firewall and security technology. We employ these procedures to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure.

You may be able to create an account on our Site with a username and password, including if you set up a wish list or customer account. We recommend you exercise extreme care in protecting your password information and do not publicly share any of your passwords. You are responsible for maintaining the strict confidentiality of your account password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of the Site by you or another person or entity using your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by or on behalf of you.

Your Personal Information will be stored and processed on our computers in the United States or other countries. The laws on holding Personal Information in the United States may vary and be less stringent than laws of your state or country. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to hold and transmit your Personal Information in a safe, confidential and secure environment. If you object to your Personal Information being transferred or used in this manner please do not register with or use the Site.

ALTHOUGH WE WILL TAKE (AND REQUIRE OUR THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS TO TAKE) REASONABLE SECURITY PRECAUTIONS TO PROTECT THE PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM AND STORED ON THE SITE, BECAUSE OF THE OPEN NATURE OF THE INTERNET, WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED ON OUR SERVERS, TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM A USER, OR OTHERWISE IN OUR CARE WILL BE ABSOLUTELY SAFE FROM INTRUSION BY OTHERS, SUCH AS HACKERS. ACCORDINGLY, WE DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY THEFT OR LOSS OF, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR DAMAGE TO, OR INTERCEPTION OF ANY DATA OR COMMUNICATIONS. BY USING THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO ASSUME THESE RISKS.

### How Do We Use the Information that You Provide and We Collect?

We collect Personal Information for the purposes of fulfilling orders, processing returns and exchanges and providing you with the services you have chosen, providing a high level of customer service, providing you with information we believe may be of interest to you including mailing our circulars and special offers, for editorial and feedback purposes, for internal marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of your behavior, for product development, for content improvement, for protection against fraud and error, and to customize the content and layout of the Site (collectively, **"Information Usage Purposes** ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, we will not knowingly use a mobile phone number for marketing purposes without first obtaining your consent. In performing the Information Usage Purposes, we may combine information we collect on the Site with information we receive from other sources, or may permit a third party to pool your non-Personal Information with other such information collected or maintained by such third party. We do not sell Personal Information and we do not disclose Personal Information to any other party, except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Unless otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, any non-Personal Information you transmit to the Site or we collect from the Site will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary and you agree that we may use any such non-Personal Information (together with any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained therein) in any manner, for any purpose, without credit or compensation to you. 

### Sharing of Your Information With Our Partners; Transfer of Your Information 

We may provide your Personal Information to our associates and to companies with whom we have contracted in providing our service or other services to you and in performing Information Usage Purposes. We screen and reasonably determine to be reputable any third party to whom we disclose such information and we require such third parties to agree to use the Personal Information only for specified purposes. Each of our partners must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of your Personal Information in order to protect your Personal Information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure.

If we merge, or sell or otherwise transfer our assets, Site or operations, we may disclose or transfer your Personal Information in connection with such transaction. 

### Use of Information in Sweepstakes and Contests

Occasionally we may run a promotion such as a sweepstakes or a contest (a **"Promotion"** ), and you will be given the opportunity to enter by filling out an entry form, or in some cases, you may be automatically entered by using a designated type of credit card when placing an order. Your entry information may be shared with third parties for the limited purposes of administering the sweepstakes and selecting a winner(s) and may be used to notify you in connection with the sweepstakes or contest and to verify your identity. When you enter such a Promotion, you will have the opportunity to consent to receive future communications from us. Since we value your privacy, you will always have the opportunity to stop such communications as detailed below. In addition, some Promotions may have one or more co-sponsors, and you may also be asked upon entry to consent to receive future communications from such co-sponsors. In the event your consent is indicated, the information from your entry will be shared with the co-sponsors. In those situations, the third parties will have the right to use your information for their own purposes, in accordance with their own policies, and we are not responsible for how co-sponsors may use your information. In all events, we will make it clear to you in the entry, order or registration form, before you submit it, whether you are consenting to receive information from any party, and you will be given the opportunity to confirm or withdraw such consent prior to submitting your entry, order or registration.

In any case, where you elect to have us share your information with third parties, such as in the Promotions discussed above, those elections to have your information shared will supersede anything to the contrary in this Privacy Policy. 

### How to Opt-out

We will only send e-mail for customer service purposes and to those customers who have indicated that they wish to receive other types of e-mail from us and our subsidiaries.

If at any time you wish to stop receiving e-mail from us, you can always remove your name from our mailing list by clicking through to our unsubscribe page from this link at <http://app.christmastreeshops.com/prefs/unsub.cfm>, entering the email address that is currently subscribed to our e-mail list and clicking submit. Although we will promptly remove your name from our e-mail list upon receiving your [unsubscribe](http://app.christmastreeshops.com/prefs/unsub.cfm) request, it is possible that you may still receive e-mails from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed from our list.

THE OPT-OUT RIGHTS AND PROCEDURES DESCRIBED IN THIS SECTION ARE THE DEFAULT RULES AND PROCEDURES WE USE IN OPERATING THE SITE AND ARE THE STANDARD BY WHICH WE ADHERE TO IN OUR PRIVACY POLICY.

### Release of Information to Protect Our Site and Others

We may release Personal Information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is necessary to comply with law, protect the rights, properties or safety of Christmas Tree Shops, our users or others, or enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements.

### Your Account Access Rights

You may review and make changes to the Personal Information that is stored in your user account on the Site by visiting the "My Account" area of the Site. 

### Intended Users; Use By Children under 13

The Site is not purposefully directed at children under the age of 13 and all products available for sale on the Site are intended to be purchased by adults. We do not collect or maintain Personal Information, via the Site or otherwise, from those we actually know are children under 13 years of age. If you notify us that information has been provided by a child under the age of 13, upon verification, we will promptly delete such information. 

### Third Party Ad Servers; Links to Other Web Sites

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Site. The Site also may contain links to other web sites that are not under our control. These links may include the use of so-called "share links." A "share link" is a button and/or text link appearing on our Site that enables the launch of a sharing mechanism whereby you can post links to, and content from, the Site onto social networking web sites such as Facebook. The privacy policies of other web site operators or advertisers may significantly differ from our Privacy Policy. We urge you to read the privacy statements of each and every web site you visit and to contact the third-party web site operators or advertisers directly if you have any questions or concerns about their data collection or privacy policies. WE HAVE NO CONTROL OR INFLUENCE OVER THE PRIVACY PRACTICES OF SUCH OTHER WEB SITES AND ADVERTISERS AND WE DO NOT ASSUME ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY THIRD-PARTY WEB SITE OPERATORS' OR ADVERTISERS' DATA COLLECTION PRACTICES, THEIR FAILURE TO ABIDE BY THEIR PRIVACY POLICIES OR THE CONTENT OF ANY THIRD PARTY WEB SITES.

### Your California Privacy Rights

Under California Civil Code §§1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of Personal Information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties' or corporate affiliates' direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to Christmas Tree Shops, Inc., 650 Liberty Avenue, Union, New Jersey 07083, attn: Customer Service - Privacy. 
