> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the christiandatingforfree.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080616013827id_/http%3A//www.christiandatingforfree.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Christian Dating For Free PRIVACY POLICY | Online Community of Single Christians

  
Christian Dating For Free PRIVACY POLICY

 **Collection and Use of Information**  
Through ChristianDatingForFree.com, our members may take advantage of the many services and features available online.  In order to provide you with our services, you must provide us with certain necessary information.  Christian Dating For Free treats all of your information with the utmost care for your privacy and security.  Christian Dating For Free does not sell, trade, or otherwise disclose customer lists names, addresses, birth dates, email address or other individually identifiable information (collectively "Personal Information") to unaffiliated third parties without your permission.  In the event that Christian Dating For Free should be acquired or substantially all of its assets transferred, Personal Information would be considered a transferable asset.  Christian Dating For Free will give registered members notice prior to transferring their Personal Information, and an opportunity to opt-out of having their Personal Information transferred to the new entity.  Further, in the event we make a material change in the way we collect your Personal Information, use your Personal Information, or change our email policies, you will be notified by email or through a prominent notice on our website.  For your information, below is a detailed list of the services available through ChristianDatingForFree.com, an outline of the information collected from you to provide such services, and a description of what we do with such information. 

**Sign Up**  
During sign-up, ChristianDatingForFree.com collects the following Personal Information: name, address, birth date, and email address, along with other individual identifiable information about you and the type of people and relationships you are seeking through our website. This Personal Information may then be imported into the website programs to simplify the amount of information you will be required to enter when using the features available on ChristianDatingForFree.com.  In the event there is a change or update to the services available on our website, Christian Dating For Free may use your Personal Information to contact you regarding such a change or update.  Your demographic data is used to show you content that may be of interest to you, and to help us display the content of our website according to your preferences.

Also, Christian Dating For Free uses your Personal Information to send you information about our company and select partners.  You may control the receipt of such information; see the choice/opt-out section below. 

**Email Communication**  
We use your email address to help us operate the website by sending appropriate communication to you related to billing and website changes.  We also use your email address to forward communications from other ChristianDatingForFree.com members.  Email communications may contain commercial messaging, such as ads and special offers from ChristianDatingForFree.com or our affiliates.  We may use action tags, also know a single-pixel gif or Web Beacons, to learn more about your visits to this Site in order to provide emails about goods and services of interest to you.  We may also use tracking technologies to determine if you receive and open an email communication and if you click on the email communication to access our website.

**Message Board**  
If you use a bulletin board or chat room on this site, you should be aware that any Personal Information you submit there can be read, collected or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages.  We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit in these forums.  It is important for you to exercise discretion and appropriate caution when deciding, if at all, to reveal Personal Information in these areas.  Users who violate chat room rules, our Terms of Use, our Code of Ethics, or any other policy may be temporarily or permanently banned from accessing our chat rooms and/or our website at any time in our sole discretion.

**Corporate Information**  
In addition to the wide array of services offered through ChristianDatingForFree.com, you may also find out more information about Christian Dating For Free and its affiliated companies through our website.  If the information you are interested in is not available on the website, we encourage you to request further information by completing an information form that requires your name, address and email address.  There is also a place for you to provide your daytime phone number if you wish to have someone from Christian Dating For Free call you, but this information is optional.  We will use your contact information to reach you regarding your request for information, either by phone or by sending the data to your street address or email address.  Your contact information will be used only for the specific purpose for which you provided it.  Christian Dating For Free will not share this information with third parties who are not affiliated companies of Christian Dating For Free. 

**Advertisers**  
Users of ChristianDatingForFree.com should note that when you are on ChristianDatingForFree.com, you may be directed to other websites that are beyond our control.  For example, if you click on a banner advertisement, the click may take you off the ChristianDatingForFree.com website.  Banner advertisers on ChristianDatingForFree.com do not have access to your Personal Information so long as you remain on our website.  However, these other websites may independently collect data, solicit Personal Information or send their own cookies to you in accordance with their own policies.  Christian Dating For Free, or its affiliates, is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.  We strongly encourage you to review the policies of any such third parties to whom you may give Personal Information.  We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf.  In order to make sure that the advertising you may see is relevant to you, these companies may employ cookies and action tags, also known as single-pixel gifs or Web beacons.  Be assured that any information these third parties collect is completely anonymous. If you do not want these third-party advertisers collecting information about you, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) to opt out. 

**Cookies**  
Cookies are used to deliver content specific to a user's potential interests and for the administration of passwords, among other purposes.  For example, we also may use cookies to ensure users do not see the same advertisements and product offerings repeatedly.  It is important to note that cookies are not linked to Personal Information.  Since our website is specifically designed to your interests, disabling your browser from accepting cookies will prevent you from accessing many of the features on ChristianDatingForFree.com. 

**Your IP Address**  
A user’s IP address is used by most e-commerce websites to collect demographic data and improve service.  We use your IP address, as well as the website you visited prior to our website for much the same purpose.  We automatically gather this information after each visit and translate this information into a resource that we can use to identify and correct problems with our website and better understand our users, as well as continually update and expand our offerings. 

**Limited Access to Personal Information**  
Christian Dating For Free guards your Personal Information carefully.  The Personal Information that you provide will be used by Christian Dating For Free to provide you with information about products and services available to you through Christian Dating For Free and select partners.  Christian Dating For Free will not disclose Personal Information to non-affiliated third parties without your permission.

Upon your request, ChristianDatingForFree.com will share your Personal Information with its affiliated representatives.  For example, if you need assistance in completing your profile, you may request that an affiliated relationship consultant contact you to review your profile or provide other assistance.  Upon such a request, ChristianDatingForFree.com will forward your name, phone number and other information you authorize to a relationship consultant.  Christian Dating For Free will not, however, forward any Personal Information without your request to do so.

Christian Dating For Free may share aggregate Personal Information collected through ChristianDatingForFree.com with non-affiliated third parties.  Aggregate information does not identify you, but rather is based upon a summary of information about all users.  For example, we may tell an advertiser that 10,000 users clicked on a specific link, and out of the 10,000 users, 35% were from California.  This aggregate information assists advertisers in determining how they can best promote their products.  We will not tell our advertisers who it was that saw or clicked on their advertisements.

Christian Dating For Free will not disclose your Personal Information to non-affiliated third parties without your permission unless we need to do so in order to comply with applicable law, a subpoena, or other legal process or to protect the personal safety of our users or the public.  Christian Dating For Free does not sell or rent Personal Information about its users to non-affiliated third parties.  If Christian Dating For Free intends to share your Personal Information with a non-affiliated third party, we will do so only with your knowledge and consent.

In order to further enhance the safety of our services, Christian Dating For Free uses third-party public records databases to perform criminal background screenings and marriage verifications on our communicating members.  These third-party database providers use a limited amount of Personal Information to run the criminal background screenings and marriage verifications, and do not use your Personal Information for marketing purposes.  Following the background screenings and marriage verifications, Christian Dating For Free receives a report of publicly available information from the database providers that determine whether the member "passes" or "fails" the criminal background screening and/or marriage verification process.

**Security Procedures**  
Christian Dating For Free recognizes how important and sensitive data is, and that is why we have implemented policies and procedures to preserve the security of your Personal Information.  While Christian Dating For Free strives to protect the Personal Information and email address you provide through ChristianDatingForFree.com, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, Christian Dating For Free cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or receive from us through our website and online services.  ChristianDatingForFree.com operates secure data networks that are password-protected and are not available to the public.  When transmitting information between you and ChristianDatingForFree.com, data security is handled through a security protocol called Secured Sockets Layer (SSL).  SSL is an Internet security standard using data encryption and Web server authentication. 

Data encryption is the process of transforming legible information into a complex arrangement of illegible information.  The illegible data is made legible only by a process called "decryption." A mathematical formula known as a "key" is used to encrypt data when it is sent over the Internet, and then to decrypt the data when it is received.  SSL uses a private/public key.  Encryption strength is measured by the length of the key used to encrypt the data; i.e., the longer the key, the more effective the encryption.  Using the SSL protocol, data transmission between you and the ChristianDatingForFree.com server is performed at a standard level of encryption strength. 

An SSL certificate is issued to ensure authentic and accurate identification of a secured Web server.  This translates into a digital ID, or electronic fingerprint, that is included in the key used to encrypt the data.  This ensures that only the intended recipient, Christian Dating For Free, is able to decrypt the data that you transmit.

Christian Dating For Free reviews its security policies regarding ChristianDatingForFree.com on a regular basis, and changes are made as necessary.  Only a select group of authorized individuals within Christian Dating For Free have access to your Personal Information. 

**Managing Your Information**  
Christian Dating For Free also understands that your circumstances and preferences change.  That is why we have simplified the process of amending, updating or deleting your Personal Information. 

**Making Changes**  
Your ChristianDatingForFree.com account information is password protected so that only you have access to this Personal Information.  You may update this Personal Information and email address as necessary by clicking on the appropriate edit option in the My Profile section, which allows you to access and edit your account information, including your opt-in/opt-out choices. 

**Protecting Your Personal Information**  
We strongly recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone.  Christian Dating For Free will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or email.  Also, remember to log out of your ChristianDatingForFree.com account and close your browser window when you have finished your session.  This will help to ensure that others cannot access your Personal Information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place. 

**Opt-Out**  
If you change your mind about receiving special promotions and other information from Christian Dating For Free, simply log into ChristianDatingForFree.com, visit your [email options](http://www.christiandatingforfree.com/mail_setting.php) and specify the types of correspondence you'd like to receive.  You may also opt-out of receiving special promotions and other information from Christian Dating For Free by following the unsubscribe instructions at the end of the applicable promotional email(s) or by sending an email to [admin@ChristianDatingForFree.com](mailto:admin@christiandatingforfree.com). 

**Contacting Christian Dating For Free**  
You may reach us at: 

ChristianDatingForFree.com  
4924 Balboa Blvd., # 640, Encino, CA 91316  
Email: [admin@ChristianDatingForFree.com](mailto:admin@ChristianDatingForFree.com)  


  

