> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the chronicle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060616210426id_/http%3A//chronicle.com/help/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The Chronicle: Privacy Statement

### Privacy Statement

_The Chronicle_ is committed to protecting the privacy of its subscribers and other users of its online services. We follow these policies:

**E-mail addresses**

We ask subscribers who register for our online services to provide us with their e-mail addresses so we can send them e-mail news briefings. We also ask for e-mail addresses from users who want to be notified about job openings in their fields.

These addresses are used only to send news and job updates and account information to those subscribers. **_The Chronicle_ never sells, rents, or lends e-mail addresses of users to anyone.**

E-mailed news and job updates may contain advertising, and such advertising may be "targeted" based on demographic information, e-mail domains, or zip codes. Such targeting is done through processes internal to _The Chronicle,_ and information from subscribers is not made available to advertisers or anyone else outside _The Chronicle._

Registered subscribers can change the e-mail messages that they receive, or stop receiving them altogether, at any time by visiting our [e-mail settings page.](https://chronicle.com/cgi-bin/circulation/users/mailinglistreset1.cgi)

Instructions for stopping e-mail notification of job openings appear at the end of each e-mail message.

E-mail addresses that we obtain as part of our "e-mail this article" or "e-mail this job announcement" services are used only to provide that service. We do not share them with anyone or use them for any other purpose.

**User names and passwords**

Each subscriber who registers to use this service has a user name and password. Subscribers may choose their own [user names](https://chronicle.com/cgi-bin/circulation/users/namechange1.cgi) and [passwords](https://chronicle.com/cgi-bin/circulation/users/pwreset1.cgi) or use names and passwords generated by _The Chronicle._

Passwords are the private property of the subscriber. For reasons of security and privacy, we do not give out passwords to anyone. If you forget your password, you can [reset it](https://web.archive.org/services/pwreset.htm) from your computer. If you forget your user name, you can [send yourself an e-mail reminder.](https://web.archive.org/services/acctnotify.htm)

**Advertising**

_The Chronicle_ has a contract with an outside company, DoubleClick Inc., to use its technology to deliver ads on our site. This allows us to deliver ads to users according to such factors as domain name and editorial content.

_The Chronicle_ is not a member of the DoubleClick Network. Our agreement with DoubleClick specifies that information about our users may only be used to deliver ads on our site and may not be aggregated with other information collected by DoubleClick. **We do not provide any personal information, such as names, postal addresses, phone numbers, or e-mail addresses, to DoubleClick.** The only information DoubleClick receives is what is automatically passed by a Web browser, such as Internet Protocol number, domain name, and browser type.

**Web Cookies**

"Cookies" are bits of text data sent from a Web server to a user's computer to be retrieved later for purposes of identification. On our site cookies are used to provide access to certain areas, to track readership, to maintain user preferences, and to enable certain e-commerce transactions.

Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard. Consequently, your Web browser is probably set to accept cookies. If you would prefer not to receive cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to do so, however, you should understand that it is possible that some areas of our site will not function properly when you view them.

**Postal mailing lists**

_The Chronicle_ sometimes rents its postal mailing list (but never e-mail addresses) to organizations that wish to offer products and services to its subscribers. Such mailings may be "targeted" based on demographic information or zip codes. 

If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please send an e-mail message to [circulation@chronicle.com.](mailto:circulation@chronicle.com) Please include your online account number or your name and address as they appear on your mailing label. That will help us to expedite your request.

**Survey information**

_The Chronicle_ may ask subscribers or other users to provide demographic or other information about themselves. This information is used to help us deliver information and advertising to users of our site. It is not shared with organizations outside _The Chronicle_ except when it is used to compile postal mailing lists for rental. Providing this information is optional.

**Financial information**

_The Chronicle_ collects financial information (usually credit-card numbers) only to bill for subscriptions or other products or services.

**Links to other sites**

This site contains links to other sites. _The Chronicle_ is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those sites.

**Public forums**

This site operates forums (such as Colloquy and Colloquy Live discussions and Letters to the Editor). Please remember that any information that is disclosed in those areas is public.

**Modifying or canceling services**

Subscribers can modify settings and information in our database by visiting our subscriber-services page at [http://chronicle.com/services](https://web.archive.org/services/services.htm)

You can also send an e-mail message to [help@chronicle.com](mailto:help@chronicle.com)

**Contacting The Chronicle**

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of _The Chronicle_ or its online service, or any other aspects of this Web site, please contact:

Philip W. Semas  
Editor in Chief  
The Chronicle of Higher Education  
1255 23rd St., N.W.  
Washington, D.C. 20037  
[phil.semas@chronicle.com](mailto:phil.semas@chronicle.com)

Or see our complete information on [contacting _The Chronicle._](https://web.archive.org/help/about.htm)
