> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ghostscript.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190414131852id_/https%3A//artifex.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Artifex Privacy Policy | Artifex

**Last updated: December 28, 2017**

Artifex Software, Inc. (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the Artifex.com website (“Site”). This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Site.

We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site as well as providing support. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

### Information Collection and Use

While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally, identifiable information may include but is not limited to your name, phone number, address and email address (“Personal Information”). We collect this information for the purpose of identifying and communicating with you, responding to your requests/inquiries, servicing your purchase orders, conducting surveys, contests, and promotions, to contact you about our products and services and improving our Site, products, and services.

### Log Data

When you access the Site by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, any data collected when browsing, and other statistics (“Log Data”).

In addition, we may use third-party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service’s functionality. These third-party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.

Please see the section regarding Location Information below regarding the use of your location information and your options.

### Location Information

We may use and store information about your geographical location depending on the permissions you have set on your device. We use this information to provide features of our Site and to improve and customize our Site. You can enable or disable location services when you use our Site at any time, through your mobile device settings.

### Communications

We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials, and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.

### Cookies

Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your computer’s hard drive.

Like many sites, we use “cookies” to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.

We also may contract with third-party service providers, such as Google Analytics (a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.), who assign cookies and/or web beacons to conduct site tracking for us and collect information about your visits to our Site. The use of these “analytics” cookies are used to provide marketing analytics about products and services of interest to you, your preferences, how you share information about our products and services with others, and to improve our marketing efforts.

In regard to Google Analytics, the information generated by the cookie about your use of our Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google, Inc. on servers in the United States. Google, Inc. may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or for processing the information on Google Inc.’s behalf. Google, Inc. will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google, Inc.

### Do Not Track

Some browsers have a “do not track” feature that lets you indicate that you do not wish to have your online activities tracked. These features are not yet uniform, so we do not currently respond to such features or signals. Therefore, if you select or turn on a “do not track” feature in your web browser or block or delete tracking cookies, we and our third-party providers may continue collecting information about your online activities as described in this Privacy Policy.

### Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals to facilitate our Site, to provide the service on our behalf, to perform Site-related services and/or to assist us in analyzing how our Site is used.

These third-parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform specific tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use your information for any other purpose.

We do not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes.

### Other Disclosures

We may also disclose and share personal information with third parties (a) when responding to legal process; (b) while protecting your rights and the rights of others. and (c) in aggregate and/or anonymous form which cannot be reasonably used to identify you. In addition, if we sell, merge or transfer all or a portion of our business our assets, we may transfer your information to such other entity.

### Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### International Transfer

Your information, including Personal Information, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the information, including Personal Information, to the United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

### Links to Other Sites

Our Site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third-party sites or services.

### Governing Law

Our Site is controlled, operated and administered entirely within the United States. By using our Site, you signify your agreement to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not disclose any personal information through our Site. This Privacy Policy and the use of our Site is governed by California law and United States federal law, without regard to choice of law principles. Any claim related to our Site or this Privacy Policy shall be brought only in a federal or state court in Marin County, California, within one year after the claim arises. Users of our Site consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts as the most convenient and appropriate for the resolution of disputes concerning this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy and the notices outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any third party.

### Children

This is a general audience website. We do not knowingly solicit data online from or market online to children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under 13, we will delete that information. If you are under 18, but over the age of 13, you may purchase products through our Site only with the involvement and consent of a parent or guardian.

### Accessing and Correcting Personal Information

You have a right to know about the personal information we collect from you, including the right to correct, amend or delete the information we have on file if it is incorrect. You may also change the status of whether you wish to receive alerts, newsletters, and communications at any time. If you wish to exercise these rights, feel free to contact us at [info@artifex.com](mailto:info@artifex.com).

### Changes to This Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of December 28, 2017, and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.

We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Site after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.

If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us or by placing a prominent notice on our Site.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.

Artifex Software, Inc.  
1305 Grant Avenue, Suite 200  
Novato, CA 94945  
USA  
Email: [info@artifex.com](mailto:info@artifex.com)
