> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the meldaproduction.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190515203342id_/https%3A//www.meldaproduction.com/about/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy and personal data processing | MeldaProduction

Protection of your personal information is important for us. We never sell personal data and we carry out all processing operations in compliance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”).

MeldaProduction s.r.o., with registered office in Czech republic within the meaning of Regulation No 2016/679 of the European Parliament of 27 April 2016 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data and repealing Directive 95/46 / EC (hereinafter referred to as the GDPR Regulation) process your personal information:

## 1\. What kind of Personal Data and for what purposes is processed?

For the purposes of purchase or registration, we need these data:

  * e-mail address
  * your name
  * postal address



(hereinafter referred to as "personal data")

For the purposes of sending you updates on products or other marketing information related to our products, we need to process your e-mail address. We only send you this information with your consent.

Our licence model is extremely advantageous for the users - it lets you run the plugins on all your computers, without dongles, and with free-for-life updates. Your name and address is needed for this to work. We will not share your sensitive information, but they are required for the licence model to work.

We also use your personal data to communicate about orders, products and marketing offers with you and to update your customer accounts at MeldaProduction.com.

You can browse our website without giving us any personal data. When surfing without logging in we do not collect any personal data. By default information such as time and duration of your visit, operating system, browser and visited pages on our website are captured anonymously.

We also irregularly send out surveys on specific questions regarding MeldaProduction and its products. If you take part in these surveys, your e-mail address, if you provide it, and your answers will be stored.

We also need your e-mail address in the following cases:

  * if you register for a newsletter
  * if you use our support services
  * if you get in touch with us for other reasons



### 1.1 Google Analytics

Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc., which uses cookies to help analyze how the website is used.

The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be stored by Google.

The saved data retention is set to 38 months, while this period resets with every session.

Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.

If you do not wish your activity on this website to be tracked, you can use this link: [tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout).

### 1.2 Hotjar

We use [Hotjar](https://www.hotjar.com/) in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link. 

You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link: [www.hotjar.com/opt-out](https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out).

## 2\. Cookies

Cookies are identifiers, which enable us to recognize your browser. No security relevant or personal data are stored. Cookies can not transmit viruses, spy out data on your computer or send e-mails without your notice. Also, every web server can only read cookies it has set itself.

The most browsers are set by default to accept cookies automatically. You can disable cookies being stored or configure your browser in a way that it notifies you before storing cookies.

## 3\. Saved data

We store data you entered with your purchase or registration for three years, while this period resets with your last activity, be it a purchase or logging in.

## 4\. Your rights

You have these rights:

  * request us access to personal data
  * request information about our processing of personal information
  * require us to correct inaccurate personal data, to supplement or update it
  * right to make an objection by sending us e-mail with your objections to [info@meldaproduction.com](mailto:info@meldaproduction.com)
  * require us to delete your personal data - but please remember because of our licencing policy and accounting reasons we can not delete all of your data entered for purchase reasons
  * require us to limit the processing of your personal data
  * ask us to transfer personal data in a machine-readable format


