> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the melia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-01-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110116061332id_/http%3A//www.solmelia.com/solNew/html/en/politicaPrivacidadSolMelia_en.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cláusula de privacidad

|   
---  
|  |  |  |   
  | Privacy policy |    
   
A) Protection of personal data  
   
SOL MELIA, S.A. (hereinafter SOL MELIA) commits itself to comply with the legislation in force regarding automated data processing and, in particular, Organic Law 15/99 on the Protection of Persona Data dated 13th December (hereinafter LPD). Through the privacy policy below, SOL MELIA thus informs its clients of the following measures:  
   
Towards the end of rendering the services offered through www.solmelia.com, as well as offering customized products and services, improving commercial relations and managing the requests made by our clients, SOL MELIA shall handle its clients' personal data in an automated manner, for the purposes specified further on.  
   
SOL MELIA guarantees that it shall take full responsibility for the said files, and that these are duly declared and registered at the General Registry of the Agency on Data Protection, the data base of which may be consulted in the following web page ( [http://www.agpd.es](http://www.agpd.es/) )  
   
SOL MELIA informs its Clients that they may exercise their rights to access, rectification, cancellation and opposition directly through the web page (under the section "my profile") or by addressing a letter in writing to the person in charge of processing the files in which their personal data are contained at:  
   
  | **Customer Service Section**  
Marketing Department, SOL MELIA S.A. (Ref: Data Protection)  
Calle Gremio Toneleros, 24  
Palma de Mallorca - 07009 - España  
   
Except for the Personal Information provided by the Candidates, which should be sent to:  
   
  | **Personnel Selection**  
Human Resources Department SOL MELIA S.A. (Ref: Data Protection)  
Calle Gremio Toneleros, 24  
Palma de Mallorca - 07009 - España  
   
The Sol Meliá Group hereby informs you that your e-mail address will be included in an automated file (distribution list) for the purpose of providing you information on our news and offers by e-mail.  
   
a.1.) Client Registration Forms / MaS Card  
   
Upon filling up the application for registration in the MaS Program, each registrant accepts and authorizes Sol Meliá's use and processing of the personal data furnished and generated by the use of the MaS Card for the purposes proper to the MAS Program, as well as to enable it to offer customized products and services and improve commercial relations with our clients. And s/he also agrees to her/his data being distributed to the Group's companies, to those linked to the MaS fidelisation program, those in the tourist sector, catering industry, the hotel industry, travel agencies, airlines, car rental companies and timeshare companies, in Spain and abroad, aiming to provide the best possible service to the client and providing him/her with all the information, both on paper and electronically, relating to our products and services as well as franchise and third-party companies connected to the tourist sector, the hotel industry, travel, catering, leisure and entertainment and timeshare sale and promotion companies.  
In accordance with Spanish Organic Law 15/1999 of 13 December, regulating the protection of personal data (LPD in Spanish), a personal data file has been created, which includes all the information necessary for the operation of the program. Sol Meliá guarantees that it has put in place the necessary measures to guarantee the confidential use of that information. If you do not agree with the use or transfer of your personal data, please contact in writing SOL MELIÁ S.A.'s Customer Support Service, which is responsible for and manages the files, at the address indicated above, where you may also exercise your right to access, amendment, cancellation and opposition.   
   
a.2.) On-line booking  
   
On filling up the On-line Reservation form, each registrant accepts and and authorizes SOL MELIA S.A.' s use and processing of the personal data thereby furnished for the purpose of proceeding with the requested reservation, offering customized products and services and improving commercial relations with our clients, as well as the cession of the said data to the companies making up the Sol Meliá Group and its associates, for the purposes detailed above. Likewise, the client making a reservation is informed that his personal and reservation data shall be ceded to the companies that will have to intervene in the management of the reservation and/or trip to the hotel of his/her destination, independently of the country in which the said companies may be found, with the possibility of international data transfers, for the exclusive end of managing the reservation and assuring its execution.  
   
a.3.) Job Opportunities Form  
   
On filling up the Job Application form, each registrant accepts and and authorizes SOL MELIA S.A.' s use and automated processing of the personal information furnished so as to integrate them into our personnel selection data base for the purpose of personnel selection in the different hotels and companies of the Sol Meliá Group, as well as the cession of the said data to the companies making up the Sol Meliá Group and its associates, for the exclusive purpose of personnel selection. SOL MELIÁ informs the holder that s/he may enforce his/her access, amendment, cancellation and opposition rights, contacting the person responsible for processing said information at the Sol Meliá Human Resources Department, at the address indicated above.  
   
a.4.) Registration in the Offers and Promotions Distribution List  
   
The Sol Meliá Group hereby informs you that your e-mail address will be included in an automated file (distribution list) for the purpose of providing you information on our news and offers by e-mail.  
   
**B) Confidentiality**  
   
SOL MELIA will not reveal your personal data to any other third party, except for those parties specified in the preceding sections.  
   
SOL MELIA guarantees that it will handle your personal data confidentially, and that the server on which these are stored and handled is equipped with the security measures established by Spanish standards in relation to data protection.  
   
**C) Use of Cookies**  
   
Part of SOL MELIÁ's customizable services employ cookies  
   
A cookie is a very small text file that a web server may keep in the hard disk of a computer to store information about users. It can only be read by the website that sent it to the computer.  
   
Normally, websites use cookies to obtain statistical information about their web pages and to analyze the behavior of their clients.  
   
A cookie is not an executable file. It can neither propagate nor contain a virus, nor may it be longer than 4,000 characters.  
   
SOL MELIA uses cookies for the exclusive purpose of preparing statistics on the use of its website. The information that SOL MELIA stores on your equipment through this mechanism only consists of a number identifying a user, apart from preferences such as preferred navigation language and the date on which the cookie was sent. This will enable our website to identify you during your subsequent visits. It does not contain personal data or economic or health-related information.  
   
You may configure your navigator to accept or reject the cookies you receive, or to warn you when a server wants to send a cookie:  
   
  | * If you are using Microsoft Internet Explorer, under the menu option See, select Internet Options and accede to Advanced Options.  
   
  | * If you are using Netscape, under the menu option Edit, select Preferences, and accede to the Advanced options. SOL MELIÁ would be grateful if you activate the acceptance of cookies, since this would help us obtain more precise data so as to improve the content and design of our web page in order to adapt it to your preferences.  
   
SOL MELIÁ may likewise register your IP addresses to diagnose any problem with our server, to administer our web page and to analyze user tendencies.  
   
|   Close this window  
 
