> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 123-reg.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170624121758id_/https%3A//www.123-reg.co.uk/terms/privacy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Data protection and privacy policy | 123 Reg

## Data protection & privacy policy

### 1\. Introduction

The purpose of this policy is to explain how 123 Reg trading as 123 Reg Limited collects, protects, and uses personal data. 123 Reg is committed to ensuring that any personal data supplied by its Clients or is otherwise generated by its business activities is collected and processed fairly and lawfully.

### 2\. What Types Of Personal Data Does 123 Reg Collect?

123 Reg needs certain personal data to enable it to provide its products and services to its Clients and end users. The personal data collected will generally include: company name, company size and sector, individual contact names (first and last name) and job titles for delivery, installation, support and billing, postal address, telephone and fax numbers, e-mail addresses. 123 Reg will also collect logs of verification checks made. Access to personal data that is generated over the Network utilised by 123 Reg services include IP and email addresses for incoming and outgoing data and network usage data. In certain circumstances 123 Reg may also collect financial information about 123 Reg Clients and end users from third parties to enable 123 Reg to assess its risks in granting credit terms and contact information about organisations 123 Reg considers may be interested in 123 Reg products and services. Although access and technical logs are collected they are only stored for a limited period.

### 3\. How Does 123 Reg Obtain Personal Data

123 Reg obtains personal data in a number of ways including from orders placed by Clients and end users (whether by telephone, fax or email or by application form); from enquiries made by existing Clients and potential Clients, (including information gathered at marketing events and via the 123 Reg website); from third party list brokers; from resellers who pass on personal data to 123 Reg about end users; and directly from the Network utilised by 123 Reg services.

### 4\. How Does 123 Reg Use The Personal Data It Holds?

 **4.1 Providing and Improving the 123 Reg Service**  
Most of 123 Reg’ use of personal data is necessary to enable it to provide a service to its Clients and its end users, including order processing, delivery, installation and support services as well as for invoicing and in order to answer general Client enquiries. For example, during the order process 123 Reg shall verify and/or cross validate the email address and postal address you provide us with upon registration, upon purchase of WHOIS Privacy and making any updates once a year and at any other time 123 Reg deems necessary. These verification logs will be stored for as long as is deemed necessary by ICANN.

In addition, 123 Reg may also use personal data to improve on the level and type of service 123 Reg offers to its Clients. As part of this interest in improving the service provided, 123 Reg may process personal data for the purposes of sales analysis and Client usage statistics.

 **4.2 Direct Marketing**  
123 Reg may from time to time inform its Clients, end users and potential Clients about 123 Reg and 123 Reg affiliate products and services and other information 123 Reg feels may be of interest.

Clients and other recipients of information from 123 Reg may indicate at the time they first place an order with 123 Reg whether or not they wish to receive such information or at any later time by simply contacting 123 Reg, as indicated in paragraph 9 below.

 **4.3 Third Party Marketing**  
123 Reg, like many other companies, use remarketing features whereby third party vendors (including Google) display 123 Reg’s adverts on sites on the internet and use cookies – to serve adverts – based on a user’s prior visits to the 123 Reg website to assist 123 Reg in collecting information on who visits the 123 Reg site.

123 Reg will use first party cookies (such as Google Analytics cookie) and third party cookies (such as Double click cookie) together to report on how 123 Reg use ad impressions, other uses of ad services and interactions with ad impressions and ad services for visits related to the 123 Reg site, in addition to data or third party audience data in relation to age, gender and interests.

Clients may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the [Google advertising opt-out page](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/). Alternatively Clients may opt out of a third party vendor’s use of cookies by visiting the [Network Advertising Initiative opt out page](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/).

Clients also have the option to opt out of Google’s use of Doubleclick’s by visting the Google Doubleclick opt out page.

### 5\. Does 123 Reg Transfer Personal Data Overseas?

As 123 Reg is part of a global organisation with local operating companies in a number of countries worldwide, to fulfil its Client service obligations it is necessary for 123 Reg to transfer and process personal data outside the country in which the personal data is collected. This will include transfers to 123 Reg affiliates based in the United States. Prior to making any such transfer 123 Reg will put in place security procedures and firewalls designed to prevent unauthorised use of or access to personal data.

### 6\. To Whom Does 123 Reg Disclose Personal Data?

123 Reg will pass personal data within its internal departments in order to fulfil sales and support obligations as well as to finance departments to enable invoicing.

As a general rule, 123 Reg does not disclose personal data to unaffiliated third parties except where Client consent has been obtained, where 123 Reg is under an obligation by law to disclose personal data or where 123 Reg has contracted with third parties to assist in providing services to 123 Reg Clients such as for delivery, installation and systems support services.

### 7\. How Does 123 Reg Protect the Personal Data it Holds?

123 Reg takes Client confidentiality and security very seriously. 123 Reg has implemented appropriate internal security procedures that restrict access to and disclosure of personal data within 123 Reg. These procedures will be reviewed from time to time to determine whether they are being complied with and are effective.

123 Reg will not use any of the Clients sensitive information about the site or app whilst collecting data for the purpose of remarketing. Sensitive data includes:

  * interest or participation in adult activities (including alcohol, gambling, adult dating, pornography, etc.)
  * sexual behaviour or orientation
  * racial or ethnic information
  * political affiliation
  * trade union membership or affiliation
  * religion or religious belief
  * negative financial status or situation
  * health or medical information
  * status as a child under 13
  * the commission or alleged commission of any crime



123 Reg will also actively investigate and cooperate with law enforcement agencies any allegations of abuse or violation of system or network security as set out in the applicable [123 Reg Acceptable Use Policy](https://www.123-reg.co.uk/terms/aup.shtml).

### 8\. Clients’ Rights

 **8.1**  
The law in certain jurisdictions (including countries within the European Economic Area) gives individuals whose personal data is held by 123 Reg specific rights to access and rectify personal data held about them. These include the right to:

 **8.1.1**  
obtain from 123 Reg, for a prescribed fee, confirmation that personal data is held, as well as a written description of such personal data, the purpose(s) for which it is being used, the source(s) of the personal data and details of any recipients;

 **8.1.2**  
request the deletion or rectification of personal data which is inaccurate; and inaccurate; and

 **8.1.3**  
as explained in paragraph 4.2 above to object to any unsolicited information sent by 123 Reg regarding promotions or new products and services.

 **8.2**  
“Personal data” is information about an individual that could, alone or together with other information personally identify that individual. Information such as full name, address, email address and telephone number are examples of Personal data. Dynamic I.P addresses and control panel logs will not be classed as personal data.

### 9\. Contact Details

If any individual wishes to contact 123 Reg regarding the personal data held about them or has any other question about 123 Reg’ data privacy procedures, they should direct an email to [contact@123-Reg.co.uk](mailto:contact@123-Reg.co.uk) or send a letter to the direction of “123 Reg Client Services Department” at the local 123 Reg office.

### 10\. Policy Updates

As part of 123 Reg’s commitment to compliance with data privacy requirements, and to reflect changes in 123 Reg’s operating procedures, 123 Reg may update the terms of this policy from time to time.

CLICK FOR MORE
