> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 12345.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160627101101id_/http%3A//www.altaire.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Email Experts: Altaire - Question Everything

#### Important information about our

##  Privacy Policy 

### 1\. Website Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy sets out the data processing practices carried out through the use of the Internet and any other electronic communications networks by Altaire Limited. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices, please contact our Head of Compliance at hello@altaire.com.  Please note that all data thus captured will be used and held in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998.

###   
1.1 Information collected

We collect information from visitors to this website when they contact us via our online contact form or when you email us with an enquiry.

In addition to the above, we collect information automatically about your visit to our website. Please see our Cookies Section for more details. 

###   
1.2 Use of personal information

We process personal information collected via this website for the purposes of:

  * Providing information about products and services
  * Providing and personalising our services
  * Dealing with your enquiries and requests
  * Administering orders and accounts relating to our suppliers or customers



###   
1.3 Data Capture Information

We will send you information according to the preferences you submitted via our online form.  If you would like to change these preferences at any point, please email us at Head of Compliance at hello@altaire.com, or call us on 08456712345.  Alternatively, you can also write to us at Head of Compliance, Altaire Limited, International House, George Curl Way, Southampton, Hants, SO18 2RZ.

###   
1.4 Marketing

Please note that your information may be used to send you details of those products or services that we offer that we have identified as likely to be of interest to you.  This will be in accordance with the preferences that you indicated when you completed our online form.

If at any point you would like to opt-out of receiving communications from us, or would like to change the channels (such as email or post) that we use to contact you, please contact Head of Compliance at hello@altaire.com. You can also write to Head of Compliance, Altaire Limited, International House, George Curl Way, Southampton, Hants, SO18 2RZ. 

###   
1.5 Disclosures

We will not share your data with third parties unless we are obliged to disclose personal data by law, or the disclosure is ‘necessary’ for purposes of national security, taxation and criminal investigation, or we have your consent.

###   
1.6 Other websites

Our website may contain links to other websites that are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy.  If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.

###   
1.7 Subject access requests

You have the right to see what personal data we hold about you.  To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please write to us at Head of Compliance, Altaire Limited, International House, George Curl Way, Southampton, Hants, SO18 2RZ.  Please note that we reserve the right to charge a fee of up to £10 for any such request.

###   
1.8 Internet-based transfers

Given that the Internet is a global environment, using it to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis.  This means for instance that data you pass to us may be processed outside the European Economic Area, although the data will always be held securely and in line with the requirements of UK data protection legislation.  By communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way. 

###   
1.9 Use of cookies

A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a web server to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information from the browser.  Find out more about cookies on [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).  

We use cookies to identify you when you visit this website and to keep track of your browsing patterns and build up a demographic profile.

Our use of cookies also allows registered users to be presented with a personalised version of the site, carry out transactions and have access to information about their account.

Most browsers will allow you to turn off cookies.  If you want to know how to do this please look at the menu on your browser, or look at the instruction on [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).  Please note however that turning off cookies will restrict your use of our website.

We use the following cookies on our site:

**Cookie**

| 

**How long this data is kept for**  
  
---|---  
  
IN_HASH

| 

Session  
  
lang

| 

Session  
  
lidc

| 

1 day  
  
_utmz

| 

40 days  
  
liap

| 

3 months  
  
JSESSIONID

| 

3 months  
  
sl

| 

3 months  
  
bscookie

| 

18 months  
  
bcookie

| 

18 months  
  
_utmv

| 

19 months  
  
_utma

| 

19 months  
  
_hstc

| 

20 months  
  
visit

| 

22 months  
  
_ga

| 

22 months  
  
_ga

| 

2 years  
  
hubspotutk

| 

10 years  
  
hsfirstvisit

| 

10 years  
  
By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to the use of cookies as detailed above.

###   
1.10 Amendments

Please note that this privacy policy is subject to change from time to time.  It was last updated in December 2015.
