> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 123greetings.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030627040740id_/http%3A//www31.123greetings.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 123Greetings.com : Privacy Policy

**This Overall Privacy Statement discloses the privacy practices for the entire 123Greetings.com Web site. 123Greetings.com collects personal information about our users during usage of the 123Greetings.com service, from our use of "cookie" technology as you use the service and during sending or viewing a card through 123Greetings.com or while subscribing to our newsletter or special offer services.

123Greetings.com respects your right to privacy. As part of the process, we give you the opportunity to decline to receive any mailings from either 123Greetings.com or other parties to whom 123Greetings.com may provide such information.

The data we collect from cookies and other places is used in the aggregate to give us demographic information about the entire 123Greetings.com audience in order to improve the 123Greetings.com service. The personal information you provide - name, email address, etc. -- allows us to inform you about updates to the service and to notify you of products and services of 123Greetings.com, its affiliates and third parties that we believe may be of interest to you. We also share aggregate information -- not individual data -- with our advertisers to help them better understand our services and to monitor the reach of their advertising on the service.

123Greetings.com does share non-personal, non-individual information in aggregate form with third parties for business purposes. For example, we may tell our business partners how many customers in certain demographic groups sent certain cards.

When you send one of our cards, the information you provide to us is used to customize your greeting with the recipient's name and with your message, and to deliver an email notification to the recipient. We treat our cards as private correspondence between the sender and the recipient and will not disclose the contents of a card, other than to the intended recipient, unless we are required to do so by law or we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of 123Greetings.com ; or (4) protect the personal safety or property of our users or the public. However,if you provide a false email address or attempt to pose as someone else when sending a card, information about you - including your computer's IP address - may be disclosed as part of any investigation intoyour actions.

When you send or view one of our cards, the information you provide to us is used by 123Greetings.com to send offers & promotions from us & our partners. This information resides with 123Greetings.com and is not disclosed to third parties. Your information will not be shared/sold to sponsors without your consent. You have the option of not subscribing to these offers. You can do so by entering your email address at <http://www.123greetings.com/offers/>. If you do not want to receive such offers & promotions, please either unsubscribe yourself at the address given above or do not enter your email address & other information while creating one of our cards.

Under normal circumstances, we will not monitor or edit the contents of the cards you send. On occasion, however, 123Greetings.com personnel may need to view your message in connection with the technical processing of your greeting or the maintenance of our network. Also, if you ask one of our customer service representatives to help you send a card or to verify that a card was sent, that representative will be able to access all information about the card, including the recipient's email address and the message.

123Greetings.com uses reasonable precautions to keep the personal information disclosed to us secure and to disclose such information only to third parties we believe to be responsible. However, we are not responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties which receive the information. 123Greetings.com also links to a wide variety of other sites. We are not responsible for their privacy policies or how they treat information about their users.

If you have any questions, you can direct them to the 123Greetings.com site coordinator at [mail@123greetings.com](mailto:mail@123greetings.com). To return to the Site, please use the "Back" button on your browser.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads whenyou visit our Web site. Our third-party advertising company also separately places or recognizes a cookie file on your browser in the course of delivering advertisements to this Site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here <http://www.sonar.com/content/privacy.htm>.

**

 **We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads whenyou visit our Web site. Our third-party advertising company also separately places or recognizes a cookie file on your browser in the course of delivering advertisements to this Site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click here<http://www.adtegrity.com/privacy.asp>**
