> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 123oye.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051210083712id_/http%3A//www.123oye.com/privacy_policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - 123 oye.com

Your Privacy is important to us. 123oye.com does not accept resumes and is a free information website but on some web pages it may ask you to fill up forms related to a product or service or publication or just information. Users should carefully read the content of that page before filling any form on 123oye.com

**Privacy Notice:**  
To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices.  
To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our home page. This notice applies to all information collected from or submitted to 123oye.com

**Information we collect:**  
123oye.com respects the privacy and security of its users. Our goal is to provide you with knowledge resources and services that are most relevant and helpful to you. We gather usage statistics such as pages viewed, browsers used etc. for analysis that helps us provide you improved user experience and services.

Some Placement Consultants who want Job Seekers listed with them to benefit from the information resource of 123oye.com might also subscribe to alerts listed on 123oye.com 

_123oye.com is an information website and may use user's personal and business information to serve targetted advertisements, articles, vacancies through its websites, newsletters, customized publications and mailers._

Once the user has given his personal and business information on our site he might start receiving job alerts and content that might and might not be of their interest.

123oye.com takes care that the jobs, career and education information posted by employers, recruiters,   
consultants and individuals is genuine and useful in your job hunt and career development and no fee is charged from the users who respond to the jobs and information posted on the site unless specifically mentioned but we cannot guarantee or warranty the genuineness of the same.

**How we protect your information?**  
Unfortunately no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.

We welcome any questions or comments you have about 123oye.com. Please direct them to info@123oye.com

  * We require applicants to fill up forms and give us their personal details which will be added to our database.
  * We may use your contact details to send promotional material via email or any other medium. 
  * We do not guarantee fool-proof solutions.
  * We reserve the right to refuse any requested listing in any category for any reason.
  * Our site links to other sites as well and we are not responsible for the privacy policies and content of such sites.
  * 123oye is not responsible in any way for consequences that may arise from your applying for a job through the vacancies (links) mentioned on the site.


