> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 123rf.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170608201648id_/https%3A//www.123rf.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Stock Photos, Vectors and Royalty Free Images from 123RF

123RF.com respects every user's privacy hence this Privacy Policy is created to govern the Personal Information provided by our users. By using 123RF.com, you understand and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy. Please note that this Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time; therefore, do visit 123RF.com regularly to review the Privacy Policy. 

**Trust Guard**

123RF.com is a participant in the Trust Guard Seal Program. Trust Guard is an independent company which specializes in website security, privacy and business verification seals that build customers trust and loyalty. 123RF.com has agreed to have its privacy practices scanned and verified by Trust Guard to provide our customers peace of mind. 

If you have queries or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should first contact us at [info@123rf.com](mailto:info@123rf.com). If you do not receive acknowledgment of your queries from us, or if your queries have not been satisfactorily addressed, you should contact Trust Guard and Trust Guard will then serve as a liaison with 123RF to resolve your concerns. 

**Collection of Personal Information**

When you register with 123RF.com, we ask for your personal or company's details. Once you register and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us. 123RF.com uses the information provided to enhance your online user experience such as “likebox” and to contact you about our specials and new products. The information we collect may be shared (with your consent upon registration) with our subsidiaries and affiliates for similar purposes. 

The following are information that we may collect from you:

  * Contact information
  * Billing information



The Personal Information requested by us may be mandatory or voluntary, subject to the activity. In the event you do not provide us the mandatory Personal Information for a particular activity, we may be unable to engage you in such activity. 

**Purpose of Personal Information**

We collect your Personal Information to enhance your online user experience by recording and facilitating your participation in the activities. We may use your Personal Information for the following purposes:- 

  * Process the financial transaction
  * Inform you about our latest activities 
  * Administer your account
  * Conduct research and analysis
  * Assess the need of your business to determine suitable products
  * Send you requested product or service information
  * Respond to customer service request
  * Administer contests you entered, and notify you if you have won
  * Respond to your questions and concerns
  * Improve on website and marketing efforts



**Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies**

By using 123RF.com, you understand that all information collected from your registration will be collected indefinitely; and may be stored and used in jurisdiction whose privacy laws may be different and less protective than those of your home jurisdiction. 

When you visit 123RF.com, we place a small text file called a cookie in your computer hard disk. This file allows us to provide you with more conveniences such as “likebox” and enhance your online user experience. Most browsers allow you to reject cookies; but if you do so, certain webpages may not display properly.   
123RF.com will not send you unsolicited emails except for site wide announcements, or specific notifications that are delivered directly to your account. You may also choose to receive or not to receive monthly newsletters during your initial registration or by updating your contact preferences in your Personal Information page at any time after registration. 

**Disclosure to Third Parties**

We will share your Personal Information to third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. 

We may provide limited Personal Information to third parties that are appointed by us to assist us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These third parties are only authorized to use your Personal Information as necessary to provide the relevant services to us. 

123RF.com will never sell your Personal Information to any third party. 123RF.com reserves the right to disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law, or in the good faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process, respond to claims, or protect the rights, property or safety of our company, employees, customers, or the public. 

**Access to and Updating Your Personal Information**

You have the right to access to your Personal Information and amend your Personal Information at any time. This may be carried out by logging into your account at [https://www.123rf.com/login.php.](https://www.123rf.com/login.php)

**Retention Personal Information**

We will maintain your Personal Information as long as it may be required by us to provide you our services and/or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations and to resolves any disputes. 

**Protection of Personal Information**

The security of your Personal Information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once received. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any question about the security on 123RF.com, you can contact us at [info@123rf.com](mailto:info@123rf.com). 

**Interactive Services**

We do provide interactive services by creating a platform in which you or third parties may interact with us by posting contents, messages, comments or any other items on these platforms. If you use our interactive services, do be mindful that any information you post to a public platform is available to be accessed by all persons accessing the same. 

**Contact Information**

If you have any queries/complaints in respect of your Personal Information, kindly contact us in writing or via e-mail at the address below: 

123RF LLC  
33 N. Dearborn St  
Suite 1830  
Chicago, IL 60602  
USA 

E-mail: [info@123rf.com](mailto:info@123rf.com)

THIS DOCUMENT WAS ORIGINALLY COMPOSED IN ENGLISH AND WAS SUBSEQUENTLY TRANSLATED INTO OTHER LANGUAGES. THE FIDELITY OF SUBSEQUENT TRANSLATIONS CANNOT BE GUARANTEED. IN CASE OF CONFLICT BETWEEN THE ENGLISH VERSION AND ANOTHER LANGUAGE VERSION, THE ENGLISH VERSION TAKES PRECEDENCE. 
