> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yamahamusicsoft.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150607064543id_/http%3A//www.yamahamusicsoft.com/en/help/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Yamaha MusicSoft: Privacy Policy

Effective: May 1, 2014 

**Your** **Privacy**

Welcome to our Website (the " **Website** ") which is owned and operated by Yamaha Corporation of America and/or its subsidiaries (" **Yamaha** ", " **we** " or " **our** "). Yamaha respects the privacy of Website users whether they: (1) simply view the Website; or (2) use the interactive features on the Website that Yamaha may make available from time to time. This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") describes Yamaha's policies and procedures for the collection of information, such as name, birth date, mailing address, email address, and for certain countries or other international or geopolitical jurisdictions, Internet Protocol address, Media Access Control numbers, that, without more, can be directly associated with a specific person or entity ("Personal Information") and information that, without the aid of additional information, cannot be directly associated with a specific person or entity (" **Non-Personal Information** ") by this Website and our use and dissemination of such information.

Your personal privacy is important to Yamaha. If you do not feel comfortable with Yamaha's Privacy Policy as outlined below, you should not use this Website since our services and the effective operation of this Website assume the availability of information provided by you.

The Website is not intended for minors or children under 18 years of age. Yamaha does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. If you are under the age of 18, you may not use the Website or cause your Personal Information to be submitted to the Website.

**Collection of Information: Cookies; Personal**

1.    ** _Collection of Personal Information._** As defined above, Personal Information is information that can be directly associated with a specific person or entity. Yamaha collects a range of Personal Information from and about Website users. Much of the Personal Information collected by Yamaha about users is information provided by users themselves. Personal Information may be collected in connection with your visit to this Website or your use of the interactive features on the Website.

We may also obtain Personal Information about you from our affiliates and business partners, based on information that has already been shared with or made available to them.

Website users are under no obligation to provide Yamaha with Personal Information of any kind, with the caveat that a user's refusal to do so may prevent you from logging in and purchasing Yamaha products. BY USING THE WEBSITE, YOU CONSENT TO THE USE AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED IN THIS "COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION" SECTION.

1.    ** _How Is Personal Information Used?_** We use the information you provide to process your order or to provide other information that we think may be of interest to you. We may combine Personal Information that you provide to us with Personal Information about you that we obtain from our affiliates and business partners.

2.    ** _Disclosure of Personal Information._** Yamaha may disclose Personal Information that we collect via our websites or via our mobile apps with other Yamaha companies, or with third parties, such as, co-branding partners, retail outlets, fulfillment services providers, advertising networks, or app developers for all legal purposes without restriction. Without limiting the foregoing, Yamaha may also disclose Personal Information under the following circumstances:

i.    ** _Do Not Track "DNT" Signals._**   While we take all reasonable steps to protect the privacy of our website visitors, we cannot promise that the current limitations of our online applications programming will address every browser setting or honor every personal browser preference. In particular, we have not implemented the necessary program changes to honor "Do Not Track" or "DNT" browser signals. As our online applications programming is refined, we will take all reasonable steps to honor such requests in the future. Please return to this privacy policy for further updates on this topic. 

Further, our online service providers or business partners may implement technologies that allow for the collection of personally identifiable information over time and across websites. We recommend that you review each privacy policy posted on the websites that you visit to better understand privacy practices on those websites.

ii.    ** _Marketing._** Yamaha may use digital and standard marketing channels, including, without limitation, apps, notifications, text messages, email and mail users about products and services that Yamaha believes may be of interest to them. Yamaha may also provide users' information to third parties, so that those third parties may directly contact users about additional products and services. If you do not wish to receive marketing information from third parties, please use any of the unsubscribe links provided in the marketing channels.

iii.    ** _DMCA Infringement Notifications, Notices of Violations of Website Terms of Service and Other Communications Directed to Yamaha._** By submitting a Copyright Infringement Notification or other communication (including communications about content stored on or transmitted through the Website), you consent to have such communication forwarded to the person or entity who stored or transmitted the content addressed by your communication, in order to facilitate a prompt resolution. For Notices of Violations of Website Terms of Service or other communications (but not DMCA Infringement Notifications), at your request, Yamaha will edit out your name and contact information. However, DMCA Infringement Notifications (including any personally identifiable information set forth in the Notifications) will be forwarded as submitted to Yamaha without any deletions. 

iv.    ** _Invite a Friend Feature._** From time to time, Yamaha may make available an invitation service to tell a friend about this Website, we will ask you for your friend's email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email from your email address inviting him or her to visit the site. If your friend replies to this email, the response will be sent to your email address. Yamaha uses your friend's email address only for the purposes of sending this one-time email and registering your friend if your friend accepts the invitation to join Yamaha. Your friend may contact us at [privacypolicy@yamaha.com](mailto:privacypolicy@yamaha.com) to request that we remove this information from our database.

2.    ** _Collection, Use and Disclosure of Non-Personal Information._** Like most website operators, Yamaha gathers from users of the Website Non-Personal Information of the sort that Web browsers, depending on their settings, may make available. That information includes "cookies," the user's Internet Protocol ("IP") address and Media Access Control (" **MAC** ") numbers, which may be considered Personal Information in certain countries or geopolitical regions, the number of times a user visits the Website, accesses, operating system and browser type, screen resolution, and the locations of the Web pages the user views right before arriving at, while navigating and immediately after leaving the Website.  


1.    ** _Use of "Cookies" and Tracking Technology._** Yamaha and its service providers use current industry methods, including cookies and tracking technology ("clear gifs", "web beacons", "log files", etc.), to enable Yamaha to track unique visitors and pages that a user visits during each Website session, both to help improve users' experiences and to help Yamaha understand how the Website is being used. For example, cookies are tags sent to reside on the visitor's computer, to enhance a visitor's experience at our Website, to allow repeat visitors to be served more quickly and efficiently, or to tell us where our visitors go and how our visitors use our Website and related Websites. Yamaha may use cookies to obtain Personal Information about a user that was not previously provided.

As with other Non-Personal Information gathered from users of the Website, Yamaha analyzes and discloses in aggregated form information gathered using web cookies, so as to help Yamaha, its partners and others better understand how the Website is being used. Yamaha may link information gathered using cookies to Personal Information.

YAMAHA USERS WHO DO NOT WISH TO HAVE WEB COOKIES PLACED ON THEIR COMPUTERS SHOULD SET THEIR BROWSERS TO REFUSE WEB COOKIES BEFORE ACCESSING THE WEBSITE, WITH THE UNDERSTANDING THAT CERTAIN FEATURES OF THE WEBSITE MAY NOT FUNCTION PROPERLY WITHOUT THE AID OF WEB COOKIES. WEBSITE USERS WHO REFUSE WEB COOKIES ASSUME ALL RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY RESULTING LOSS OF FUNCTIONALITY. 

YOU MAY NOT DECLINE WEB BEACONS AND OTHER TRACKING TECHNOLOGY, HOWEVER. THEY CAN BE RENDERED INEFFECTIVE BY DECLINING ALL COOKIES OR MODIFYING YOUR BROWSER SETTING TO NOTIFY YOU EACH TIME A COOKIE IS TENDERED AND PERMIT YOU TO ACCEPT OR DECLINE COOKIES ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS. 

2.    ** _Use of Non-Personal Information._** Yamaha analyzes Non-Personal Information gathered from users of the Website to help Yamaha better understand how the Website is being used. By identifying patterns and trends in usage, Yamaha is able to better design the Website to improve users' experiences, both in terms of content and ease of use. From time to time, Yamaha may also release the Non-Personal Information gathered from Website users in the aggregate, such as by publishing a report on trends in the usage of the Website.

3.    ** _Device Information._** When you are connected to our services via custom applications (apps) or wi-fi, we may collect device-specific information such as your hardware model, operating system, unique device identifiers, and mobile network information including phone number. We may associate your unique device identifier or phone number with information that you may have used to register for certain services or purchase products. Server logs that are maintained by us or by our third-party service providers may contain information about the services that you have used, and your device-specific information. We may also maintain digital communication logs that track information like your phone number, calling-party number, forwarding numbers, time and date of calls, duration of calls, SMS routing information and types of calls. We may use your device's IP address or MAC address to track device-event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL. 

4.    ** _Specialized information._** We may collect and store information (including personal information) locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches. We may also use cookies and anonymous identifiers when you interact with services such as advertising services offered by us or our business partners. Certain services may include a unique application number in connection with the installation of apps. This number and information, including, without limitation, operating system type and app version number may be sent to our service providers when you install, update or uninstall apps. We may also collect and process information about your actual location. For example, we may acquire your device's GPS signals. We may also use various technologies to determine your location based on information collected via our wi-fi access points, custom sensors, and cell towers. 

**Security**

5.    ** _Security._** Yamaha uses reasonable measures to safeguard the security and integrity of your Personal Information. However, data transmission or storage on the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and Yamaha does not make such a guarantee. You should take all precautions to safeguard your passwords and any account information that you may have or provide and to employ current virus-scanning or firewall software and other security safeguards. You should also log out of your account and close your browser window. While Yamaha uses reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Information, Yamaha cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Policy Governs Use; Changes to Privacy Policy; Misc.**

6.    ** _Policy Governs Use._** The terms of this policy will govern the use and any information collected through the Website while it is in place. 

7.    ** _Changes to the Privacy Policy._** Technology and the Internet are rapidly changing. Yamaha, therefore, is likely to make changes to the Website in the future and as a consequence will need to revise this Privacy Policy to reflect those changes. When we revise the Privacy Policy, Yamaha will alert all users with whom it maintains email information of such modifications by means of an email to their most recently provided email address. It is important that you review this Privacy Policy periodically for an up-to-date understanding of Yamaha's policies and practices.

8.    ** _Third Party Websites._** Yamaha mobile applications and Websites may allow you to link directly to websites or other apps operated by third parties, including, without limitation, Yamaha service providers (such as Yamaha's third-party shopping cart service provider) or marketing providers. Some of these third-party marketing channels may be "co-branded" with a Yamaha logo; even so, these third-party channels are not operated, controlled or maintained by Yamaha. These channels or links are provided for your convenience only and should be used with your discretion and prudent judgment. Links from our Website to third-party websites do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, or approval by Yamaha of the content, policies or practices of such third-party Websites. The collection and use of your Personal Information by such co-branding third parties is the responsibility of the co-branding partner, and not Yamaha. Yamaha is not responsible for any information these websites or digital channels may obtain and does not oversee their policies or practices in collecting Personal Information. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information provided to or gathered by the third parties that operate them. The privacy policies of these third-party websites may differ from those of Yamaha. These Websites may ask you for Personal Information. Please review the privacy policy on third-party channels before submitting information, because Yamaha does not have control over the use of information collected on these websites. This Website may also be linked to websites operated by companies affiliated with Yamaha. Please review the privacy policies and practices of these digital channels before providing any Personal Information.

9.    ** _Children and Data Collection._** Yamaha's Websites are general audience web sites. Yamaha's Website content is not directed toward children or minors who are under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children. If Yamaha or its Internet Service Providers become aware that a child has provided us with Personal Information, that information will be deleted from our databases. If you have questions about personal information that may have been submitted by a child or minor, please email us at [privacypolicy@yamaha.com](mailto:privacypolicy@yamaha.com)

10.    ** _How You May Access and Change the Information that Yamaha Collects._** The first time that you provide us with registration information through our Website, you may be offered the opportunity to subscribe to and receive additional information about our products and services by opting in to such services. After your first use, you can change your initial choices by contacting customer service e-mail at [privacypolicy@yamaha.com](mailto:privacypolicy@yamaha.com), or by clicking on the unsubscribe link contained in our email. Each commercial e-mail that we send to you will offer you the opportunity to opt-out of continuing to receive such messages. We may take up to 10 business days to process your opt-out requests. In some instances, we may have already shared your information with one of our authorized third parties before you changed your information preferences, and you may briefly continue to receive e-mails even after you have opted out. FTC email compliance guidelines allows us to send you transactional and relationship emails without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving those types of emails.

For those Website users located outside the United States, we advise you that your Personal Information may at times be accessible by individuals who are located worldwide including in countries that the European Commission or other geopolitical regions have not been determined to provide the same level of data protection as in your country, province, territory or geopolitical region. By providing us with your Personal Information, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with Yamaha's privacy policy, including the transfer of your Personal Information across international boundaries to jurisdictions anywhere in the world as permitted by local law.

The United States may not have data privacy laws that are deemed to afford an equal level of protection for your Personal Information as those laws legislated at the direction of the European Union or similar geopolitical, national or regional legislative bodies. However, please be assured that Yamaha will continue to adhere to the principles stated in this Privacy Policy and will make reasonable efforts to comply with applicable international, national, regional, territorial, and provincial laws in connection with any Personal Information collected through the Website. Yamaha will endeavor to preserve the integrity, confidentiality, and security of personal information and afford such personal information reasonable level of protection.

11.    ** _ _Contacting Yamaha.__** To communicate with Yamaha about this Privacy Policy or to update your Personal Information, please contact:

Privacy Policy Administrator  
Yamaha Corporation of America   
6600 Orangethorpe Avenue  
Buena Park, CA 90620  
Email: [privacypolicy@yamaha.com](mailto:privacypolicy@yamaha.com)

© 2013 Yamaha Corporation of America. All Rights Reserved. 
