> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sextoydistributing.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141221133920id_/http%3A//www.sextoydistributing.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## Privacy Statement

We respect your privacy and guarantee the information you give us will never be sold, rented or given away. Our site’s order form asks you to give us contact information, including your billing address, shipping address, credit card information, and email address. We use the information provided to facilitate any subsequent orders. We do not make our list of registered customers available to other companies. Our promise to you is outlined in the following privacy statement:

  1. We do not read your private online communications.
  2. We do not use any information about where you personally go on the Web, and we do not give it out to others.
  3. We do not give out your telephone number, credit card information or screen names. And we give you the opportunity to correct your personal contact and billing information at any time.
  4. We do not give out this purchase data to others.
  5. We take extra steps to protect the safety and privacy.
  6. We use secure technology, privacy protection controls and restrictions on employee access in order to safeguard your personal information.



Websites linking to this page have chosen to adopt this generic privacy policy as their own. This means that they agree to abide by the principles laid out below.

## Information that is gathered from visitors

In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor’s IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit. Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website. Where registration is required, the visitor’s email and a username will be stored on the server.

## How the Information is used

The information is used to enhance the visitor’s experience when using the website to display personalized content and possibly advertising. E-mail addresses will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties. E-mail may be sent to inform you of news of our services or offers by our affiliates or us.

## Visitor Options

If you have subscribed to one of our services, you may unsubscribe by following the instructions, which are included in e-mail that you receive. You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website.

## Cookies

Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website. 3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes.

## Google Ads

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to visitors based on their visit to sites they visit on the Internet. Website visitors may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

## Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

## Policy Changes

By submitting your information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this Policy. If we change our Privacy Policy we will post the changes on this page, and may place notices on other pages of the web site, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it. Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes.

## Contact Us

If you want to contact us regarding this Privacy Policy, or our collection and use of your personal information, please write SexToyDistributing.com. 15251 Pipeline Lane, Huntington Beach CA, 92649.
