> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ownedcore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-09-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190927085552id_/https%3A//www.ownedcore.com/forums/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - OwnedCore - World of Warcraft Exploits, Hacks, Bots and Guides.

Effective date: April 25, 2018 

OC Gaming LLC ("us", "we", or "our") operates the website (the "Service"). 

Data protection is taken very seriously by OC Gaming LLC. The processing of personal data is necessary for the Service to function. We therefore request consent from the data subject during the registration process. 

The processing of personal data shall always be in line with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), and in accordance with the country specific data protection regulations applicable. 

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. 

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. 

**Definitions**

**Personal Data**   
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession). 

**Usage Data**   
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit). 

**Cookies**   
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User's device. 

**Data Controller**   
Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data. 

**Data Processor (or Service Providers)**   
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively. 

**Data Subject**   
Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data. 

**User**   
The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data. 

**Consent**   
Consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her. 

**Contact Details**   
Full name of legal entity: OC Gaming LLC   
Email address: [[email protected]](https://www.ownedcore.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)   
Postal address: 13905 Hawksnest Bay Dr, Corpus christi, Texas 78418, United States 

**Data Collection and Use**

**Types of Data Collected**   
We may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together follows:   
\- Identity Data   
\- Contact Data   
\- Financial Data   
\- Technical and Usage Data   
\- Profile Data   
\- Marketing and Communications Data 

**Cookies Data**   
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information. 

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service. 

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. 

Examples of Cookies we use:   
\- Session Cookies   
\- Preference Cookies   
\- Security Cookies 

Read full information on our [Cookies Policy](https://www.ownedcore.com/forums/cookie-policy/) page. 

**Use of Data**

OC Gaming LLC uses the collected data for various purposes:   
\- To provide and maintain our Service   
\- To notify you about changes to our Service   
\- To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so   
\- To provide customer support   
\- To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service   
\- To monitor the usage of our Service   
\- To detect, prevent and address technical issues or fraudulent activity   
\- To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information 

**Opting Out**   
You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link in emails or by managing your communication preferences in your account settings. 

**Retention of Data**

OC Gaming LLC will retain your data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies. 

**Transfer of Data**

Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction. 

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. 

OC Gaming LLC will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information. 

**Disclosure of Data**

**Disclosure for Law Enforcement**   
Under certain circumstances, OC Gaming LLC may be required to disclose your data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency). 

**Legal Requirements**   
OC Gaming LLC may disclose your data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:   
\- To comply with a legal obligation   
\- To protect and defend the rights or property of OC Gaming LLC   
\- To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service   
\- To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public   
\- To protect against legal liability 

**Security of Data**

The security of your data is very important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 

**Your Rights**

OC Gaming LLC aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. 

Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes. 

In certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. 

Request access to your personal data (commonly known as a "data subject access request"). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it. 

Request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us. 

Request erasure of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. 

Request the transfer of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use. 

Withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent. 

To exercise your rights as detailed above, please contact us at [[email protected]](https://www.ownedcore.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)

**What we may need from you**

We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data. This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. 

**Service Providers**

We may employ third-party companies and individuals ("Service Providers") to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. 

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. 

**Children's Privacy**

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children"). 

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children have provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers. 

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time so please check back regularly. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. 

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy. 

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. 

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:   
By email: [[email protected]](https://www.ownedcore.com/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)
