> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the divinvest.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231222207id_/http%3A//www.divinvest.com/home/en/privacy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Diversified

### Purpose of the Internet Privacy Policy

At Diversified, protecting your privacy is very important to us. By posting our Internet Privacy Policy, we want you to understand what information we collect about you when you visit our Web site and how we use that information. This Internet Privacy Policy also describes our practices for handling and securing such information. This Policy applies solely to information collected by this Web site (divinvest.com). The Policy does not apply to third party web sites, if any, linking to or from this site. Diversified is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by other sites.

### Categories of Information We Collect

Nonpublic Personal Information

Diversified will collect no personal information about you (such as your name, phone number, mailing address or e-mail address) when you visit this Web site unless you choose to provide that information to us. You may choose to provide us with personal information in order to use a password-protected portion of our Web site (such as the Diversified DirectSM Online account access and RetireTrackSM), to contact us by using e-mail, to complete an online form or application for a product or service that we offer, to participate in an online forum or conference, or to respond to an online survey or inquiry. We use the information to service your account, to provide you with an interactive experience by facilitating your participation in an online forum or Web conference or, in the case of e-mail, to help us get you the information you have requested and to respond to your message. We may also use personal information, such as your e-mail address, to promote products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you, to announce changes and new features about our products, programs or services, to provide news and educational information to you, to deliver reports or other account-related material to you, or to invite you to participate in online surveys or forums. To the extent that we collect your personal information for any of the immediately foregoing uses, you will be provided with the opportunity to opt out of such uses. Any decision to opt out may affect all such uses and, if you are a participant in an employer-sponsored retirement plan that Diversified services, we may be required to continue complying with your employer's or plan administrator's directions regarding use of your personal information for the retirement plan and related matters. Also, to the extent that we collect your personal information, you will be given the opportunity to access and verify such information, update such information or correct factual errors in such information. You may be able to update your personal information by accessing your Profile through Diversified DirectSM Online and making the necessary changes. To protect your privacy and security, Diversified will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access to your personal information or making corrections. Also, Diversified will not store or use personal information collected from this Web site unless Diversified believes that the information is genuine or that the identity of the information provider is authentic. 

The password-protected portions of our Web site are secure and you should consult the Security Information page on this Web site for additional information about our Internet security procedures. E-mail on the Internet is not secure, however, unless you are using a secure e-mail program. Other site features or mechanisms (such as online application forms, online forums, or online surveys) through which you may choose to provide personal information may or may not be secure depending on the nature of the information requested. Diversified will provide notification of the level of security, if any, which exists with respect to each such feature or mechanism; and, where necessary or appropriate, Diversified will take reasonable measures to ensure the secure collection and transmission of personal information using industry-accepted data encryption methodologies. In the event that a site feature or mechanism is made available to you through a third-party service provider or other agent who, because of such relationship with Diversified, may have access to your personal information, such service provider or agent will be required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services being performed for Diversified. In rare cases, in order to access or take advantage of a particular site feature or mechanism through which you may choose to provide your personal information, you may be required to go directly to the Web site of such third party service provider or agent. In such cases, Diversified suggests that you review the privacy policies posted on such web sites as Diversified will have no control or responsibility over the online privacy or security practices of such third parties. Your decision to transmit or provide us with personal information in a non-secure method should be made with considerable care as there is an increased risk that such information may be intercepted or otherwise tampered with. 

Other Information

If you do nothing during your visit but browse through the web site, read pages, or download information, we will not gather and store any information about your visit.

If you use our retirement or financial planning calculators (other than RetireTrackSM, which is password-protected) the information that you input into the calculator is used only for purposes of generating the illustration requested and is not stored by Diversified. Such calculators do not require you to input any information that identifies you personally. Diversified may conduct online surveys regarding its Web site or other products or services. You may choose to complete such surveys by inputting the requested information. The information you provide is used collectively for analytical purposes, and individual responses are not tracked. Generally, unless a survey requires its participants to meet a specific demographic profile and asks for such demographic information (containing personal information) in order to determine a prospective participant's eligibility to participate in the survey, surveys are conducted in a non-secure environment because they do not require you to provide information that identifies you personally. Because you may nonetheless choose to provide personal information (such as your e-mail address) in completing such surveys, you are solely responsible for the content of your responses to such surveys. Individuals who participate in an online forum or Web conference sponsored by Diversified may be permitted to submit online questions or commentary as part of the interactive experience. Individuals who in fact submit such online questions or commentary should expect that they will be shared with other individuals participating in the online forum or Web conference. Also, while the submission of such online questions or commentary does not require the inclusion of personal information, you may nonetheless choose to include such information (such as your e-mail address). Consequently, if you are a participant in an online forum or Web conference, you are solely responsible for the content of any online questions or commentary you submit.

Cookies

"Cookies" are small text files that some web sites transfer to your computer for added functionality, or for tracking web site usage. A web site may place personal information into the cookie file to help you navigate through the web site. For example, a web site may use the cookie file to store a password so that you do not have to continually input it every time you move to a different section of a password-protected portion of the web site. Also, a web site may place other information into the cookie file in order to measure the effectiveness of the site. For example, a web site may use the cookie file to store the Internet domain or IP address from which you access the web site, the type of browser and operating system used to access the site, the date and time you access the site, the pages you visit and the address of web sites from which you access the site. Such information are compiled on an aggregate, anonymous basis. Most cookies are designed to expire after a certain period of time but you can delete your cookie file or set the browser to notify you when a web site is sending a cookie to your computer so that you may accept or reject it.

Generally, Diversified does not track or record information about individuals' visits to the public Web site. However, Diversified recognizes the benefits that such information can provide to help make our site more useful to visitors and to help us determine the effectiveness of the site. Accordingly, Diversified may develop a keen interest in making broader use of cookie technology in the future. With respect to its public web site, Diversified uses cookies only to store your homepage preference or default setting for purposes of accessing the site. This is strictly for your convenience and allows you to set your browser so that every time you visit the site, you will automatically be directed to the Plan Participants homepage. With respect to the password-protected portion of the Web site, the Diversified DirectSM Online web application uses a cookie to hold the session ID of the user for the limited purpose of accessing Diversified's servers.

### Categories of Information We Disclose

Diversified does not disclose any information gathered or collected from this Web site to any third party, except as may be required or permitted by law.

### Our Information Security Procedures

In the event that you choose to submit nonpublic personal information on our Web site, Diversified also takes steps internally to safeguard such information. We restrict access to your personal information to those employees and service providers who need to know that information to provide products or services to you. We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your nonpublic personal information. (If you become a retail customer of Diversified or a retirement plan participant, you will receive a [Privacy Notice](https://ddol.divinvest.com/ddol/servlet/com.aegon.arch.service.documentmanagement.proxy.DocumentManagementServiceProxyInvokerServlet?Saction=doTemplateView&CATALG_ITEM_C=9b688e-10494791db6--726) when you open an account or otherwise submit an application form. The Privacy Notice describes Diversified's procedures for handling and safeguarding nonpublic personal information collected from you during the establishment and servicing of your account.)

### Changes to the Privacy Policy

Diversified reserves the right to modify or supplement the Internet Privacy Policy at anytime. If we make changes, we will provide you with a revised policy that describes our new practices. We encourage you to review this Policy periodically for changes. Your use of this web site after we have posted any changes to this Policy constitutes your acceptance of the changes.

### Date: 05/25/2011
