> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the poundland.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2008-07-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080708142354id_/http%3A//www.poundland.co.uk/pages/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Poundland - Pound shop online UK

### Privacy statement

This statement will tell you about how we collect and use information about you. We will not store or process your personal information other than in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. It may sometimes be necessary for us to pass your information to third parties who provided assistance in the provision of services to you. When we do so, we will ensure that the information is only used for the purposes set out in this privacy statement and transferred in accordance with it and current UK legislation. By using the website, you agree to us using your personal information in this way.

### Use of cookies 

A cookie is a string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are.

Our website uses "Google Analytics", a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses persistent cookies (which remain in the cookie file of your browser after you have left our website) to help the website analyze how you use the site. 

The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google and/or its subsidiaries may use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. 

Google may also transfer this information to third parties where 

(a) required to do so by law;   
(b) it has a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of Google, its users or the public; or   
(c) such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. 

We understand Google will not associate your IP address with any other data it holds. If you would like to read more about Google Analytics or how Google might use your information, please see [www.google.co.uk/analytics](http://www.google.co.uk/analytics). 

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, although if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website.

By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by or on behalf of Google and/or its subsidiaries in this way. 

### What information do we collect?

We may ask you to give us certain information when you use this website. The information may include:

  * Your name and date of birth 
  * Your postal address 
  * Your email address 
  * Your gender 
  * Your occupation 



If you contact us by other means, for example by email, post or telephone, we may also collect the information you provide to us.

### How we will use your information?

In addition to the use of information gathered through the cookies used on our website (see above), other information collected by this website about you may be held by us for marketing and research purposes. This may include providing you with regular email bulletins, promotional offers and/or information about products and services. We may also use the information to analyse market trends and use of the website. 

We will only use this other information for marketing purposes if you have 'opted in' and advised: 

  * I wish to receive regular information about Poundland Ltd. 



Alternatively, if you do not want information to be used in this way, you can contact Poundland Ltd on:

Tel: +44 (0) 121 568 7000   
or by writing to:   
Poundland Ltd   
Wellmans Road   
Willenhall   
West Midlands   
WV13 2QT   
Email: [info@poundland.co.uk](mailto:info@poundland.co.uk)

You have a right to request details of any information we may hold about you on payment of a fee. Please address any requests to the contact address set out above. If you believe that any information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete you should write without delay to the above address. Any information which is found to be incorrect or incomplete will be corrected promptly.

### Links to other websites

Our website may contain links that make it easy for you to visit other sites which might be of interest to you. If you use the links to leave our website and visit a website operated by somebody else, you should note that we do not have any control over that website. Accordingly, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites. You should exercise caution and look at the Privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

### Security

We take appropriate security measures in relation to the information which you provide to us. For more information on the Data Protection Act, please visit the website maintained by the [Office of the Information Commissioner](http://www.dataprotection.gov.uk/). 

* * *

UDR 11484347
