> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the videobrewery.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160310100120id_/http%3A//www.videobrewery.com/public/legal) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Legal | Video Brewery

We respect and value your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes the information we collect from you when you visit our website [VideoBrewery.com](http://www.videobrewery.com/) (“Website”), how we use that information, and under what circumstances we disclose it. It will also give you more information about how to manage the personal information that you provide to us. This Privacy Policy shool style="list-style-type: lower-alpha;"d be read in conjunction with the Terms of Use located on the Website.

  1. **Applicability.** While the Website is available to, and can be used by, anyone with internet access the Website is intended to be accessed and used by individuals from the United States of America, and Video Brewery LLC hereby disclaims any representations and/or warranties it makes in this Privacy Policy that such policy satisfies the requirements of users accessing and using the Website from outside the United States of America. 
  2. **Information We Collect.** When you use our Website, we may receive and collect certain information. The information that we may receive and collect depends on what you do when you visit our Website. 
    1. **Automatically Collected Information.** Some information is automatically received and sometimes collected from you when you visit our Website. This information may include some or all of the following items: the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet, including the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using and the IP address of your Internet Service Provider; the type and version of Internet browser software you use and your operating system; the date and time you access our site, the length of your stay and the specific pages, images, video or forms that you access while visiting the site; the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our Website, and if applicable, the search engine that referred you and any search strings or phrases that you entered into the search engine to find this site; and demographic information concerning the country of origin of your computer and the language(s) used by it. We use this information to monitor the usage of our Website, assess its performance, ensure technological compatibility with your computer, and understand the relative importance of the information provided on our Website. We may also use this data to conduct statistical analyses on visitors’ usage patterns and other aggregated data.
    2. **Information Collected via Cookies.** “Cookies” are small files or records that are placed on your computer’s hard drive to distinguish you from other visitors to our Website. The use of cookies is a standard practice among websites to collect or track information about your activities while using our Website.

A cookie may enable the website owner to track how a visitor navigates through its website and the areas in which they show interest. This is similar to a traffic report: it tracks trends and behaviors, but does not identify individuals. Information gathered may include date and time of visits, pages viewed, time spent at the site, and the website visited just before and just after a visit to our Website.

Cookies can be set to expire: (1) on a specified date; (2) after a specific period of time; (3) when a transaction has been completed; or (4) when a user turns off his/her Internet browser. A cookie that is erased from memory when a visitor’s Internet browser closes is called a “session” cookie. Cookies that expire based on a time set by the Web server are called “persistent” cookies.

Our Website may use both “session cookies” and “permanent cookies.” Most people do not know that cookies are being placed on their computers when they visit our Website or most websites because browsers are typically set to accept cookies. You can choose to have your browser warn you every time a cookie is being sent to you or you can turn off cookie placements. If you refuse cookies, there may be parts of our Website that may not function properly.

    3. **Information You May Actively Submit Through Our Website.** For most of the browsing on our Website, we neither require nor collect “User Information.” User Information is information that cool style="list-style-type: lower-alpha;"d personally identify you, for example, your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, and credit card information. You can browse our Website and take as much time as you want to review our services without having to submit such User Information. In the following instances, however, we do need you to actively submit User Information when: (1) you want to contact us via electronic means or website submission; (2) you utilize online ordering; (3) you enter a contest or sweepstakes; or (4) you join our customer loyalty programs and/or email lists. E-mail or other forms of electronic communication, including website submission, are not secure and/or confidential means of communication. 
  3. **Security.** We strive to maintain internal controls and procedures to ensure that the Information (as defined below) you share with us is handled in a safe, secure and responsible manner. We have security measures to help protect against loss, unauthorized access and alteration of the information in our control. We will only disclose such Information to employees and authorized service providers who require such information for the purposes described in this Policy. Our databases are protected by physical, technical, and procedural measures that restrict access to authorized person in accordance with this Policy. Although no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed 100% secure, and we cannot ensure against any loss, misuse, unauthorized disclosure, alteration, or destruction of data, we take reasonable precautions to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. Our information systems are maintained behind a firewall to isolate them from access by other networks connected to the Internet, and access to Information is granted only to employees who need the information to perform a specific job.

Because your credit card security is a high priority, we have taken numerous steps to ensure your payment information is processed confidentially. Our Website use is secured during transmission using industry standard e-commerce security technology such as Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology. We use SSL technology to prevent such information from being intercepted and read as it is transmitted over the Internet. Once this User Information is received by us and/or our third party processing merchants, it is stored format is masked and/or encrypted.

  4. **Personal Information About Children.** Our Website is targeted primarily for use by adol style="list-style-type: lower-alpha;"ts. We do not currently market to or create special areas for use by children. Accordingly, we do not knowingly collect age identifying information, nor do we knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 years. However, we hereby advise all visitors to our site under the age of 13 not to disclose or provide any personally identifiable information on our Website. In the event that we discover that a child under the age of 13 has provided personally identifiable information to us, in accordance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (please see the Federal Trade Commission’s website at http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/edu/pubs/consumer/tech/tec08.shtm for more information about this Act), we will delete the child’s personally identifiable information from our files to the extent technologically possible. 
  5. **E-Mail Communications.** When you send an email to us, or provide your email address to us, you are communicating with us electronically and consent to receive communication from us electronically. We may retain the content of the email, your email address, and our response in order to service your needs. We may use the data that you provide to send you email or correspondence via other means. 
  6. **How We Use and Share User Information.** Our view on using User Information is simple. We do not rent or sell your personal or User Information (collectively, “Information”). We may use your Information that you actively submit to better assist you when you visit or call us again and to send you special offers that may be of interest to you. We do this by general marketing communications for our services, including by regol style="list-style-type: lower-alpha;"ar mail and e-mail, (collectively, “Marketing Communications”). Unless you “opt-out” through opportunities available to you through our Marketing Communications, we may send you Marketing Communications. You may also “opt-out” of future Marketing Communications by following the instructions provided in this Privacy Policy under the “Access to and Managing Your Information” section of this Privacy Policy. Except where we otherwise obtain your express permission, we share your Information with third parties only under the limited circumstances stated below: 
    1. Information is subject to disclosure in response to judicial or other governmental subpoenas, warrants and court orders served on us in accordance with their terms, as otherwise required by applicable law, or in response to requests by law enforcement; 
    2. Information is subject to disclosure to protect our rights or property, protect its legitimate business interests, to enforce the provisions of our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, and/or to prevent harm to you or others; 
    3. Information may be disclosed to carefol style="list-style-type: lower-alpha;"ly selected third-party service providers in order to provide services to you, such as to complete orders (U.S. Postal Service, Canada Post, or other delivery companies we or you select); provide customer service; send or email Marketing Communications; maintain our customer loyalty program and database and other programs; monitor the activity of our Website; conduct surveys; and administer contests or sweepstakes. We will share your Information with our carefol style="list-style-type: lower-alpha;"ly selected third-party services providers on a confidential basis. These service providers are prohibited from using your Information for any purpose other than providing our services. 
    4. Information may be disclosed to process credit card transactions. In this case these transactions are handled by established third party banking, processing agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process your order. In addition, we may disclose Information to third parties to verify the authenticity of any financial transaction involving our company or its subsidiaries. 
    5. Information may be disclosed or transferred to affiliates of ours or to third parties as part of a corporate restructuring or sale or other transfer of the Website and its related business. 
  7. **Linking to Third-Party Website.** When you click on links on our Website that take you to third-party websites, you will be subject to the third parties’ privacy policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot be responsible for the actions of any third-party websites. We encourage you to read the posted privacy policies of any and every website you visit, whether you are linking from our Website or browsing on your own. 
  8. **Access to and Managing Your Information.** We believe it is important for you to be able to: (1) find out what Information you have provided to us through our Website; (2) update your Information; and (3) “opt out” of receiving future Marketing Communications. To inquire about your Information, update your Information, or “opt” out of receiving future Marketing Communications, please do one of the following: 
    1. Send an e-mail with your request and current contact information to support@videobrewery.com; 
    2. Send a request in writing with your current contact information to: Video Brewery LLC, 210 N. Racine Ave., Suite 3S, Chicago, IL 60607. 
    3. If you send an e-mail or letter request, please be sure to include your fol style="list-style-type: lower-alpha;"l name, address, phone number and e-mail address and indicate the specific nature of your request. If you want to “opt in” or “opt out” of receiving Marketing Communications, specifically what type of Marketing Communication (e.g., e-mail or direct mail) you wish to receive or stop receiving. This will ensure we identify you correctly in our systems and accurately process your request. We will take appropriate steps to implement your request, but due to production, mailing and system timelines, it may take up to: 10 business days for e-mails or 30 calendar days for mail. Until that change takes effect, you may still receive or not receive Marketing Communications from us. 
    4. Also, please note that even though you may have “opted out” of receiving Marketing Communications, you may still receive business-related communications. Please be aware that “opting-out” of certain third party use may prevent us from providing certain services that you request. 
  9. **What You Need to Do to Protect Your Information.** You have several options when deciding how you can best protect your Information. One option is simply not to volunteer it. As stated above, this approach wool style="list-style-type: lower-alpha;"d allow you to still visit our Website, although it will prevent you, for example, from ordering on-line or providing us with your comments or questions relating to our services. The Federal Trade Commission’s website, www.ftc.gov, also offers usefol style="list-style-type: lower-alpha;" information about how to protect personally identifiable information provided to a website. 
  10. **What to Do About Suspected Violations of This Privacy Statement.** If at any time you believe we have not adhered to the policies and principles set forth in this Privacy Statement, please notify us using the contact information provided below. We will make all commercially reasonable efforts to promptly respond to your concerns. 
  11. **Changes to Privacy Policies.** Our Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time, so we suggest that you review the current Privacy Policy at the start of each visit our Website. Unless we clearly express otherwise, we will use Information in accordance with the Privacy Policy under which the Information was collected. YOU ARE HEREBY ADVISED THAT YOUR CONTINUED USE OF OUR WEBSITE CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF ANY AMENDMENTS TO AND THE MOST RECENT VERSION OF THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT AND THE WEBSITE’S TERMS OF USE. 
  12. **California Privacy Rights.** Beginning on January 1, 2005, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to support@videobrewery.com or write us: Video Brewery LLC, 210 N. Racine Ave., Suite 3S, Chicago, IL 60607 
  13. **Questions or Comments.** If you have any questions or comments concerning our Privacy Policy, please contact us: 
    1. Send an email with your request and current contact information to support@videobrewery.com; 
    2. Send a request in writing with your current contact information to: Video Brewery LLC, 210 N. Racine Ave., Suite 3S, Chicago, IL 60607. 


