> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the videogamesplus.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150521190032id_/https%3A//www.videogamesplus.ca/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy / Security | VIDEOGAMESPLUS.CA | Home for the Hardcore Gamer!

1584388 Ontario Incorporated which is operating as www.videogamesplus.com (the "Company") maintains strict customer information privacy policies and uses state of the art technologies to safeguard customer information and communications from unauthorized intrusions.

The Company recognizes that the growth of on-line services, including Internet services, has created additional privacy concerns, particularly for consumers.

On-line privacy concerns focus primarily on the protection of "customer identifiable" information which an individual or other customer reasonably expects to be kept private. As the term suggests, "customer identifiable" information is information that, when associated with an individual identifies that individual, including but not limited to, a customer's name, address, telephone number, credit card information, and e-mail address.

The Company has put in place the following On-line Privacy Policy. This policy covers the Company. The Company will continue to protect customer information derived from customer registration, consistent with laws and regulations issued by Ontario, Canada.

Collection and Use: The Company will collect and may use customer identifiable information for registration purposes, newsletters, billing purposes, contact regarding orders placed with the Company (including but not limited to shipping, changes to orders, communicating with customers regarding updates on their order), provide and change service, to anticipate and resolve problems with your service, or to create and inform you of products and services that better meet your needs. This means that the Company may use your customer identifiable information, in conjunction with information available from other sources, to market new services to you that we think will be of interest to you, but we will not disclose your customer identifiable information to third parties who want to market products to you.

When you access the Internet, the computers that host the web sites you visit ("web servers") automatically receive some browsing information. This "usage data" may include a record of which pages a web browser has visited, and IP addresses. The Company's servers receive usage data when customers visit the Company's web sites. The Company may use usage data to provide advertising about goods and services that may be of interest to the Company's customers, or to provide customized features and services. The Company will not use information about your activities on the Internet together with any information that identifies you without your consent.

The Company and its advertisers may use various kinds of software devices to collect information about Internet use. Small files called "cookies" may be attached to your Web browser and/or computer. These files identify you, and save information such as passwords so that web sites can recognize you. You can set your browser to disable cookies, but some of the Company's web site functions may not work properly if you do this.

In addition, on some web sites, the Company and its advertisers may use small bits of code such as "one-pixel gifs," or "clear gifs" embedded in some web pages, to make cookies more effective.

The Company may use advertising companies to deliver advertisements on some the Company's web pages. The advertising companies may also receive some anonymous information about advertisement viewing by Internet users on the Company's web pages and other Internet sites. This information may be associated with a customer's web browser, but not with a name or e-mail address without the customer's permission. The Company does not supply customer identifiable information to advertising companies or to individual advertisers or other third parties. If you go to another web site, including an advertiser's web site (for example by clicking on an advertisement), and request information or enter a contest, be aware that you may be authorizing another company, including an advertising company, to use information you supply. You can find out which advertising companies deliver advertisements on the Company's web pages, read their privacy policies, and choose whether to let them collect information about what you do on the Internet by clicking here.

Disclosure: The Company will not sell, trade, or disclose to third parties any customer identifiable information derived from the registration for or use of The Company's on-line service - including customer names and addresses - without the consent of the customer (except as required by court order, subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process or in the case of imminent physical harm to the customer or others). When the Company uses other agents, contractors or companies to perform services on its behalf, the Company will ensure that the company protects your customer identifiable information consistent with this Privacy Policy. If the Company includes your name and any other registration information in a directory that the Company creates from information we receive as an on-line service provider, the company will give you the opportunity to have your information excluded from that directory. Business directories that the Company creates may, however, contain information obtained from other sources.

Third Party Gathering: The Company may use web traffic reporting services such as Google Analytics. The information is collected by Google Analytics on behalf of the Company. The information collected by Google Analytics is mostly anonymous (except for some information such as IP addresses and Google search terms). For more information on Google Analytics' privacy practices, you may visit their [Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html).

Customer Choice: A customer may choose not to receive direct marketing communications from the Company in connection with the Company's on-line services. Upon such choice, the Company (a) will not contact that customer directly with marketing messages about the Company's on-line services, and (b) will not use customer identifiable information obtained from that customer's registration for or use of an on-line service to contact that customer with marketing messages about any of the Company's products or services. A customer may choose not to receive such messages by e-mail, by mail, or by telephone.

For information and instructions about how to opt out of such notifications, please email us at: [security@videogamesplus.ca](mailto:security@videogamesplus.ca).

Customer-identifiable information which a visitor volunteers at one of the the Company's web pages to order services other than on-line services will be protected just as if the information had been provided under more traditional ways of ordering that service.

Security: The Company has implemented technology and security features and strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of your customer identifiable information from unauthorized access or improper use, and we will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes available.

Improper Conduct: The Company may also use customer identifiable information to investigate and help prevent potentially unlawful activity or activity that threatens the network or otherwise violates the customer agreement for that service.

Account Information: The Company honours requests from customers to review all customer identifiable information maintained in reasonably retrievable form, which currently consists of your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and/or billing information, and will correct any such information which may be inaccurate. Customers may verify that appropriate corrections have been made.

Customer Concerns: If you are a consumer with concerns about the Company's on-line Privacy Policy or its implementation you may contact us at [security@videogamesplus.ca](mailto:security@videogamesplus.ca).

Changes in Practices: The Company will keep this Privacy Policy current. The company will inform you of any changes that we make by posting notice of changes on the Company's homepage.
