> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vidiload.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101231065337id_/http%3A//www.vidiload.com/index.php%3Fpage%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Vidiload - Privacy Policy

We respect your privacy, and we want you to feel comfortable using the Vidiload web site. Therefore, we are providing you with this privacy policy so you can better understand how we collect information about you, what we do with your information, and who, other than Vidiload.com may also receive your information. Vidiload.com does collect certain personally identifiable information that may be used to provide you with customized services, content, networking opportunities, industry information and/or advertisements. Personally identifiable information is collected when you register to receive certain Vidiload.com services, products or offers. Vidiload.com may also request personally identifiable information when the user elects to participate in other Vidiload.com affiliated or sponsored programs, including, but not limited to, sweepstakes, contests, and/or other such promotions. Vidiload.com may share the collected personally identifiable information with a sponsor or other third party that may be interested in serving you. Vidiload.com will request and verify your consent before any personally identifiable information is provided to sponsors or third parties. You may also inform Vidiload.com at any time not to share your personally identifiable information with third parties by sending an e-mail message to contact-at-vidiload.com and requesting that your personally identifiable information not be released to third parties. Vidiload.com may use your personally identifiable information to provide you with any of our present and future services. We may also use this information to notify you or contact you with regard to any problem with, or the expiration of such services. For this reason, Vidiload.com may find it necessary to disclose your personally identifiable information to one or more Vidiload.com agents and/or contractors and their subcontractors, but such agents, contractors, and subcontractors will be required to agree to use any personally identifiable information obtained from Vidiload.com for only such purposes. Personally identifiable information also may be disclosed to the proper authorities in special situations where Vidiload.com has reason to believe that doing so is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against anyone damaging, injuring, or interfering (intentionally or unintentionally) with Vidiload.com's rights, property, users, or anyone else who may be harmed by such activities. Vidiload.com may reveal personally identifiable information when we have been informed by law enforcement authorities or have established a good faith belief that the law requires Vidiload.com to do so. We reserve the right to change our privacy policy at any time by posting revisions on the Vidiload.com web site. This privacy policy is not intended to, and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. 
