> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vidoza.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181225233915id_/https%3A//vidoza.net/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Vidoza

Vidoza.net (the “Site”) and (Collectively “Vidoza”) takes all necessary steps to protecting the interest of all our users and their vital information while using our file hosting and online storage. Therefore this Statement of Privacy Policy governs all the data collection and usage of the Site. It does not govern personal information collected by Vidoza offline, or web pages having separate privacy policies or not linking to this Privacy Policy. You will find that we have adopted the following provisions to comply with both international regulations dealing with Privacy and Data Protection, as well as the requirements to comply with the EU Directive 95/46/EC (as amended). By accessing, registering, transacting, downloading, uploading and/or using Vidoza, you consent to the data practices described in this Statement. Furthermore, it is your legal obligation to review all aspects to this policy and acknowledge the legal rights of your privacy being protected. Usage Collection & Information Disclosure: Upon subscribing with the Site you will find that we will collect mandatory email address and that we may also collect your full-name, email address, and password with the effect of registering on signup with Vidoza. Occasionally, we may collect from time to time various anonymous demographics that may be used for any promotional campaigns with Vidoza or to contact you in the near future. Additionally, we may automatically collect information which pertains to your computer hardware and software. This information can and may include: IP addresses, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation to maintain the quality of service and to provide general statistics regarding the use of the Site and in connection with all users that download files. Furthermore, please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through the Site or through any social postings and/or testimonies on the Site or other websites, that information may be collected by others. WE DO NOT SELL, RENT OR LEASE.

## Customer Lists To Third Parties.

We do not knowingly collect information online or offline pertaining to minors under the age of 13, and you will find that we are compliant with the laws that govern the usage and collection of information regarding the consent of minors regulated under the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA) and the Children's Internet Protection Act of 2001 (CIPA). Furthermore you will find that we will purge any personal identifiable information that may pertain to Children under the age of 13, if we become aware of this or through the fact of acknowledgement from a parent or guardian that has contacted us through email below. We will without doubt disclose all personal information without notice, only if requested to do so by law or in such belief necessary through good faith that such action is to:   
a. Conform to all edicts of the law and/or to comply with any or all legal processes served on Vidoza and/or the “Site”;   
b. To protect and defend the legal rights or property of Vidoza and/or the “Site”;   
c. Act under all exigent circumstances that govern the personal protection and safety of its users using Vidoza and/or the “Site”, or the public. 

Cookie Usage & Collection: We may use the use of “Cookies”, which therefore implements the collection, usage and storage of cookies with your absolute consent. You will find that cookies are uniquely assigned to you and can only be read through a web server, which cannot be used to run any programs or deliver any viruses to your computer. Therefore each user has the ability to accept or decline cookies when using the Site, but you may not be able to experience all the features of the Site, if you deem to decline the usage of cookies.

## Personal Security:

Your personal information is secured when using Vidoza and/or the “Site” from unauthorized access, and/or use of disclosure. When personal information is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. We maintain our Site each and every day to secure any loopholes or legal structures that may need attention, making it safe for you to register with us and/or make payment transactions. However, we expect that you will always take all extra precautions of securing your personal identifiable information through the use of the “Site” or any other website that you tend to use.

## Modifications & Changes:

Vidoza makes modifications and/or changes to reflect certain legislation from time to time in order to be compliant within this Statement of Privacy and use of the Site. Therefore we encourage that all users review this Statement of Privacy periodically to see how we are maintaining to protect your rights and obligations as laws may change or the “Site” changes.

## Comments & Concerns:

We appreciates any comments and/or concerns that you may have regarding this Statement of Privacy and the usage of Vidoza, and/or if you believe that we have not adhered to this Statement, you may contact us through email at: admin (at) Vidoza.net. (Effective as of January 01, 2017)
