> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the landwatch.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141211132609id_/http%3A//www.landwatch.com/Privacy_Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Land for sale, acreage for sale, lots for sale, farms for sale at LandWatch.com

This privacy policy ("Policy") explains how personal information is collected, used, and disclosed with respect to your use of our web site located at [www.landwatch.com](https://web.archive.org/) (the "Site") operated by LandWatch, LLC. ("LandWatch", "we" or "us") so you can make an informed decision about using the Site. We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the privacy policy the date it was last updated. Your use of the Site following the posting of such changes or revised statement shall constitute your consent to any changes in our privacy practices. We encourage you to review this Policy whenever you visit our Site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.

WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION?

As used herein, the term "personal information" means information that specifically identifies an individual (such as a name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, or other account number), and information about that individual's activities, such as information about his or her use of the Site, when directly linked to personally identifiable information. Personal information also includes demographic information such as date of birth, gender, geographic area and preferences when such information is linked to other personal information that identifies you. Personal information does not include "aggregate" information, which is data we collect about the use of the Site or about a group or category of products, services or users, from which individual identities or other personal information has been removed. In other words, information about how you use a service may be collected and combined with information about how others use the same service. Aggregate data helps us understand trends and our users' needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor our Site. This policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information.

WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

Personal information may be collected in a number of ways when you visit our Site. We may collect certain information you voluntarily provide to us which may contain personal information. For example, we may collect personal information, such as your name, address, email, phone number, and other contact, property and demographic information when you register for the site, request a broker referral, request that a broker contact regarding a particular property, list a property or send us an email or contact us by other means for any reason. We may also collect contact information and credit card or other payment account information if you pay subscription or advertising fees or purchase any such products or services through the Site. In addition, personal information may be collected if you provide such information in connection with posting any property information or advertising, content or comments on the Site or participating in any interactive forums or features that may appear on the site, and we may also collect and analyze search and transaction activity information. From time to time we may collect demographic, contact or other personal information you provide in connection with your participation in surveys, contests, promotional offers, and other activities on the Site.

When you visit our web site, some information is also automatically collected, such as your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address, your computer's operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring web site, and your activity on the Site. We treat this information as personal information if we combine it with or link it to any of the identifying information mentioned above. Otherwise, it is used in the aggregate only. We may also automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies." Cookies are small data files that are stored on a user's hard drive at the request of a Web site to enable the site to recognize users who have previously visited them and retain certain information such as customer preferences and history. If we combine cookies with or link them to any of the personally identifying information, we would treat this information as personal information. If you wish to block, erase, or be warned of cookies, please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn about these functions. However, if a browser is set not to accept cookies or if a user rejects a cookie, you will not be able to sign in and will not be able to access certain Site features or services.

WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?

In general, we use personal information we collect to facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, the Site and the services being provided by us (the "Services"), to provide you with information or Services you request, to process your requests or transactions, and for the purpose for which the information was provided. For example, we may use the information we collect: 

  * to send you a welcoming email and to contact you about your use of the Site and the Services, such as for administrative purposes or to provide you with customer service;
  * to inform you about our or a third party's products, services, events, promotions or activities that we think may be of interest to you, and for other marketing, informational, product development and promotional purposes.
  * to provide you with the services, products, referrals or information you requested and to complete any transactions in connection therewith;
  * to respond to your emails, submissions, comments, requests or complaints;
  * to request feedback;
  * for the purpose of research or product development and to otherwise enable us to develop, customize and improve the Site, the Services, and our products and advertising;
  * to notify contest winners; and
  * for the specific purpose for which the information was provided.



Personal information provided online may be linked together or merged with other personal information so that we may better understand your needs and inform you about our products or services and those of our partners. In addition, if we receive information from third parties with whom we have business relationships, we may combine this information with the other personal information we maintain about you. In either case, this Policy governs this information. 

SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

We may share your personal information with third parties when you request us to do so or otherwise give us your consent. For example, when you request that a broker contact you about a property or ask us to refer you to a broker, we will share your personal information with such brokers in order to carry out your request. We may also share personal information with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers (“Service Providers”) who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the Site and the Services and who need access to such information to carry out their work for us, such as payment processors and hosting services. However, we are not responsible for the actions of such brokers or Service Providers, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these brokers or Service Providers or to other third parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information directly to them. We may also share personal information in any manner with any company that owns, is owned by or which is under common ownership with us (collectively "Affiliates"), who may use such information in the same way that we do (as described above). Note that nothing in this Policy restricts the sharing of aggregate information, which may be shared with third parties without your consent.

You understand that if you post an advertisement to the Site or use any interactive areas of the Site, certain information you post on the Site will be publicly available and will be shared with other users of the Site. Your use of the Site and the Services constitutes your consent to share this information in such manner and all such sharing of information is done at your own risk. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personal information when posting listings or other information or content to the Site, this information may become publicly available.

In addition, we may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so, or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or with legal process or authorities, respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of LandWatch, our users, our employees or the public, including without limitation to protect LandWatch or our users from fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate or unlawful use of our Site or the Services. Information about our users, including personal information, may also be disclosed or transferred as part of, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition or in any other situation where personal information may be transferred as one of the business assets of LandWatch.

WHAT STEPS DO WE TAKE TO PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION ONLINE?

You may opt out of our using your personal information to send promotional and marketing emails about our or a third party's products, services, promotions or events by sending an email to [support@landwatch.com](mailto:support@landwatch.com). However, this shall not affect our ability to send you emails or other communications for other purposes as described in this Policy.

HOW CAN YOU CORRECT AND UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION, DELETE YOUR ACCOUNT OR OBTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION?

If you wish to correct, update or otherwise modify the data associated with your account, or if you have any questions about this Policy, please email us at [support@landwatch.com.](mailto:support@landwatch.com)

THIRD PARTY SERVICES PRIVACY POLICIES
