> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the landbigfish.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090620195421id_/http%3A//www.landbigfish.com/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Land Big Fish Privacy Policy

  
  
1\. Privacy Statement. LandBigFish.com, Inc., an Ohio corporation, operates this landbigfish.com web site. Land Big Fish regards the privacy and security of user information as a critical component of the service that we offer to our users. The following information explains our information gathering and dissemination practices. 

2\. **Registration**. You may be required to register in order to be granted access to certain services and/or products at this web site. At the time of registration, you may be prompted by one of our online forms to provide certain personal information to us, including your name, company name, and email address ("Registration Data"). 

3\. **Registration Data**. We use Registration Data to send you information about our company and service and to keep you informed of enhancements and complementary products in which you might be interested. We also use Registration Data to tailor our web site to your particular needs. We use demographic and profile information to tailor your experience at our site, showing you the content that we think you might be interested in as well as displaying the content according to your preferences. You may choose to stop receiving future communications from us. Please see the Opt-Out and Discontinue Section below. 

4\. **Cookies**. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, although they do identify a user's computer. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies. However, you may not be able to take full advantage of our web site if you do so. We use cookies to credit your referral to a partner or affiliate who referred you to our web site. We also use cookies to collect demographic and profile data for purposes of delivering content specific to your interests. Advertisers that display ads on our site may also use cookies. Land Big Fish does not have access to the information obtained from those cookies. 

5\. **IP Addresses**. Your computer uses IP addresses every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as "traffic data" so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you. Land Big Fish will not use your IP address to attempt to identify your personal information. 

6\. **Referrers**. A Referrer is the information passed along by a web browser that references the Web URL you linked from, and is automatically collected by our web server as "traffic data". We use traffic data to credit your referral to a partner or affiliate who referred you to our web site. This information may also be used by Land Big Fish to identify broad demographic trends that may be used to provide information tailored to your interests. You will not be personally identified from this information. 

7\. **System Information**. System information we collect as part of "traffic data" includes time, the type of web browser being used, the operating system/platform, and CPU speed. Your web browser sends this information automatically when you are connected to a web site. This information is used by Land Big Fish in identifying broad demographic trends and may be used to provide information appropriate for your computer system. You will not be personally identified from this information. 

8\. **Sharing of Information**. Land Big Fish feels strongly that you should only see your personally identifying data, unless you authorize us to share it with others. Except as provided in this privacy policy, no data or information that personally identifies you will be shared with anyone. Some of your information may be shared on an aggregate basis only, as a part of a larger set of statistics (for example, statistics that indicate the percentage of our members that are female), but that information will not be sufficient to permit the recipient to identify you. Notwithstanding the forgoing, Land Big Fish will only disclose personally identifiable data without your permission in the following limited circumstances: (i) if Land Big Fish is required to do so by law, or (ii) if Land Big Fish has the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to applicable laws or comply with legal process served on Land Big Fish, or to protect and defend the rights or property of Land Big Fish or another subscriber or to enforce the Terms of Use. 

9\. **Security**. Information collected by Land Big Fish is stored in secure operating environments that are not available to the public. All of our employees and contractors are dedicated to maintaining and upholding your privacy and security and are aware of our privacy and security policies. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information within our systems, Land Big Fish cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. 

10\. **Other Web Sites and Links**. This web site contains links to other web sites, and our partners and affiliates may also have links on this web site and/or provide links to this web site. Please note that this Privacy Policy does not cover the privacy practices of those other web sites and of our partners and affiliates, and we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites, partners, or affiliates. You should be careful to review any privacy policies of such web sites, partners, or affiliates. 

11\. **Opt-Out and Discontinue**. Subscribers may elect to op-out and to discontinue receiving future communications from us through making the appropriate changes to your personal subscriber account at this web site. In addition, you may elect to avoid future communications from Land Big Fish by sending us an email at info@landbigfish.com indicating your Username and E-mail address and requesting to opt-out and discontinue future communications. Notwithstanding the forging, even if you have opted-out, under urgent circumstances, we reserve the right to send you information about the service or your account, but we will not send you unsolicited communications regarding any general information regarding this web site or commercial offers or advertisements if you have opted out or discontinued such communications. 

12\. **Contact Us**. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, the practices of Land Big Fish, or your dealings with our web site, please contact us at: Land Big Fish, Inc., 3333 Manchester Rd Unit 20, Akron, Ohio 44319. Contact: Telephone: 330-644-8211. Facsimile: 330-644-8216. 

13\. **Modifications**. Land Big Fish reserves the right to change or update this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a notice that we are changing our Privacy Policy. 
