> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the languagetoolplus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190315054358id_/https%3A//languagetoolplus.com/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LanguageTool Plus - Privacy Policy

LanguageTool Plus is a proofreading software. It works by sending the text to be checked to our servers over an encrypted connection. This policy describes what kind of data we store.

The processing of personal data on this website is carried out in accordance with the European General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the German Federal Data Protection Act, Bundesdatenschutzgesetz (BDSG 2018).

[Here's how you can contact us.](https://web.archive.org/legal/)

**Have you given us permission to use your data, e.g. by subscribing to the newsletter? You can revoke this permission at any time as described below.**

  * We don't store the text that you submit for style and grammar checking on languagetoolplus.com, with the following exceptions: 
    * If you explicitly submit feedback, for example about false alarms or undetected errors, we store that feedback.
    * In case of an internal software error (which is extremely rare), we log the sentence that caused the error so we can reproduce and fix the error.
In any case, we don't store the data with your IP address or any other meta information that would allow us to identify you. Thus it's also not possible to delete your data. 
  * If you contact us via a contact form, your data will be transferred via an encrypted connection and stored in one of our databases.
  * To improve our proofreading service, we keep a log of the following information: 
    * date and time, length of submitted text, text language, processing time on server, number of detected errors, type of detected errors (e.g. "uppercase sentence start" or "confusion of 'piece' and 'peace'"),
    * the page on which you submitted the request (e.g. languagetoolplus.com),
    * only for the browser add-on: add-on version; date of installation; random id of the text field that is being checked 
    * only transferred when you uninstall the browser add-on: the number of times you used the add-on and the URL of the page where the add-on was last used
None of this information can be used to identify you. 
  * Login: You need to sign up at this site in order to use features like the personal dictionary. When signing up, your username name email are stored in our database. If you want to modify this information or delete your account, please contact us. 
  * In our web server log files, your IP address is stored in an abbreviated form (like `192.168.xxx.xxx`) so it cannot be used to identify you. Error messages like for exceeding the query limit are stored with the full IP for up to 48 hours so we can prevent abuse.
  * For accesses from web browsers and browser add-ons, this website uses [Matomo](http://www.matomo.org/) (formerly Piwik) for web analytics. We're shortening your IP address (to a form like `192.168.xxx.xxx`) to protect your privacy. If you don't want your visit to be recorded at all by Matomo, you can opt out here:

  * A small part of this website - the pages dealing with installation and deinstallation of the browser add-on - uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google LLC ("Google"). The use includes the "Universal Analytics" operating mode. This makes it possible to assign data, sessions and interactions across multiple devices to a pseudonymous user ID and thus analyze a user's activities across devices. The part of this data protection notice that deals with Google Analytics is provided by [www.intersoft-consulting.de](https://www.intersoft-consulting.de/).

Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users interact with the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. However, if IP anonymisation is activated on this website, Google will reduce your IP address within Member States of the European Union or in other states party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area beforehand. We would like to point out that on this website Google Analytics has been extended to include IP anonymisation in order to ensure anonymous collection of IP addresses (so-called IP masking). The IP address transmitted by your browser in the context of Google Analytics is not merged with other Google data. For more information on terms of use and data protection, please visit <https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html> or <https://policies.google.com/?hl=en>.

**Purposes of the Processing**  
On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide the website operator with other services related to website and Internet use.

**Legal Basis**  
The legal basis for the use of Google Analytics is your consent in accordance with [Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f GDPR](https://gdpr-info.eu/art-6-gdpr/).

**Recipients or Categories of Recipients**  
The recipient of the collected data is Google.

**Transfer to Third Countries**  
Personal data will be transferred to the USA under the EU-US Privacy Shield on the basis of the European Commission's adequacy decision. You can download the certificate [here](https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI).

**Duration of Data Storage**  
The data sent by us and linked to cookies, user-identifiers (e.g. User-IDs) or advertising-identifiers are automatically deleted after 14 months. Data whose retention period has been reached is automatically deleted once a month.

**Rights of the Persons affected**  
You can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future by blocking the storage of cookies by setting your browser software accordingly; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functionalities of this website to their full extent.

You can also prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) and from processing this data by Google by downloading and installing the [Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en). Opt-out cookies will prevent future collection of your data when you visit this website. To prevent Universal Analytics from collecting data across different devices, you must opt-out on all systems used. If you click here, the opt-out cookie will be set: Disable Google Analytics

  * In case you order a premium subscription, your order will be processed by our reseller [fastspring](https://fastspring.com/) (Bright Market, LLC d/b/a FastSpring. 801 Garden St., Santa Barbara, CA 93101). The data at fastspring is protected under the [EU-US Privacy Shield](https://www.privacyshield.gov/), additionally fastspring has committed to follow all EU privacy laws starting 2018-05-28. Your data will be kept at fastspring after you cancel a subscription for tax reasons. See [their privacy policy](https://fastspring.com/privacy/) for details. Your credit card information - if you use a credit card to purchase the premium product - is transmitted to fastspring, we do not know your credit card data. 
  * You have the right, upon request and free of charge, to receive information about your personal data we store.
  * If you believe that the processing of your personal data is unlawful, you have the right to complain to a regulatory agency.



## Microsoft Word Add-in from appsource.microsoft.com

This is our privacy policy for users of the Microsoft Word add-in from appsource.microsoft.com:

  * The texts you check in the add-in are sent to our servers for automatic proofreading via an encrypted connection.
  * We don't store your text, with the following exceptions: 
    * In case of an internal software error (which is extremely rare), we log the sentence that caused the error so we can reproduce and fix the error.
In any case, we don't store the data with your IP address or any other meta information that would allow us to identify you. Thus it's also not possible to delete your data. 
  * To improve our proofreading service, we keep a log of the following information: 
    * date and time, length of submitted text, text language, processing time on server, number of detected errors, type of detected errors (e.g. "uppercase sentence start" or "confusion of 'piece' and 'peace'"), version of MS-Word and your operating system
None of this information can be used to identify you. 
  * If you are a user of our premium plans, we also store this information for your proofreading requests, so we can provide better support in case of software issues: 
    * your email address
  * See above for privacy information about registering on this website and for ways to contact us.


