> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lansweeper.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121003013227id_/http%3A//lansweeper.com/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Lansweeper Privacy Policy

This privacy policy covers the collection and use of personal information by Hemoco bvba, developer of the Lansweeper inventory management software. Personal information may be collected when you purchase a Lansweeper license, contact a technical support or sales associate or sign up for our newsletter. Please note that only Hemoco bvba and our e-commerce provider Cleverbridge have access to this data. Lansweeper is advertisement free and hence Hemoco bvba as a company is not beholden to anyone. Your personal information is not shared with third parties under any circumstance. Your privacy is important to us and will be respected at all times. The only exception to this policy is if Hemoco bvba is required by law to disclose your personal information.

We collect your personal information when you interact with our support team because it assists us in delivering a high level of customer service. For example, your personal information helps us to keep you informed on our latest product updates and announcements, as well as special offers that may be extended from time to time. When you provide Hemoco bvba with your name, email address, mailing address or telephone number, and you do not "opt-out", we may contact you from time to time to alert you to product updates, special offers, technical support notices, new products and other Lansweeper information. These messages are deemed essential to the functionality of your Lansweeper product. However, if you do not want Lansweeper representatives to contact you, you may "opt-out" at any time by sending a message to Lansweeper customer service at lansweeper@hemoco.com or support@lansweeper.com 
