> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the megabrands.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231145353id_/http%3A//www.megabrands.com/en/site/privacypolicy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MEGA Brands | Company | Privacy Policy

Protecting those most vulnerable. Just how important is children’s privacy to us? Plenty. In fact, we at MEGA Brands are committed to protecting the youngest and most impressionable members of our audience. This issue is vital to our mission of encouraging safe and healthy learning. That is why we follow the guidelines established by the Children's Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of the U.S. Council of Better Business Bureaus. By promoting a trustful and secure environment, we can offer our youngest visitors a safe and enjoyable online experience. It's just the right thing to do. Please review the information below to familiarize yourself with our policies on website privacy, so that you can take full advantage of all the fun activities available at our sites for you and your family. Please remember that this site and the servers that make this site available are located in Canada. By using this site you agree to the transfer, collection, processing and use of data by this site as described in this Privacy Policy.

MEGA Brands Privacy Policy Our policy is to fully comply with applicable U.S. and Canadian privacy laws, including the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), and the privacy guidelines of the Children's Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of the U.S. Council of Better Business Bureaus. You can help by spending time online with your children and monitoring your children's online use. Please help us protect your child's privacy by instructing them never to provide personal information on this site or any other without your permission. If you are under the age of majority in the state/province where you live, please be sure to read this policy with your parents or legal guardians and ask questions about things you do not understand. If you are under 13 you should get your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission before giving out your e-mail address or any personal information to us or to anyone else on the Internet. Even if you are over the age of 13, you should still get your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission before giving out any sensitive personal information (for example, date of birth, age, financial information, personal interests).

The following policy explains in question and answer format the specific steps we take to ensure that there is a safe online environment for the children who visit our site and to give peace of mind to the parents, teachers and caregivers of those children. To learn specifically about our online information practices concerning children who are younger than 13, please scroll down to the section entitled "What information does MEGA collect from children under the age of 13?” Note that our Privacy Policy applies only to the web sites operated by the MEGA Family and not to other websites operated by other companies or organizations to which we may link, as we do not control the activities of those sites. This policy also explains how we handle any personal information we collect offline. 

Who owns this website? How do I contact MEGA Brands regarding privacy? This website is owned by MEGA Brands Inc. (“MEGA Brands”) and is operated by MEGA Brands Inc. and/or its affiliated companies (MEGA Brands Inc. and its affiliated companies are collectively referred to as the “MEGA Family”). The companies in the MEGA Family are the owners of the MEGA Bloks®, ROSE ART® and MAGNEXT® trademarks and manufacturers of the MEGA Brands toys, activity and stationery items. The MEGA Family includes MEGA Brands America, Inc., MEGA Brands International and MEGA Brands Europe NV. If you have any questions concerning our privacy policies and use of children’s information or other visitor information, please write us at Privacy Officer, MEGA Brands Inc. at 4505 Hickmore, Montreal (QC) Canada, H4T 1K4, e-mail us at privacy@megabrands.com, or call us at 1-800-465-MEGA (6342).

Does MEGA Brands collect any personal information about me if I’m 13 or older? All of the Web sites operated by the MEGA Family may collect information from you - personal as well as non-personal - for internal use within the different businesses of the MEGA Family. Any information collected may be shared among companies that are part of the MEGA family. For the passive display of our products and a description of their features, we do not request personal information of any kind. For interactive online activities, we may request the following information: a user's given name or pseudonym, age, gender and country of residence. If online communication from the company is requested, we will need your e-mail address. We do not request that a child submit information that would allow him or her to be identified offline. In some instances, we may also need to disclose personal information about you to companies that we hire so that we may provide you with the best possible service - for example this might be a company that we have employed to fill product orders or coordinate mailings, contests or promotions or a reputable research company hired by us to conduct a survey of our consumers. However, such companies will be under an obligation to keep your personal information confidential and not to use such information for any other purpose than those needed to perform their functions Finally, we may disclose personal information collected from you as required by law, for example in response to a court order or subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a specific request from a law enforcement agency.

What personal information do you collect from children under the age of 13? We do not collect personal information online or otherwise from children under 13 without consent of a parent or legal guardian except in special, limited circumstances described in this policy. If your child is under 13 and wants to use our sites to sign up for special services, like newsletters, or to access online communities, we might ask your child to “register”. They can often do so anonymously by just providing a user name and password, but sometimes we need their e-mail address, as described below. When he or she registers, we will ask for your child’s age and their state/province of residence, and will ask your child to create a "screen name" (not their real name) that only they know. We will also ask your child to make up a special password so that only they can see their customized areas on the site. When a child’s age indicates that he or she is younger than the age of 13, we take special precautions to protect his or her privacy. Specifically, when a child under the age of 13 signs up to receive updates or newsletters or other services that would require ongoing communications, we will collect that child’s e-mail address and also request the e-mail address of the child’s parent or legal guardian. We do not ask for the child’s last name or other contact information. Before communicating directly with the child, we will notify the parent or guardian by e-mail that we have collected the child’s online contact information, explain how we intend to use that information and explain how the parent or guardian can refuse to permit further contact with their child and direct us to delete their child’s information. We will promptly comply with such instructions. As permitted by law, if a parent or guardian does not respond to our e-mail notice, we will only use the e-mail address of a child \- 3 - under 13 to provide the services and communications that the child has specifically requested – for example, to provide access to MEGA online communities or to receive newsletters. As permitted by COPPA, we reserve the right to collect the e-mail address of a child under the age of 13 for the sole purpose of responding directly on a one-time basis to a specific request from the child without providing the parental email notice described above. In these circumstances, we will not use the child’s e-mail address to re-contact the child and we will delete the child’s e-mail address from our records after responding to his or her request. As permitted by law, we also reserve the right to collect a child’s name and online contact information when we deem it necessary for the sole purpose of protecting a child’s safety, protecting the security or integrity of our websites or online services, taking precautions against liability, or responding to judicial process or a request from a law enforcement or public safety agency.

We monitor and screen all messages before they are displayed to other users of MEGA online communities in an effort to prevent children from disclosing any personal information about themselves to other users. We also monitor the screen names selected by children under the age of 13 in an effort to prevent them from inadvertently disclosing their real names or other personal information in the names that they choose. If any personal information is contained in any post or screen name, we will not post or delete such posts and will request the child to select a different user name.

We cannot and will not condition a child’s participation in a game, prize offer, or any other activity on our websites on the child’s disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in such activity.

Children under 13 years of age may be permitted to participate in contests and sweepstakes sponsored by MEGA Brands. When your child enters a contest, we will request your child to give us the e-mail address for a parent or legal guardian. The only other information we ordinarily collect directly from a child will be his or her e-mail address, first name and/or screen name, province or state of residence and age. If we need more than an e-mail address and first name (or screen name) to enter your child in the contest, we will notify you, explain what information we need and why, and generally ask that you (not your child) provide it. For example, we might ask you for your mailing address so that we can send to you, for your child, any prizes your child wins, or for your telephone number so that we can tell you when your child has won or to administer any skill testing requirement if required by law as a condition to awarding a prize. Any information you or your child give us in the above special circumstances will be deleted from our database once the promotion, program or activity is concluded, and after any legally required period for keeping such information is complete.

How does MEGA Brands use the personal information we collect? We use the personal information we collect for the purposes indicated at the time that you or your child provides such information or prior to use. For example, if you register in a contest, we will use the registration information to notify contest winners. Occasionally, and only with consent at the time we ask for information, we might also e-mail you or your child to provide information on upcoming MEGA Brands products, website updates and promotional offers from us and/or our affiliates (namely, MEGA Brands America, Inc., MEGA Brands International and MEGA Brands Europe NV), including by means of direct marketing. We may also disclose your name and e-mail address to these affiliates so that they can send you promotional materials directly. If you want to stop receiving such updates and product information at any time, just follow the unsubscribe instructions included in each e-mail message you receive or contact us as described above. [](https://web.archive.org/web/20111231145353id_/http%3A//www.megabrands.com/en/media/pdf/parental_consent_form.pdf). 

Will MEGA share information it collects from me or my children with others? Except as specifically described in this policy, we will not sell, license, trade, rent or otherwise disclose personal information collected from our website visitors or customers to any company outside the MEGA Family. All of the websites operated by the MEGA Family may collect information from their visitors – personal as well as non-personal – for internal use within the different businesses of the MEGA Family and for the purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. Any information we collect may be shared among companies that are part of the MEGA Family.

In some instances, we may also need to transfer personal information about our customers to companies that we hire so that we may provide our customers with the best possible service - for example this might be a company that we have employed to fill product orders or coordinate mailings, contests or promotions or a reputable research company hired by us to conduct a survey of our consumers. However, such companies will be under an obligation to keep confidential any personal information they receive about our customers and to comply with the general privacy principles described in this Privacy Policy, and not to use such information for any purpose other than to perform the services we request. 

As permitted by law, we may also occasionally disclose personal information about our customers when disclosure is necessary to comply with law (for example, in response to a subpoena or court order), to comply with a specific request from a law enforcement agency, to enforce our Legal Notice, or to protect the rights, property or life, health or safety of visitors to our sites, our customers, the public, MEGA Brands or another company in the MEGA Family. 

Over time, we may buy or sell various assets or another company may acquire substantially all of the assets of MEGA Brands or of another company in the MEGA Family (or of one of our operating divisions). MEGA Brands reserves the right to disclose and/or transfer personal information to a third party in the event of a proposed or actual purchase, sale (including a liquidation, realization, foreclosure or repossession), lease, merger, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal, transfer, conveyance or financing of all or any portion of MEGA Brands or of another company in the MEGA Family, or of any of the business or assets or shares of MEGA Brands or of another company in the MEGA Family or a division thereof in order for you to continue to receive the same products and services from the third party. 

What options do I have in response to a request for personal information? You can supply the information or you can refuse to supply the information. You can also request the correction or deletion of personal information you have previously supplied to us by contacting us by regular mail to the attention of “Privacy Officer” at 4505 Hickmore, Montreal (QC) Canada, H4T 1K4, e-mail us at privacy@megabrands.com, or call us at 1-800-465-MEGA (6342).

You may also withdraw consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice by contacting us as described above. We will inform you of the implications of withdrawing consent.

Do you collect IP addresses? Yes. When you access a page on our website, our servers log your Internet Protocol (IP) address for the purpose of analyzing trends, geographical location, administering our websites, tracking traffic patterns and gathering demographic information for aggregate use. Our servers also record your type of browser (e.g. Netscape or Internet Explorer) and your operating system (e.g. Macintosh or Windows). The MEGA Family may use IP addresses.

Do you use “cookies”? Yes, in order to make your browsing easier we place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser directory of your computer’s hard drive. A cookie is a small piece of information that a web site can store on your web browser and later retrieve. The cookie cannot be read by any web site other than the one that set up the cookies. We use cookies to remember your password (for sections that require a password) and to increase your security and that of your child. Cookies do not contain personal information about the individual who is browsing our site. We do not use any information generated by cookies to conduct direct marketing or promotion of any kind. Some browsers can be set to reject all cookies. If you choose to modify your browser in this manner, some pages of this web site may not function properly.

How does MEGA Brands store and protect the personal information it collects? MEGA Brands retains your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws, and your consent to such purposes(s) remains valid after termination of our relationship with you.

For the purposes set out in this privacy statement, we or one of our affiliates or an unaffiliated service provider may process and store your personal information outside of the state/province in which you reside and/or outside of your country of residence, and under the laws of those other jurisdictions, in certain circumstances courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other foreign jurisdictions may be entitled to access your personal information.

MEGA Brands makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the personal information collected is protected against loss, theft and unauthorized access. This protection applies in relation to information stored in both electronic and hard copy form. Access to your personal information is restricted to selected employees or representatives. In addition, MEGA Brands employs generally accepted information security techniques, such as firewalls, access control procedures and cryptography, to protect personal information against loss and unauthorized access.

What if this Privacy Policy changes? The web continues to evolve. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy in the future, we will post the changes here and update the reference to the effective date to reflect the date of the revision. Your use of this site after any such changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of the changes.
