> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the megabon.eu privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150615041004id_/http%3A//www.megabon.eu/en/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Lowest Prices For Hotel Packages In The World, Megabon

#### 1\. General

Moderna Ventures SA, Via Ferruccio Pelli 13, 6900 Lugano, Switzerland (hereinafter: Seller), a company that is operating MEGABONTM / KAHANI™ / VILIANA™ websites, including all its components and (sub) pages and sections which are available on [http://www.megabon.com](http://www.megabon.com/) / [http://www.kahani.eu](http://www.kahani.eu/) / [http://www.viliana.eu](http://www.viliana.eu/) (hereinafter: website), is committed to protecting Registered Users' personal data and respecting their privacy. This Privacy Policy sets out the type of personal data that Seller collects and defines the purpose and the rights that Registered Users have in relation to this information. This Privacy Policy applies to all persons who are considered a Registered User of the website. This Privacy Policy is based on the Swiss federal act on Data Protection. In this Privacy Policy, the terms "Registered User and "Seller" have the same meaning as in the General Terms and Conditions for Sales of Vouchers. The personal data and contact information of the Registered User of the website will not be disclosed to any third party unless required by law or unless the Registered User grants its consent. Registered Users may easily and quickly stop receiving notices by following the procedure provided in the received notice or send the cancellation request to the following email address info@megabon.com / info@kahani.eu / info@viliana.eu. Seller respects the privacy of all Registered Users and will take all reasonable precautions to ensure that all the personal data that the Registered Users have submitted via website remains confidential. Any internet activities of Seller are in accordance with the applicable European legislation and legislation of Swiss Confederation. Seller processes the personal data as “controller of the data file” under Swiss Federal Act on Data Protection (DPA). Collection and Processing of Personal Data Anyone can visit the website without disclosing any personal data to Seller. However, in order to be able to use the website to its fullest potential, all users have to register (thus becoming Registered Users). Upon registration users are requested to provide necessary personal data: - Name; - Surname - E-mail address; - Place of interest - Password (hidden filed) - Year of Birth. In its own discretion, Registered Users may, through My profile > My settings section of the website, provide additional personal data to the Seller: - Name; - Surname; - Telephone Number; - Street and house number; - Zip Code; - City; - Date of Birth; - Gender - Country of residence. Based on Registered User’s purchase of Seller's products, the Seller also collects the following personal data: - type, date and value (price) of the purchased product; - date of activation of the purchased product; - phone number; - User ID; - Coupon ID. Seller has the right to process the collected personal data for a period necessary for the fulfillment of the respective purpose of the processing, until it receives the request for complete removal of data from the system, and to act according to the mandatory archiving under the applicable legislation. Purpose for Data Processing Seller processes personal data for the following purposes: - carrying out the necessary acts related to sale and purchase transactions or the performance of any other contract between Seller and the Registered User, including verifying the payment and the shipping of the Registered User’s order; - registration of the Registered User and granting him/her certain rights and access to certain sections of the website; - keeping records of registered Registered Users of the website; - statistical, marketing and other analyses and researches related to Registered Users; - sending Seller's instructions and notices; transmission and forwarding of data and information, collected in accordance with this Privacy Policy, to third companies, associations or other third parties, who are partners or connected or related with the website or with the Seller (hereinafter: related companies) and to Seller's authorized distributors, retailers and dealers who will use the collected data and information in accordance with the purposes defined in this Article; - sending advertising or non-advertising direct mail, e-mail and other postal messages and notifications about the website, Seller's and other products (existing and new) and services, special offers, promotions and new items, daily, weekly and monthly actions; - sending advertising or non-advertising direct mail, e-mail messages and other postal messages and notifications, containing e-newspaper, e-books, newsletters, articles, catalogues, and other promotional materials; - sending advertising or non-advertising direct mail, e-mail and other postal messages and notifications for or from related parties and processors. providing Registered User care services (requesting the Registered User’s opinion of products and services, conducting product surveys, facilitating and processing Registered User’s searches and requests for information about Seller and its products and services and informing the Registered User of prize draws, contests and promotional activities).Seller shall store the personal data for one year after the Registered User's status has expired. After the storage period Seller shall efficiently delete, block or anonymize the personal data. If a user has not completed the registration procedure, their personal data shall be stored for three months after the attempted registration. Use and Disclosure of Personal Data to Third Parties Seller uses the disclosed personal data for the purposes outlined above. Seller’s employees and authorized contractors are obliged to respect the confidentiality of the information provided by the Registered Users. Registered User confirms that personal data he/she has provided to the Seller are his/her personal data. Failing to do so may result in user being denied access to website and the data he/she has provided being deleted permanently. Registered User agrees that personal data may also be disclosed to third parties in cases, where Seller reasonably considers it necessary in order to prevent fraud, comply with mandatory obligations, to enforce or defend the legal rights of Seller or any Seller related companies, or in connection with the corporate activities such as a merger, acquisition, sales or purchase of business assets and others. 

#### 2\. Disclosure of Personal Data to Processors

Registered User agrees that personal data may be disclosed to other persons and entities (parties) to enable the performance of contracts which the Registered User itself is a party to and to ensure that the Registered Users benefit fully from any relevant special offers, promotions and other services of Seller. Seller uses services of other persons to perform functions on its behalf, such as fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and emails, sending text messages (SMS), providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, providing fraud checking services and providing Registered User services. Such persons will have access to personal data needed to perform these functions, but may not use personal data for any other purpose or for their own business purposes. Seller requires these third parties to comply strictly with its instructions and to process the data in accordance with applicable legislation. 

#### 3\. Rights of the Registered User

The granting of the consent for the personal data processing by Registered User is voluntary and the Registered User has the right to withdraw such consent. The rights of the Registered Users with respect to the processing of their personal data include also the right to ask for the update of the data or deletion of the data from the Seller’s information system and the right to a transcript of the personal data that are subject to the processing by Seller. Please note that it may take up to 30 days for Seller to action such request of the Registered User. Registered User who no longer wishes to receive Seller’s emails with promotion notifications may send a cancellation request to Seller to the email address info@megabon.com / info@kahani.eu / info@viliana.eu. Registered User who wishes for his personal data to be completely removed from Seller’s systems may send deletion request to the email address info@megabon.com / info@kahani.eu / info@viliana.eu Please note, however, that Seller can require certain key information from the Registered User in order to provide the Registered User with the services and if the Registered User asks the Seller to delete all or part of such information the Registered User may no longer be able to use or access whole or parts of the website. The Registered Users are welcome to update any personal data Seller have or request any information regarding Seller‘s privacy policy or terms and conditions by writing to the email address info@megabon.com / info@kahani.eu / info@viliana.eu. Personal data may also be updated by the Registered Use using the My profile > My settings section of the website. 

#### 4\. Minors

Seller strongly advises all parents and guardians to teach their children safe and responsible handling of personal data on the Internet. Persons under age of 18 should not transmit their personal information to Seller through the website without the permission of their parents or guardians. Seller will never intentionally collect any personal information from anyone under 18 years or use it in any way or disclose it to third parties without permission. In connection with the foregoing, Seller assumes that the Registered Users of its websites are 18 years old or older. 

#### 5\. Cookies, Web Beacons and Automatically Recorded Information (Non-personal Data)

Cookies are small files that are temporarily stored on user's terminal equipment (e.g. hard disk), enabling the website to recognize the user’s computer or other device on the following visits. Seller uses cookies exclusively to gather information concerning the use of the website. The data provided by cookies are anonymous and are not related to any specific user and do not constitute personal data. Web beacons, also known as single pixel or clear gif technology, or action tags, may be used on the website. Web beacon technology allows Seller to know which user clicked on key elements (such as links or graphics) on the website or in a Seller’s email. The data provided by web beacons are anonymous, are not related to an identifiable person and do therefore not constitute personal data. The user may opt to turn off cookies/web beacons using browser settings to disable cookies and web beacons any time. When you access the website, some non-personal information (type of internet browser used, number of visits, average time spent on website, websites viewed) is recorded automatically. This information is used as a feedback to improve the website appeal, content and functionality. 

#### 6\. Security

Seller intends to protect and administer the personal data of all Registered Users of the website in line with the applicable legislation. Seller has taken all appropriate technical, organizational and personal measures in order to keep the maintained personal data of its Registered Users secure and protected from accidental or unlawful destruction and accidental loss, unlawful handling, unauthorized disclosure or access, and against all other unlawful forms of processing. Your data is not going to be sold to third parties.

#### 7\. Links to Other Web Sites

Some sections of the website may contain links to other providers/other entities within or outside of Seller. When the Registered Users leave the website, they are advised to follow carefully and read the principles for the personal data protection for each individual website that collects personal data. Seller does not control all the information contained within these links and the principles for the personal data protection applicable to the other sites and is not responsible for any content, goods or services they offer. The use of these linked web sites is subject to conditions and agreements applicable to such linked websites. Seller does not accept any responsibility or liability for the privacy practices of such third party websites and the use of such websites is at the Registered User’s own risk. 

#### 8\. Exclusion of Liability

The Registered User must properly ensure the security and confidentiality of the data disclosed to the Seller when using the website. The Seller reasonably assumes personal data has been disclosed by the Registered User to whom the data apply or other authorized person. If the Registered User suspects that the personal data is being used by a third unauthorised party or that the data has been disclosed without authorisation, he/she must immediately inform the Seller thereof. The Seller shall in no event be held liable for damage that may arise due to unauthorised disclosure of personal data to Seller. 

#### 9\. Notification of Changes

This Privacy Policy may be updated, revised or supplemented at any time, without prior warning or notice to the Registered User. By virtue of using the Seller’s website or ordering products from the Seller, following the changes of the Privacy Policy, the Registered User agrees in full extent with the changes. This Privacy Policy enters into force on 25 September 2012. 
