> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the megabloks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150609015158id_/http%3A//www.megabrands.com/en/site/privacypolicy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Mega Brands

Effective Date: November 1, 2010

Last updated: July 11, 2014

 **Welcome!**

 **This Privacy & Cookies Policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how MEGA Brands Inc. (“MEGA Brands”) and its affiliated companies (MEGA Brands Inc. and its affiliated companies are collectively referred to as the “MEGA Family”) collect, use and disclose your personal information. This Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites, mobile applications and other online products and services where this Policy is posted (collectively, the “Services”).** This policy also explains how we handle any personal information we collect offline. To learn specifically about our online information practices concerning children who are younger than 13, please scroll down to the section entitled "What information does MEGA collect from children under the age of 13?” 

Please review the information below to familiarize yourself with our policies on website privacy, so that you can take full advantage of all of the Services. Please remember that this site and the servers that make this site available are located in Canada. By using this site you agree to the transfer, collection, processing and use of data by this site as described in this Privacy Policy.

If you are under the age of majority in the state/province where you live, please be sure to read this policy with your parents or legal guardians and ask questions about things you do not understand. If you are under 13 you should get your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission before giving out your e-mail address or any personal information to us or to anyone else on the Internet. Even if you are over the age of 13, you should still get your parent’s or legal guardian’s permission before giving out any sensitive personal information (for example, date of birth, age, financial information, personal interests).

Our policy is to fully comply with applicable U.S. and Canadian privacy laws, including the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA), and the privacy guidelines of the Children's Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of the U.S. Council of Better Business Bureaus. 

Note that our Privacy Policy applies only to the websites operated by the MEGA Family and not to other websites operated by other companies or organizations to which we may link, as we do not control the activities of those sites. Please note that the privacy and data collection practices of such third parties may differ from ours and such third parties may serve content and advertisements, collect information directly from visitors and place or recognize their own cookies on visitors’ browsers.  As such, we strongly encourage you to carefully review the privacy policy and terms of use of any website, online service or app that you visit, as MEGA Brands is not responsible for the actions of these third parties. 

## Who owns this website? How do I contact MEGA Brands regarding privacy?

This website is owned by MEGA Brands and is operated by MEGA Brands and/or members of the MEGA Family. The companies in the MEGA Family are the owners of the Mega Bloks®, ROSE ART® and MAGNEXT® trademarks and manufacturers of the MEGA Brands toys, activity and stationery items. The MEGA Family includes MEGA Brands America, Inc., MEGA Brands International and MEGA Brands Europe NV. If you have any questions concerning our privacy policies and use of children’s information or other user information, please write us at Privacy Officer, MEGA Brands Inc. at 4505 Hickmore, Montreal (QC) Canada, H4T 1K4, e-mail us at [privacy@megabrands.com](mailto:privacy@megabrands.com), or call us at 1-800-465-MEGA (6342). 

## Does MEGA Brands collect any personal information about me if I’m 13 or older? 

MEGA Brands doesn't require anyone to share any personal information about themselves in order to enjoy the Services. That means you can visit our sites and access most of the content and features we offer without any need to register with us. However, most of our sites contain special sections and privileges for members that register. We do not collect any personal information from you online or otherwise that you do not voluntarily provide, for instance when registering for newsletters, contests, sweepstakes, product updates, community areas, downloads, free demos or completing our online customer surveys. The personal information we request is usually limited to first and last name, mailing address, age, phone number and/or an e-mail address. 

## What personal information do you collect from children under the age of 13?

Just how important is children’s privacy to us? Plenty. In fact, we at MEGA Brands are committed to protecting the youngest and most impressionable members of our audience. This issue is vital to our mission of encouraging safe and healthy learning. That is why we follow the guidelines established by the Children's Advertising Review Unit (CARU) of the U.S. Council of Better Business Bureaus. By promoting a trustful and secure environment, we can offer our youngest visitors a safe and enjoyable online experience. It's just the right thing to do. 

You can help by spending time online with your children and monitoring your children's online use. Please help us protect your child's privacy by instructing them never to provide personal information on this site or any other without your permission. 

We do not collect personal information online or otherwise from children under 13 without consent of a parent or legal guardian except in special, limited circumstances described in this policy. Further, the Services do not enable children under 13 to make personal information publicly available.

When a child’s age indicates that he or she is younger than the age of 13, we take special precautions to protect his or her privacy. Specifically, if your child is under 13 and wants to use the Services to sign up for special features available only to registered members, including newsletters and/or access to online communities, he or she will be asked to provide us with your e-mail address so we can contact you and ask you to set up a Mega Bloks family account. 

Through your family account, your child under 13 will be able to participate in our online community and safely interact with other Mega Bloks fans in a monitored environment. In addition, through your family account, your child under 13 will also be able to access online games, contests and sweepstakes sponsored by MEGA Brands, add toys to a wish list, and more. 

Only you, and not your child under 13, will be able to edit your child under 13’s profile or change his or her account settings. You will also be able to revoke your child under 13’s access to use any Services requiring registration at any time.

We monitor and screen all messages originating from children under the age of 13 before they are displayed to other users of MEGA online communities so as to prevent children from disclosing any personal information about themselves to other users.

Children under 13 years of age may be permitted to participate in contests and sweepstakes sponsored by MEGA Brands. When your child enters a contest or sweepstakes, we will request your child to give us only his or her first name and/or screen name, province or state of residence and age. If we need more than this to enter your child in the contest, we will contact you at the e-mail address that you provide when you create your family account to notify you of this fact, explain what information we need and why, and ask that you (not your child) provide it. For example, we might ask you for your mailing address so that we can send to you, for your child, any prizes your child wins, or for your telephone number so that we can tell you when your child has won or to administer any skill testing requirement if required by law as a condition to awarding a prize. Any information you give us in the above special circumstances will be deleted from our database once the promotion, program or activity is concluded, and after any legally required period for keeping such information is complete. As permitted by COPPA, we reserve the right to collect the e-mail address of a child under the age of 13 for the sole purpose of responding directly on a one-time basis to a specific request from the child without providing the parental email notice described above. In these circumstances, we will not use the child’s e-mail address to re-contact the child and we will delete the child’s e-mail address from our records after responding to his or her request. As permitted by law, we also reserve the right to collect a child’s name and online contact information when we deem it necessary for the sole purpose of protecting a child’s safety, protecting the security or integrity of our websites or online services, taking precautions against liability, or responding to judicial process or a request from a law enforcement or public safety agency. 

## How does MEGA Brands use the personal information we collect?

We use the personal information we collect for the purposes indicated at the time that you provide such information or prior to use. For example, if you register in a contest, we will use the registration information to enter you in the contest and to notify you should you win the contest. Provided we have sought your consent to do so at the time we ask for information, we may also use the personal information you have provided to e-mail you or your child to regarding upcoming MEGA Brands products, website updates and promotional offers from us and/or our affiliates (namely, MEGA Brands America, Inc., MEGA Brands International and MEGA Brands Europe NV), including by means of direct marketing. We may also disclose your name and e-mail address to these affiliates so that they can send you promotional materials directly. If you want to stop receiving such updates and product information at any time, just follow the unsubscribe instructions included in each e-mail message you receive or contact us as described above. 

## Will MEGA share information it collects from me with others?

Except as specifically described in this policy, we will not sell, license, trade, rent or otherwise disclose personal information collected via the Services or from our customers to any company outside the MEGA Family. All of the Services operated by the MEGA Family may collect information from their visitors – personal as well as non-personal – for internal use within the different businesses of the MEGA Family and for the purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. Any information we collect may be shared among companies that are part of the MEGA Family. 

In some instances, we may also need to transfer personal information about those using our Services or our customers to companies that we hire so that we may provide same with the best possible service - for example this might be a company that we have employed to fill product orders or coordinate mailings, contests or promotions or a reputable research company hired by us to conduct a survey of those using our Services or our customers. However, such companies will be under an obligation to keep confidential any personal information they receive about those using our Services or our customers and to comply with the general privacy principles described in this Privacy Policy, and not to use such information for any purpose other than to perform the services we request. 

As permitted by law, we may also occasionally disclose personal information about those using our Services or our customers when disclosure is necessary to comply with law (for example, in response to a subpoena or court order), to comply with a specific request from a law enforcement agency, to enforce our Legal Notice, or to protect the rights, property or life, health or safety of visitors to our sites, our customers, the public, MEGA Brands or another company in the MEGA Family. 

Over time, we may buy or sell various assets or another company may acquire substantially all of the assets of MEGA Brands or of another company in the MEGA Family (or of one of our operating divisions). MEGA Brands reserves the right to disclose and/or transfer personal information to a third party in the event of a proposed or actual purchase, sale (including a liquidation, realization, foreclosure or repossession), lease, merger, amalgamation or any other type of acquisition, disposal, transfer, conveyance or financing of all or any portion of MEGA Brands or of another company in the MEGA Family, or of any of the business or assets or shares of MEGA Brands or of another company in the MEGA Family or a division thereof in order for you to continue to receive the same products and services from the third party. 

## What options do I have in response to a request for personal information?

You can supply the information or you can refuse to supply the information. You can also request the correction or deletion of personal information you have previously supplied to us by contacting us by regular mail to the attention of “Privacy Officer” at 4505 Hickmore, Montreal (QC) Canada, H4T 1K4, e-mail us at [privacy@megabrands.com](mailto:privacy@megabrands.com), or call us at 1-800-465-MEGA (6342).

You may also withdraw consent at any time, subject to legal or contractual restrictions and reasonable notice by contacting us as described above. We will inform you of the implications of withdrawing consent.

## What information do you collect automatically?

When you access or use any of our Services, we may automatically collect information from you.  For example, when you visit our websites, we collect information about your computer’s operating system,  Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, browser type and language and the URL of the website you visited before navigating to our Services, all with a view to analyzing trends, geographical location, administering our websites, tracking traffic patterns and gathering demographic information for aggregate use. If you access our Services using a mobile device, we may also collect your device make and model, mobile carrier, mobile web browser type and version, the country in which you are using your device, and analytics used to collect aggregate data on app usage, downloads, number of users, sessions, frequency of use, retention and territories. 

## Do you use “cookies” or similar technology?

Yes, in order to collect the information referred to in the paragraph above, make your browsing easier and improve our site we place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser directory of your computer’s hard drive. A cookie is a small piece of information that a website can store on your web browser and later retrieve. A number of cookies we use last only for the duration of your session on our site and expire when you close your browser. Other cookies are used to remember you when you return to the site and last for longer. Cookies cannot be read by any website other than the one that set up the cookies and our cookies do not contain personal information about the individual who is browsing our site. 

We use cookies to:

\- remember your password (for sections that require a password) and to increase your security and that of your child. By recognizing you as a logged-in user, we can also manage your session by making sure you can move more easily from one page to another.

\- to understand how people hear about our site and how visitors use our site after arriving We do not use any information generated by cookies to conduct direct marketing or promotion of any kind on our sites. 

In addition to cookies, we may use Clear Gifs and Log Files. Clear Gifs are small image files that may be placed on our sites or within our newsletters so that we can understand which parts of the site are visited or whether particular content is of interest.  Log files record website activity on our Services and enable us to gather statistics about our users’ browsing habits.  These entries help us to determine, among other things, how many and how often users have accessed or used our Services, which pages of our Services they have visited and other similar data.

Some browsers can be set to reject all cookies. If you choose to modify your browser in this manner, some pages of this web site may not function properly. You can learn more about cookies by visiting [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ "All About Cookies") which includes other useful information about 

## What information does MEGA Brands collect information from third parties? How is this information used?

We may obtain information from other sources and combine it with information we collect through our Services. In this regard, we use analytics services and software provided by third parties to help us understand how users access and use the Services. These tools and services place cookies, web beacons and other devices or technologies on our Services to enable them to track traffic data. The data collected typically includes information such as your IP address, your Internet service provider, your web browser, the time spent on webpages and the links clicked. We use this information to improve our Services and your experience, to see which areas and features of our Services are popular and to count visits.

## What information am I disclosing and to whom when I use third party social sharing features through the Services? 

The Services may offer third party social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Like” button or widgets), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa.  MEGA Brands does not permit the use of such features or tools for any of its Services directed to children under 13 or where we have actual knowledge that a child is under 13.  The use of such features may enable the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides these features. These features may also collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on the Services and may set a cookie to enable the features to function properly. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the third parties that provide these features.

## How does MEGA Brands store and protect the personal information it collects?

MEGA Brands retains your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purpose(s) for which it was collected and to comply with applicable laws, and your consent to such purposes(s) remains valid after termination of our relationship with you.

For the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, we or one of our affiliates or an unaffiliated service provider may process and store your personal information outside of the state/province in which you reside and/or outside of your country of residence, and under the laws of those other jurisdictions, in certain circumstances courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other foreign jurisdictions may be entitled to access your personal information.

MEGA Brands makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that the personal information collected is protected against loss, theft and unauthorized access. This protection applies in relation to information stored in both electronic and hard copy form. Access to your personal information is restricted to selected employees or representatives. In addition, MEGA Brands employs generally accepted information security techniques, such as firewalls, access control procedures and cryptography, to protect personal information against loss and unauthorized access. 

## What if this Privacy Policy changes?

The web continues to evolve. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy in the future, we will post the changes here and update the reference to the effective date to reflect the date of the revision. Your use of this site after any such changes are posted constitutes your acceptance of the changes. 
