> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the maaco.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180817140852id_/https%3A//www.maaco.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Maaco.com

Please carefully read this Privacy Policy applicable to MAACO’s web site.

By using this website, you agree to be bound by this online privacy policy. If you do not agree to this online privacy policy, do not use the website or submit personal information to us in any manner.

Collection and Use of Personal Information

This privacy policy describes how MAACO collects, uses and discloses the information transmitted or submitted to MAACO, whether provided at a MAACO dealership or via a website, email, phone, fax, text or SMS message, postal mail or any other written or oral communication with us; provided, that, this privacy policy does not apply to personal information collected from websites that do not link to this privacy policy or from third-party websites to which this website may link.

MAACO and its parents, subsidiaries, franchisees and affiliates, and their respective shareholders, directors, officers, employees, agents, successors and assigns (collectively, “MAACO”) is very sensitive to and respects the privacy of visitors to the MAACO website and will use our best efforts to protect the privacy of such on-line visitors. The MAACO server automatically recognizes and gathers the domain name, but not the email address (where possible) of visitors to our website. MAACO also gathers any information that you volunteer to our website or that you volunteer at our franchised or company owned locations, such as survey information and/or site registrations or email addresses, personal addresses, and names (collectively, "Personal Information"). This Personal Information may be shared by MAACO with its affiliates (including, but not limited to, Meineke Car Care Centers, LLC, 1-800 Radiator & A/C and Drive N Style vehicle appearance and enhancement services) and their respective franchisees, and with vendors that help access and manage the information, but in all instances the information will be used only for the purposes enunciated in this privacy policy. Such purposes include (1) to help MAACO better understand visitors' use of the website; (2) to respond to specific requests from visitors; (3) to provide notices to visitors, such as marketing information, discount coupons and new product offerings; and (4) to protect the security or integrity of the site.

In addition, certain Personal Information may be submitted via online forms on the MAACO website necessary to provide services offered by the site. After you have entered Personal Information into a form or data field on the website, MAACO may use certain identifying technologies to allow that web site to "remember" your personal preferences, such as sections of the website that you use frequently. MAACO may also use this Personal Information for other business purposes, such as to offer you the opportunity to receive notices regarding MAACO’s products or services, to invite you to participate in surveys about our products, or to notify you about special promotions. Other uses of Personal Information include internal review of the number of visitors to the website, but only in aggregate and non-personally identifiable form.

MAACO takes reasonable steps to maintain appropriate physical, technical and administrative security to help prevent loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure or modification of Personal Information. Although MAACO makes reasonable efforts to protect your Personal Information, please be mindful that no data transmission system can be fully guaranteed.

If you supply MAACO with your postal address online, you will only receive the information that you requested be sent to your address. If you supply MAACO with your telephone number online, you will only receive telephone contact if you have requested it. If you do not want to receive email from MAACO in the future, please let MAACO know by mail or by replying to any email we send with "unsubscribe" in the subject line.

Your Choices Regarding Personal Information

You have the right to choose not to provide us with certain information. Please note, however, that certain information may be required in order for you to obtain services from a MAACO Center and/or participate in coupon downloads, contests and other promotions. Federal and state regulations require that we store certain customer information for specific periods of time. In order to comply with these requirements, we may be unable to delete your information until these retention periods are met. You will always be given a choice as to whether you want to receive postal mail, e-mail messages, newsletters, phone calls and any other type of communication from MAACO. At any time you may modify your choice by contacting us at the email address or phone number in the “Contact Us” section at the bottom of this privacy policy. You also will be given the opportunity, in any commercial e-mail that we send to you, to opt-out of receiving such messages in the future by following the unsubscribe link that is provided for you regarding that particular service.

We may send you other types of transactional and relationship e-mail communications, such as service updates or administrative notices without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them. Please note that opting out of receipt of promotional e-mail communications will only affect future activities or communications from us. If we have already provided your information to a third party (with your prior consent) before you changed your preferences or updated your information, you will have to change you preferences directly with that third party.

Ad Server Companies

MAACO does not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies, such as DoubleClick, HitBox or Adforce, which allow cookies for purposes of personal data collection. Such companies sell advertising, analyze website effectiveness, help increase clients’ online revenues, and place or monitor banner ads and may engage in spam tactics or black hat tactics. This kind of cookie is capable of tracking your movement from one website to another throughout the world wide web, accumulating personal data, and sometimes making it available for sale to third parties.

Children’s Privacy

Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, MAACO is committed to protecting children's privacy on the Internet. MAACO does not intend to, or knowingly, collect, use, or disclose Personal Information (including online contact information) of children under the age of 18, and we encourage parents or guardians to supervise their children's online activities and to consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing online their names, addresses and other personal information without your permission. If MAACO becomes aware of a child under the age of 18 attempting to register on this website, MAACO will not accept the registration. Once MAACO becomes aware of a child under the age of 18 providing Personal Information, we will attempt to delete that information. If your child has provided Personal Information, please contact us so it can be deleted. If you are under the age of 18, do not provide MAACO with any Personal Information.

#MAACOVER

In the event that, in connection with the “#MAACOVER” program, you upload or submit to MAACO a photo, you granting MAACO a non-exclusive, royalty-free, sub-licensable, worldwide license to use, copy, modify, publish, display and distribute the photo in any media (now known or later developed). Subject to the foregoing sentence, any photos you provide will be used only in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.

ACCEPTANCE OF PRIVACY TERMS AND CONDITIONS

Your access to and use of the MAACO website is subject to this privacy policy and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing this site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, this privacy policy. MAACO reserves the right to at any time revise this Privacy Policy without prior notice to reflect technological advancements, legal and regulatory changes and good business practices and to reflect the use of customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously contemplated in our privacy statement. If MAACO changes its privacy practices, a new privacy policy will reflect those changes and the effective date of the revised privacy policy will be set forth therein. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the then-current privacy terms and conditions to which you are bound. If you (i) have questions about the use, amendment, or deletion of Personal Information that you have provided to MAACO, (ii) would like to opt out of future communications from a MAACO business or a particular program, or (iii) feel that this website is not following its stated information policy, please contact us at the email address or phone number appearing in the “Contact Us” section below.

In all communications to MAACO, please include the e-mail address used for registration (if applicable), the website address or the specific program to which you provided Personal Information and a detailed explanation of your request. If you would like to delete or amend your Personal Information and are contacting us by e-mail, please put "Deletion Request" or "Amendment Request", as applicable, in the subject line of the e-mail. We will do our best to respond to all reasonable requests in a timely manner.

This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 24, 2016.
