> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the awin1.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-03-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140308194838id_/http%3A//www.affiliatewindow.com/documents/legal/privacy.pdf) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DIGITAL WINDOW PRIVACY POLICY

                                                                   DIGITAL WINDOW PRIVACY POLICY
Digital Window Limited ("We") are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
This policy (together with our Terms of Website Use)
Digital Window's terms of use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we
collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our
views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the "Act"), the data controller is Digital Window Limited of 3rd Floor, 100
Leman Street, London E1 8EU.
Our nominated representative for the purpose of the Act is Peter Loveday.
1 Information we may collect from you
We may collect and process the following data about you:
1.1 Information that you provide by filling in forms on any of our websites which shall include without limitation the
following: www.affiliatewindow.com, www.buy.at and www.shopwindow.com ("the Websites"). This includes information
provided at the time of registering to use the Website(s), subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further
services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with the Website(s).
1.2 If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.
1.3 We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to
them.
1.4 Details of transactions you carry out through the Website(s) and of the fulfilment of your orders.
1.5 Details of your visits to the Website(s) including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data and other communication
data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.
2 IP addresses and cookies
2.1 We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and
browser type, for system 2 administration. This is statistical data about our users' browsing actions and patterns, and does
not identify any individual.
2.2 For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using cookies. Cookies are small
software files, typically consisting of numbers and letters, which are placed by a website onto the computer, telephone or
other device used to access that website.
2.3 We will place cookies onto any computer, telephone or other device you use to access the Website(s) (“Device”). These
cookies will enable information to be;
(a) stored on your Device; and
(b) sent to and from the Website(s) and your Device.
2.4 Cookies help us to improve the Website(s) and to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us to:
(a) estimate our audience size and usage pattern;
(b) store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customise the Website(s) according to your individual
interests;
(c) speed up your searches; and
(d) recognise you when you return to the Website(s).
2.5 We operate an affiliate marketing network, which allows website publishers to display advertisements for online
retailers. The advertisements that are displayed contain a link to the retailers’ websites. This enables people to click on
the advertisement and be directed to the website of the online retailer via one of our web servers. Website publishers earn
commission on the basis of the sales generated by the advertisements they display. As part of our business, we calculate


the commission that is earned by recording which website publishers have generated sales for which online retailers. To do
this, our web server uses cookies to record when a visitor of a website publisher clicks on a link to the online retailer.
However, these cookies are not placed on any of your Devices by any of our Websites.
2.6 More information on cookies can be found in our Cookie Factsheet.
2.7 You may refuse to accept cookies by either:
(a) clicking on the [‘I do not wish to accept cookies’] button on the banner appearing at the top of some of the Websites’
(b) by refusing to accept the terms and conditions of some of the Websites; or
(c) by activating the setting on your internet browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies;
however, if you do not accept cookies you may be unable to access certain parts of the Website(s).
2.8 If you wish to withdraw your consent, you must notify us immediately and stop accessing the Website(s).
2.9 If you want to delete the cookies on your Device, you should consult the Help function of your internet browser. More
information on how to delete cookies can be found here http://www.aboutcookies.org/page-2
2.10 Please note that our advertisers may also use cookies, over which we have no control.
3 Where we store your personal data
3.1 The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and be stored at, a destination outside the European Economic
Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who may work for us or for one of our suppliers.
Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things the processing of your payment details and the provision of support
services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps
reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
3.2 Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the
Website(s), you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
3.3 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to
protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Website(s); any transmission is
at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to
prevent unauthorised access.
4 Uses made of the information
4.1 We use information held about you in the following ways:
(a) to ensure that content from the Website(s) is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
(b) to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where
you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.
(c) to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
(d) to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.
(e) to notify you about changes to our service.
4.2 We may also use your data, or permit selected third parties to use your data, to provide you with information about
goods and services which may be of interest to you and we or they may contact you about these by post or telephone.
4.3 If you have purchased goods or services from the Website(s), we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or
SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you.
4.4 If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by
electronic means only if you have consented to this.
4.5 If you do not want us to use your data in this way, or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes,
please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your data.
5 Disclosure of your information


5.1 We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate
holding company and its subsidiaries from time to time, as defined in section 736 of the UK Companies Act 1985 or section
1519 of the UK Companies Act 2006 as applicable.
5.2 We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
(a) In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the
prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
(b) If Digital Window Limited or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held
by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
(c) If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to
enforce or apply our Terms of Website Use http://www.affiliatewindow.com/documents/legal/terms_of_use.pdf and or any
other agreements between you and us, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Digital Window Limited, our
customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud
protection and credit risk reduction. This may include disclosing personal information to a credit reference agency, who may
keep a record of that information.
6 Your rights
6.1 You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before
collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third
party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we
use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at Digital Window Ltd of the 3rd Floor,
100 Leman Street, London, E1 8EU or email Chris Giddins (chris@affiliatewindow.com).
6.2 Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and
affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and
that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or for any of the personal data which may be collected
from you under these policies by such third parties. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to
these websites.
7 Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access personal information held about you by us. Your right of access can be exercised in
accordance with the Act. Any access request may be subject to a fee of £10 (or any other fee determined by law) to meet
our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
8 Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to
you by e-mail. If use of the data changes we will have to get consent anyway regardless of what we put in the privacy
policy.
9 Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to Digital Window
Ltd of the 3rd Floor, 100 Leman Street, London, E1 8EU or email chris@affiliatewindow.com
Issue Date: July 2013
