> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the workitmom.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080622144608id_/http%3A//www.workitmom.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Work It, Mom!

**Work it, Mom! Privacy Policy  
Effective March 14, 2007**

At Work it, Mom!™, we are committed to maintaining your privacy and your trust. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, protect, use and share information about you when you use the Work it, Mom! website (the "Site"). We hope this information increases your confidence in Work it, Mom! and enhances your experience on our Site. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the Work it, Mom! Terms of Service. Each time that you use the Site, you signify that you agree to be bound by the Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using the Service and terminate your membership.

_I. ABOUT WORK IT, MOM!_

Work it, Mom! is an online service for moms that allows our mom members to set up unique personal profiles and, through those profiles, to create an online network of other moms. Work it, Mom! members ("Members") can view each others' profiles, communicate with old friends and make new friends on the Site, share photos, write, post and read articles, post comments, participate in discussions, form groups, ask questions, and describe their interests. To enrich our Members' experience, we request and display some personal information to other Members and visitors, which allows our users to identify each other and expand their network of friends. Work it, Mom! members can change their profile information at any time and can control how other Members and Work it, Mom! communicates with them.

_II. INFORMATION WE COLLECT_

User Provided Information. Work it, Mom! collects personal information from you when you register with our Site, update your profile, interact with other Members, and use various features of our Site. To register with Work it, Mom!, you must provide your name, and email address, and select a screen name. Once you are registered, you will be given the option to add additional personal information about you and your family to your profile. By using the privacy settings on your profile, you can control which Members have access to certain of your personal profile data. Keep in mind, however, that certain basic profile data cannot be hidden and will always be displayed on the Site once they register.

We may also collect information regarding your interaction with other users and your use of the Site. From time to time we may ask you to respond to surveys or other requests for information and we collect the information you provide. We may collect information from you when you participate in sweepstakes and promotions offered on our Site. We may also collect information about you through other methods, including research surveys or information we obtain from third parties, including verification services, data services, as well as public sources. We use this information to continually offer you the most value as a Work it, Mom! Member.

All personally identifiable information that we collect may become part of your Work it, Mom! Member file and may be used by Work it, Mom! as provided in this Privacy Policy or as disclosed at the time you provide the information or as otherwise agreed by you.

_Web Logs._ Like most standard Website servers, we collect information from all visitors to the Site. This information may include the browser you are using, the internet address from which you linked to our Site, the operating system of your computer, the unique IP address of the computer you used to access our Site, and usage and browsing habits. We use this information to help diagnose and troubleshoot server malfunctions, to analyze trends, track user movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information. We may also use individual information we collect through web logs to send you targeted offers and other communications.

_Cookies_. To help make sure you receive information that is relevant to you, our Site uses data "cookies." These cookies are small data files stored on your computer which identify you as a previous visitor to the Site and help us to personalize your experience when you arrive. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies. You can instruct your browser not to accept cookies. However, if you disable this function, you will not be able to use some of the features on our Site.

_III. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION_

_When you Register._ When you register with Work it, Mom!, you create your own profile and privacy settings. Your profile information, as well as your screen name and photo are displayed to people in the networks specified in your privacy settings to allow you to connect with other Work it, Mom! Members. Your real name is never displayed on the Site (unless you use it as your screen name), but your real name will be included in emails that you "send to a friend." You can choose to allow Members to search for you by using your real name or most other information you have entered in your profile.

By using the search functionality on the Site, Work it, Mom! Members can find other moms with similar interests and challenges. When you find other Members, you can view their personal profiles to find out more about them based on the information they have decided to share on the Site. 

_Emails._ Work it, Mom! may send you service-related announcements and emails from time to time. We may also use your information to send you e-newsletters, updates and communications about Work it, Mom!. You may change your newsletter preferences (i) at any time by simply updating your account, or (ii) by opting-out of receiving future emails as described at the bottom of each communication from Work it, Mom!.

_Invite a Friend_. If you do become a Member, not only can you enjoy all of the benefits of membership, but you can also invite other individuals to join by providing us with their first names and email addresses. Using the information you give us on these potential Members, we will send them an email invitation to join Work it, Mom!. The only way these individuals can become Members, however, is if they come to our Site and sign up themselves. We do not use this information for other purposes.

_Legal Matters; Safety_. We may, without your consent, access and disclose your information, any communications sent or received by you, and any other information that we may have about you or your account as may be permitted or required by law (including, but not limited to, court order or subpoena), or to prevent or investigate suspected fraud, violations of our Terms of Service, or activity that appears to us to be illegal or may expose us to legal liability. Additionally, we may disclose your information in situations that we believe to be emergencies involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or property if we believe that your information in any way relates to that threat.

_Sale of Business or Assets._ In the event that Work it, Mom!, substantially all of its assets, or a line of business are acquired or merged with another company, personally identifiable information of our Members may be one of the assets sold or merged in connection with that transaction. Work it, Mom! will notify users of the Site of such a change in ownership or transfer of assets by posting a notice on the Site.

_Third Party Ad Servers._ We may use third party advertising technology to serve ads when you visit our Site. For instance, we may use Quigo and Tacoda, among others, to provide text and banner advertisements on our Site and we may use Google AdSense, among others, to provide advertising in our e-newsletters. If your browser is set up to accept cookies, DoubleClick, Quigo, Google AdSense and some of Work it, Mom! Name's advertisers and partners may place cookies or web beacons on your computer when you visit our Site or interact with our email messages. Please note that this happens whether or not you click on an advertisement placed by these companies. DoubleClick, Quigo, Google AdSense and Work it, Mom! 's advertisers and partners use cookies and web beacons according to their own privacy and security polices which you can find on their websites.

_IV. IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES, PRACTICES AND CONTACT INFORMATION_

Work it, Mom! contains links to other sites. It is possible for you to receive information directly from our partners and other companies if you access them through a link on workitmom.com or if you go directly to their Websites. Once you are on their sites, any data that you supply to these partners, for example, to obtain information or buy products directly from them is beyond our reach and will be the responsibility of each of the linked-to entities and not Work it, Mom!. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these Websites or any other sites linked to or referenced on our Site.

_Security._ Work it, Mom! has multiple layers of security on its systems. We have implemented software and hardware security, including firewalls, data encryption, and private networks intended to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access. We use firewalls and intrusion-detection devices that are designed to defend against hackers and notify us if any attempts are made to compromise our network. We regularly review additional software upgrades to enhance our security measures. However, despite our efforts, no system can completely guaranty that there will never be unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information, and your use of the Site indicates that you are willing to assume this risk.

_A Note About International Users_. The Work it, Mom! Site is hosted in the United States. If you are using the Site from outside the United States, by providing your information to this Site, you are consenting to the transfer of your information to the United States for processing and maintaining in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. You are also consenting to the application of United States law in all matters concerning this Site.

_Children's Privacy._ Work it, Mom! does not encourage participation or visitation by children. Visitors who are known to be under the age of 16 are prohibited from becoming Work it, Mom! Members. Work it, Mom! does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16.

_Updating Your Personal Information._ If you are a Work it, Mom! Member, you can update your personally identifiable information at any time. However, we are unable to update or delete any of your personally identifiable information that has been shared with a third party as permitted in this Privacy Policy.

_Changes to the Privacy Policy._ We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most recent version of the Privacy Policy will always be posted on the Site, with the "Effective Date" posted at the top of the Policy. We will inform you if we substantially modify the way we handle your personally identifiable information by posting a notice on the Site, and we will give you the opportunity to opt-out of such differing uses.

_Contacting Us._

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or the practices of this Site, please visit our [contact page](https://web.archive.org/web/20080622144608id_/http%3A//www.workitmom.com/contact).
