> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the workcircle.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630062646id_/http%3A//www.workcircle.co.uk/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy | Workcircle UK

**a) General:** We are strongly committed to protecting users' privacy, and this sets out our policy on the use of personal data which has been collected in relation to access to and use of the Site.

**b) Information collected:** We do not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you voluntarily submit such information to us, by, for example, registering, or uploading your CV. The types of information that may be requested will be as listed in the online registration form, and may include your name, address, e-mail address. We collect non-personally identifiable information about you in a number of ways, including tracking your activities through your IP address, computer settings, or most-recently visited URL.

**c) Use of information:** In general, we will only use the information you provide to us for the purpose for which such information was provided. Your CV may be provided by us to an advertiser to whom you have authorised it to be provided, and may be searched to attempt to match you with suitable opportunities. Your other personal information (but not your CV) may also be used to contact you when necessary and to provide promotional material, and may be shared with other companies that may want to contact you with offers consistent with your stated preferences. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings from us and other entities by following the instructions set forth in the opt-out section below. Non-personal demographic and profile data is used to tailor your experience on the Site, by showing you content we think you might be interested in. This information may also be shared with Advertisers on an aggregate non-personal basis.

**d)** Users may opt-out of receiving mailings from us by following the instructions set forth in the opt-out section below. We reserve the right to access and to disclose personal information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, to operate our systems properly or to protect ourselves and our users.

**e) IP addresses:** We use IP addresses to collect statistical information about the areas of the system that users are visiting, and general "traffic" data, to allow for log in validation, as the basis for calculating 'click through' charges to Advertisers, and to identify and track misuse; save for such uses, such information does not relate to the use being made of the system by a particular user in relation to identifiable items being viewed. This information allows us to charge Advertisers in accordance with our agreements with them, and help us determine what is most beneficial for our users and to continually improve the overall site.

**f) Cookies:** A "cookie" is a small amount of data that is sent to a user's browser from a web server and stored on a user’s computer, used to store and track information about the user. Generally, we use cookies to remind us who the user is and to access user information (stored on our computers) in order to deliver a better and more personalised site.

**g) Links:** The Site contains links to other Web Sites that are owned and operated by third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web Sites. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by us. You are responsible for complying with the terms of use of any such sites.

**h)** No party may create any link to or use any portion of the Site in any manner that may create confusion about our identity as the source of origin of such portion of this Site, or in any manner that may create a likelihood of confusion as to sponsorship of third party content by us or as to an affiliation with Workcircle or the Site.

**i) Security:** The Site has industry standard security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. While there is no such thing as "perfect security" on the Internet, we will take reasonable steps to ensure the safety of your personal information.

**j) Updating information:** We allow users the option to change or modify information previously provided. To do this, visit [www.workcircle.co.uk](https://web.archive.org/), click on the log in link, log in, click on the 'Settings' link, and follow the on-screen instructions.

**k) Cancellation:** Upon your request, we will deactivate your information from our active databases. To make this request, visit [www.workcircle.co.uk](https://web.archive.org/), click on the log in link, log in, click on the 'Settings' link, and follow the on-screen instructions. Such information will be deactivated as soon as reasonably possible in accordance with our deactivation policy and applicable law. We will retain in our files some personal information you may have requested to remove, solely in order to keep an archival set of records and to comply with legal requirements as required or permitted by law. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your personal information will be completely removed from our databases in response to your requests. However, such personal information will only be available to selected members of our personnel, or otherwise as legally required.

**l) Opt out:** You may opt-out of receiving communications from us, to do this visit [www.workcircle.co.uk](https://web.archive.org/), click on the log in link, log in, click on the 'Settings' link, and follow the on-screen instructions.
