> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the worldsbestbars.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140617150955id_/http%3A//www.worldsbestbars.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | World's Best Bars

* * *

###  Privacy Policy

We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement, together with the terms of use of our website www.worldsbestbars.com (Site) and any other documents referred to on it, sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you or that you provide to us (Data) will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our treatment and use of Data.

For the purpose of the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003 (as amended) (Acts), the data controller is Fitzgerald & Co. Ltd., a private limited company registered in Ireland with company number 7587 and registered address: Simmonscourt House, Simmonscourt Road, Ballsbridge, Dublin 4, Ireland. 

###  Information we may collect from you

We may collect and process the following data about you:

  * \- your name;
  * \- your email address;
  * \- the time and date of your visit;
  * \- information that you provide by filling in forms on our Site. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Site, subscribing to a service we provide, posting material on our Site, requesting information from us or submitting comments. We may also ask you for information if you report a problem with our site;
  * \- if you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence;
  * \- details of your visits to our site (including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise) and the resources that you access.



When you access our Site, your computer's browser provides us with information such as your IP address, browser type, access time and referring URL which is collected and used to compile statistical data on the use of our Site. This information may be used to help us to improve our Site and the services we offer.

Our Site uses cookies. A cookie is a small text file that is generated by our Site, sent to a user's browser and stored on the hard drive of the user's computer. The purpose of cookies is to store information relating to users of our Site. Cookies store user information including IP addresses, navigational data and user preferences. Our Site uses persistent cookies that are stored on a user's computer until they expire or until the user deletes the cookie. Persistent cookies collect identifying information about the user, such as internet surfing behaviour or user preferences for our Site. Some browsers do not support cookies and other browsers provide a way to turn off cookie functionality by changing the settings on the browser. Turning off cookie functionality on your browser may affect your ability to access and/or use certain parts of our Site. Our Site will issue cookies unless you adjust your browser setting to refuse cookies.

###  Where we store your personal data

Your Data may be stored and transferred within the European Economic Area (EEA) or transferred to, and stored in, countries outside the EEA. Those countries may not provide an adequate level of protection in relation to processing your Data. Your Data may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing and processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your Data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Statement.

We are committed to protecting the security of your Data. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your Data from unauthorised access and use. As effective as modern security practices are, no physical or electronic security system is entirely secure. We cannot guarantee the complete security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. We have implemented strict internal guidelines to ensure that your privacy is safeguarded at every level of our organisation. We will continue to revise policies and implement additional security features as new technologies become available. Where we have given you a password which enables you to access certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping that password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.

The transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your Data, we cannot guarantee the security of your Data transmitted to our Site. Any transmission of Data is at your own risk. Once we receive your Data, we use appropriate security measures to seek to prevent unauthorised access.

###  Uses made of your Data

We use your Data that we hold to:

  * \- ensure that content from our Site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
  * \- provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes (see MARKETING below);
  * \- carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us;
  * \- allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so;
  * \- include your name and home city alongside your bar reviews; and
  * \- notify you about changes to our service.



We may provide our advertisers with aggregate statistical information about our users. We may also use such aggregate information to help advertisers reach the kind of audience they want to target. We may make use of the Data we have collected from you to enable us to comply with our advertisers' wishes by displaying their advertisement to that target audience.

###  Marketing

We would like to use your Data to send you information relating to our services and products which may be of interest to you and to send you information relating to services and products from other carefully selected parties and may disclose your Data to those parties so that they may contact you for the same purpose.

If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e-mail or SMS) with information about goods and services similar to those which were the subject of a previous sale to you, unless you have consented to receive all marketing communications from us and from carefully selected third parties.

If you are a new customer, you will be provided an opportunity to consent to receive information from us and/or from carefully selected third parties. If you so consent, we will use your Data to contact you by electronic means.

If you do not want us to use your Data in this way, please tick the relevant box situated on the form on which we collect your Data. If you wish to stop the use of your Data for those purposes at any time please contact us (see CONTACT US below).

###  Disclosure of your information

We may disclose your Data to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 155 of the Irish Companies Act 1963 (as amended).

We may disclose your Data to third parties:

  * \- in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your Data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets;
  * \- if Fitzgerald & Co. Ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case your Data held by it may be one of the transferred assets;
  * \- if we are under a duty to disclose or share your Data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use www.worldsbestbars.com/terms and other agreements, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Fitzgerald & Co. Ltd. our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

  


###  Links to other sites

Our Site may, from time to time, contain links to and from other websites. If you follow a link to any of those websites, please note that those websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for those policies. Please check those policies before you submit any personal data to those websites.

###  Access to information and correction

You may request in writing copies of your Data held by us as data controller. We will provide you with a copy of the Data held by us as soon as practicable and in any event not more than 40 days after the request in writing. There may be a charge to access your Data. We may also request proof of identification to verify your access request. All requests should be addressed to our Data Protection Compliance Officer at dataprotection@worldsbestbars.com.

If your Data that we hold is inaccurate, please let us know and we will make the necessary amendments, erase or block the relevant Data as you request and notify you within 40 days of your request that the relevant action has been taken. All requests should be addressed to our Data Protection Compliance Officer at dataprotection@worldsbestbars.com.

We will hold on to your personal Data only for as long as necessary for the purposes of providing access to our Site and related services to you or as required by law.

###  Chnages to our Privacy Statement

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Statement from time to time in our sole discretion. If we make any changes, we will post those changes here so that you can see what information we gather, how we might use that information and in what circumstances we may disclose it. By continuing to use our Site after we post any such changes, you accept and agree to this Privacy Statement as modified.

###  Contact Us

Questions, comments, requests and complaints regarding this Privacy Statement and the information we hold are welcome and should be addressed to our Customer Services department at dataprotection@worldsbestbars.com. All requests will be dealt with promptly and efficiently.
