> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the worldvision.org privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040603041201id_/http%3A//www.worldvision.org/worldvision/comms.nsf/stable/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy Statement for World Vision United States on the Web

| **Privacy Policy Statement for World Vision United States on the Web**  
World Vision Inc. has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this site (World Vision United States).World Vision assures you that the identity of all who contact us through this website is kept confidential: we do not rent, sell, or exchange our mailing lists and we will always strive to be responsible in our management, truthful in our advertising, and cost-effective in our fund raising. We have been ministering to the poor and suffering for more than 50 years, and are continually working to ensure every dollar is used to its fullest for this purpose. Anything less would violate the trust we keep with you, with the children, families, and communities we serve, and most importantly, with God.We are committed to the highest standard of stewardship excellence. We will exert every effort to honor any designation of preference you have stated. In certain circumstances, where a project is overfunded or cannot be carried out in accordance with your preference, the funds will be used for similar projects approved by the Board of Directors.As with most other Internet sites, our web servers record the IP address of each visitor to this site. This IP address tells us which domain you visited from (for instance, aol.com), but not your email address or other private and personal information. We use the information we record to help diagnose problems with our servers, to administer this website more effectively, and to gather broad demographic information about what countries and domains our visitors hail from and their behavior on our site.Those who choose to register through various "guestbook"-type features on our site may choose to give us certain contact information (such as their email address). These features may also request optional demographic information (such as zip code, age, or income level). Unless you "opt out," we may use this contact information to send you additional information about World Vision and its programs. Your voluntarily provided contact information may also be used to contact you when necessary in order to resolve customer service issues or questions. You may readily opt-out of receiving future communications; see the "opt-out" and "modifying your information" sections below.In some cases our site uses securely encrypted contribution response forms for visitors who choose to use these forms to provide information, request information, and make donations. We collect your willingly submitted contact information (such as your email address), unique identifiers (in some cases, a World Vision donor account number), and financial information (such as a credit card type, number, and expiration date). Contact information from these response forms is used to process donations, provide receipts and other information about World Vision to our customers. The visitor's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary in order to resolve customer service issues or questions. Users may readily opt-out of receiving future communications; see the "opt-out" and "modifying your information" sections below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for donations pledged. Unique identifiers (such as a World Vision account number) may be collected from website visitors to assist in matching current donation information with donor history in our record systems.Our online surveys may ask visitors for contact information (such as their email address) as well as a variety of demographic and practical questions. We may use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about World Vision. The user's contact information may also be used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the "opt-out" and "modifying your information" sections below.Opt-OutOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request contact information about the visitor.Users may also opt-out at any time by contacting us following the methods provided in the "modifying your information" section below.This site contains links to other sites. World Vision United States is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.Modifying Your InformationThis site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service; or for changing or modifying information previously provided.   


1\. You can send e-mail to [info@worldvision.org](mailto:info@worldvision.org)  
2\. You can send us a message with your request via the following URL: <http://www.worldvision.org/worldvision/feedback.nsf/feedback?openform>  
3\. You can send postal mail to the following address:   
World Vision Inc., mail stop 207  
P.O. Box 9716  
Federal Way, WA 98001   
4\. You can call the following toll-free telephone number: 1-888-511-6598
  
When contacting us to change your status, be sure to include any information that would help us identify you on our lists, such as complete contact information (name, postal address, telephone number, and e-mail address), any World Vision account number(s), or information about venues in which you gave us your contact information online (guestbook, survey, etc.).Changes to This PolicyWe reserve the right to make changes to this privacy policy without advance notice. Notice of these changes to this policy will be posted to the homepage for this website ([http://www.worldvision.org](http://www.worldvision.org/)) for a period of three days. Minor changes to this policy (address information only) were last made on March 7, 2003.Contacting the WebsiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:Larry Short  
Internet Content Manager  
World Vision Inc., mail stop 321  
P.O. Box 9716  
Federal Way, WA 98063-9716  
([webmaster@worldvision.org](mailto:webmaster@worldvision.org))

* * *

| | 
