> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the worldofsucculents.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130410122808id_/http%3A//www.worldofsucculents.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# World of Succulents » Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy for [World of Succulents](http://www.worldofsucculents.com/ "World of Succulents").

We recognize the importance of our visitor's privacy and we aim to preserve the Privacy by all means. The information furnished herewith will inform you on the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use (operate) and visit [World of Succulents](http://www.worldofsucculents.com/ "World of Succulents"), and how we safeguard your information. You can be assured that your personal information is never leaked or sold to the third parties and they are well protected by us.

**Log Files** As with most other websites, we also collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider, such as AOL or Shaw Cable), the browser used by you to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), your site visit time and the pages browsed by you throughout our site. 

**Cookies and Web Beacons** We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site. This could include showing a popup only once during your visit, or the ability to login to some of our key features, such as forums. 

We also visualize third party advertisements on [World of Succulents](http://www.worldofsucculents.com/ "World of Succulents") to support our site. Few of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site that also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser used by you to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have installed Flash. Such application is generally applied for geotargeting purposes, e.g., (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York) or showing certain ads, based on specific visited sites (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites). 

**DoubleClick DART cookies** We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google's DoubleClick, The DART cookies may also be used by us for ad serving through Google's DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). The cookie is used to serve your specific ads and your interests ("interest based targeting"). The ads served are to be targeted on the basis of your previous browsing history (For example, if you are viewing sites for visiting Las Vegas, you may also see Las Vegas hotel advertisements when viewing a non-related site, such as a hockey site). DART uses "non personally identifiable information", which does NOT track your personal information, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers. You have the option to opt-out of this ad serving on all sites, using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx 

You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, it can affect your ability to interact with our site as well as other websites and it may include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts. 

Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless, you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added.
