> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the worldhistoryproject.org privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130609192540id_/http%3A//worldhistoryproject.org/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - WorldHistoryProject.org

## World History Project Privacy Policy

**PLEASE READ OUR PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE YOU USE OUR WEB SITE.**

This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") covers the website www.worldhistoryproject.org ("World History Project" or the "Site"), owned and operated by Timelines Inc. ("we", "us" or "our"), and all services provided on the Site (the "Service"). By visiting the Site, submitting information or using the Service, you are accepting the practices outlined in this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use (which can be accessed at www.worldhistoryproject.org/terms_of_use). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties that Timelines Inc.. does not own or control, or to individuals that Timelines Inc.. does not employ or manage.

#### Description of Service

World History Project is an online service that allows people to record, discover and share events in an open and public forum. The information about these events is generated by the users of World History Project. Our users create profiles which are shown to other users of World History Project. Some personal information we ask for is displayed to other users of World History Project. All events recorded by you, and all the descriptions, photos and other information submitted about those events are viewable by other World History Project users. See more on this topic below at "Correcting, Updating or Removing Information."

#### Information We Collect

We collect user-submitted information such as name and email address to identify you and send notifications related to the use of the Service. We may also collect gender, age, other demographic information submitted by users to let users view the contributions of specific types of people. For paid services, users will be asked to submit financial information such as their credit card number. We also collect user-submitted content for events, such as descriptions, photos and comments, and information related to the voting and flagging of content.

We automatically receive and record certain traffic data on our server logs from your browser including IP address, internet service provider, date and time stamp, referring and exit pages, browser type and the web pages requested. We use this traffic data to help diagnose problems with our servers, analyze trends and administer the Site. We also automatically collect usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of user visits to the Site. This information is only used in the aggregate.

#### Use of the Information

Your name, events, photos, comments and other information you contribute about events are viewable by other World History Project users. Your email address will not be shared or displayed for other users to see. Users can communicate with each other through the Service without disclosing email addresses. We will use your email address to send notifications to you related to the use of the Service or to send notifications when you add or update events, ask questions, make comments, send invitations, reset passwords or create relationships and when we receive payments. We may also send periodic emails to you regarding site enhancements, service alterations and other marketing communications. At any time, you may opt out of email altogether or choose not to receive certain email notifications.

#### Sharing of the Information

As a matter of policy, except where you are expressly informed otherwise and we have obtained your consent, we do not sell, rent, share, trade or give away any of your personal information to entities not owned or controlled by Timelines Inc. However, we may share aggregate usage information in a non-personally identifiable manner with advertisers, subsidiaries, affiliates and other third party service providers only to the extent required for such third parties to provide their services so that we can present to users more targeted products, services and advertising.

We use outside vendors to fulfill various services, such as a financial transaction processing company to bill you for goods and services. When you sign up for a paid service we offer, we will share only that information necessary for the third party to provide that service. These third parties are prohibited by contract from using your personally identifiable information for any other purpose. We may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms of Use or other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Timelines Inc., our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that are transferred. Moreover, if Timelines Inc., or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, user information would be one of the assets that are transferred.

Except as set forth above, you will be notified by email and a notice on the Site when your personal information may be shared with third parties.

#### Links

The Site may contain links to other websites. Many of these links are provided by World History Project users. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content, privacy practices, security or the content of other websites not owned or controlled by us. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave the Site and to read the Privacy Policies of each website that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected on this Site. If a user discovers a link on the Site that violates the World History Project Terms of Use, please flag that link or send us an email at support@worldhistoryproject.org.

#### Use of Cookies

A cookie is a piece of data stored on a user's computer tied to information about the user. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once you close your browser, the cookie terminates. A persistent cookie is a text file stored on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set by following your Internet browser's "Help" file instructions. However, you must enable cookies from World History Project in order to use many functions on the Site. Cookies are used to manage sessions on the Site. You may also use a cookie to remember your password in order to automatically log into the Site. World History Project cookies do not collect personal information. We do not use cookies to collect private information that a user did not intentionally submit to us. We may use a third-party tracking service that uses their own cookies to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate including, but not limited to, page views, referring websites, time spent on the site and exit points, to help us improve the quality of the Service. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by World History Project and does not cover the use of cookies by any Web advertising partners, third-party ad servers or ad networks A cookie is also a yummy baked good and we do not use that type of cookie on this site, but please feel free to send us some. Chocolate chip would be fantastic!

#### Correcting, Updating or Removing Information

You may access, modify, or remove any of your personal information at any time by logging-in to your account and accessing Account. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. You may delete photos, descriptions, quotations, videos and links that you have contributed to events on World History Project. However, you will not be able to delete other event assets, including but not limited to, event titles, event topics, event locations or event dates.

#### Changes to our Privacy Policy

Timelines Inc. may amend this Privacy Policy at any time, at our sole discretion. Use of information we collect will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is collected. If we change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on the Site so users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.

#### Invite a Friend

If you elect to invite a friend to use the Site, we ask you for the friend's email address. World History Project will automatically send the friend an email inviting them to use the Site. World History Project stores this email address for the purpose of automatically inviting that user to use World History Project. We do not sell these email addresses or use them to send any other communication besides these invitations. If the friend subsequently accepts the invitation and creates a new account, the friend is bound by our Terms of Use. The friend may contact us at support@worldhistoryproject.org to request the removal of this information from our database.

#### Publicly Viewable Information

Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online to be viewable on the Site, that information may be collected and used by others who have access that information. If you choose to upload a photo to your Account or an event, this photo is viewable by others. By posting personal information online, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties.

#### Security

Your World History Project account is password-protected. You need to work to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer by logging-off once you have finished using a shared computer. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. We limit access to your information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel. All of our employees are kept up to date on our privacy and security practices. If you have any questions about the Site's security, please contact us.

#### Third Party Advertising

Ads appearing on the Site are delivered to users by our Web advertising partners. Our Web advertising partners may use cookies. Doing this allows our Web advertising partners to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, our Web advertising partners may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which advertisements are clicked on. This information allows our Web advertising partners to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. Timelines IncInc. does not have access to or control of the cookies that may be used by any Web advertising partners, third-party ad servers or ad networks.

#### Conditions of Use

If you decide to visit the Site, your visit and any possible dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use, including limitations on damages and application of Illinois state law.

#### Questions or Suggestions?

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Site, or your dealings with World History Project, please contact us at:

World History Project  
Email: support@worldhistoryproject.org 
