> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the worldsciencefestival.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121229145827id_/http%3A//www.worldsciencefestival.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | World Science Festival

The World Science Festival (“WSF”) is owned and organized by the Science Festival Foundation, a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. For the purposes of this privacy policy, the term “WSF” shall refer to both the Science Festival Foundation and the World Science Festival.

WSF is committed to protecting the privacy of its website visitors. In accordance with applicable laws and regulations. All information gathered from you in connection with your use of this website (the “Site”) is governed by this Privacy Policy.

By their nature, electronic communication protocols require our servers and your computer to share information about each other, some of which could potentially be used to figure out more about you. WSF makes no attempt to identify individual users of our Site.

We do not systematically collect names, addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses or other personally identifying information (“Personal Information”) of Site users, unless you voluntarily send it to us by subscribing to our newsletter, requesting additional information about our WSF programs or signing up to comment on our blog.

When you sign up to be on the WSF email or mailing list or otherwise voluntarily provide us with Personal Information in order to receive information about WSF, the Personal Information you provide is passed on to Vertical Response, which serves as the email service provider for WSF.  The information stored at Vertical Response is governed by the privacy policy of Vertical Response.

WSF may sell tickets on our Site through third party ticketing agents. When you purchase tickets via the Site, WSF and its third party ticketing agent will request information necessary to process your ticket purchase, which will include Personal Information. In order to complete the purchase, you will be transferred to the ticketing agent’s website and you will be governed by their own independent Privacy Policy.

WSF also collects donations via the Site through a third party non-proft, Network for Good. When you make an online donation to WSF, you will be directed to the Network for Good website and you will be asked to provide Personal Information to complete the transaction. At this point, you will be governed by Network for Good’s privacy policies.

WSF may have access to any Personal Information you provide to our third party vendors as described above. Our third party vendors will never share your credit card information with us. We do not sell, rent or otherwise distribute the Personal Information we do collect, but we might share it with trusted organizations we work with in producing the Festival. For example, if we hire a third party to market the Festival, we might share our email list with them. Under all circumstances, however, these third parties would be required to maintain the confidentiality and security of any Personal Information provided to them in the course of their performing services for WSF.

We use Google Analytics to better understand how to service users of our Site. Google Analytics requires we temporarily store information on your machine, which Google uses to track how you use the Site (but only the WSF website). Through this tool, Google is able to generate aggregate statistics about our users as a group. This aggregate information is not linked to any Personal Information, and we do not share the information collected with any third parties.

Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

If you would like to disable Google’s cookies, please look up “cookies” in your browser’s help files and follow the directions there for blocking cookies. You may choose to reject these cookies at any time without preventing your access to the Site.

This Site is not specifically dedicated to children, and WSF does not seek to actively solicit information from children. Children under the age of 14 are required to obtain permission from an adult before submitting any information to the Site.

If you have any concerns or questions about how information gathered on our website is used, please contact us at [info@worldsciencefest.org](mailto:info@worldsciencefest.org) with “PRIVACY” in the subject line.

This Privacy Policy may be modified without notice from time to time. The effective date of each version will be noted at the bottom of this page.

EFFECTIVE DATE: October 29, 2008 
