> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the worldwidebrands.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071222051844id_/http%3A//www.worldwidebrands.com/wwb/priv_index.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Drop Shipping, Light Bulk, Liquidation and Import Wholesalers from OneSource!

Worldwide Brands **Privacy Policy**

_**Your Privacy is very important to us.**_ We do not collect personally identifiable information from our users, unless that information is necessary in order to complete a transaction, such as a sale of one of our products to a user of the Site. We will not disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties, unless absolutely necessary in order to complete a sales transaction between our Site and the yourself, that involves a third party. We do not share email or other contact information with other companies. When we find a resource or offer that we strongly believe you should be aware of to better serve your business success, we will contact you with that resource or offer ourselves. We have taken all reasonable and customary steps to ensure security of personally identifiable information. If and when we request private information from our users (such as credit card numbers), we use Secure Socket Layer (SSL technology) for transferring the data. This technology encrypts your data so it is impossible for anyone else to read it.

When you use our Site, the choices you make may provide information to us concerning your interests, and concerning the appeal of associated Site features. Information concerning our visitors' activities on our Site is known as Aggregate Information. This information does not identify a particular user, but does provide potentially useful data concerning our users' preferences and the efficacy and interest of our Site's features. An example of Aggregate Information would be how many people visit our Home Page in a given month. The manner in which we collect Aggregate Information is set our explained below.  **COOKIES**

We collect Aggregate Information the use of our Site through cookies and similar Internet technologies. "Cookies" are small text files that a web site can use to recognize repeat users, to facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the site, and to compile Aggregate data to improve the site. Cookies work as follows: a web site will send a cookie to your browser that uniquely associates your computer with information stored at the site. Your browser places the cookie in its cookies file. When you next access that site on your computer, the site recognizes the cookie, makes the stored information available, and adds new information based on the present visit.  
Our cookies do not collect or retain your name or other personally identifying information. In addition, no third parties are permitted to use cookies created at our Site for their own purposes.  **OWNERSHIP**

All materials on this Site, including but not limited to design, text, audio, images, software, video clips, look and feel of the web site (the "Content"), are protected by copyright under U.S. copyright law and by other applicable federal and state laws. Except as specified below, you cannot use or copy the Content in any manner. You agree to follow all instructions on this Site limiting the way you may use the Content. There are a number of proprietary logos, service marks and trademarks found on this Site. By making them available on this Site, Worldwide Brands, Inc. is not granting you any license to utilize those proprietary logos, service marks, or trademarks. Any unauthorized use of the Content may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and civil and criminal statutes. **SITE AND ITS CONTENTS**

You may not distribute, exchange, modify, sell or transmit anything you copy from this Site, including, but not limited to, any text, images, audio and video. In complying with these terms, Worldwide Brands, Inc. grants you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited right to enter, display and use this Site. You agree not to interrupt or attempt to interrupt the operation of this Site in any way.  **USER'S COMMUNICATIONS OR MATERIALS**

Any communications or materials sent to the Site by electronic mail or otherwise, including any comments, data, questions, suggestions or the like are, and will be treated as, non-confidential and non-proprietary. In other words, you forfeit any claim that any use of such material violates any of your rights including moral rights, privacy rights, proprietary or other property rights, publicity rights, rights to credit for material or ideas, or any other right, including the right to approve the way Worldwide Brands, Inc. uses such material. Any material submitted to this Site may be adapted, broadcast, changed, copied, disclosed, licensed, performed, posted, published, sold, transmitted or used by Worldwide Brands, Inc. anywhere in the world, in any medium, forever. Without any compensation to you, Worldwide Brands, Inc. is free to use any concepts, ideas, know-how or techniques contained in any communication you send to the Site for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products using such information. However, you understand that we are not obligated to use any such ideas or materials. **TRANSMISSIONS**

You should be aware that Internet transmissions cannot be guaranteed as completely private or secure. Any message or information you send to this Site might be read or intercepted by others unless a particular message is encrypted. **CHOICE/OPT-OUT**

Our users are given the opportunity to "opt-out" of having their information used for purposes not directly related to our Site at a point where we ask for such information. For example, our newsletter request form has an "opt-out" mechanism so users who do not wish to receive our newsletter can keep their e-mail address off of our lists. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or other promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by replying with "unsubscribe" in the subject line in the email or by emailing us at:  [ Info@WorldwideBrands.com](mailto:info@WorldwideBrands.com?subject=Privacy%20Policy).  **LINKS TO OTHER SITES**

This Site may contain links to other Internet sites on the World Wide Web. Worldwide Brands, Inc. provides such links for your convenience only, and is not responsible for the content of any linked site or their privacy practices. **QUESTIONS, COMMENTS, OR CONCERNS**

If you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our Site or this Privacy Statement, please email us at:  [ Info@WorldwideBrands.com](mailto:info@WorldwideBrands.com?subject=Privacy%20Policy), or call us at **1-877-637-6774.   **We wish you the very best in your business success!
