> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the worldanimalprotection.or.ke privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191214110911id_/https%3A//www.worldanimalprotection.or.ke/cookies-and-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cookies and privacy policy | World Animal Protection Africa

  1. [Home](https://web.archive.org/) › 
  2. Cookies and privacy policy



## Protecting your personal information

At World Animal Protection we rely on kind supporters, people like you, to protect animals from cruelty and suffering around the world. Your support is so important. That’s why we are committed to protecting your personal information and being transparent about what we will use it for. This policy sets out how and why World Animal Protection collects and uses your personal data, and how we keep it private and secure.

Personal data is information that identifies you or can be used to identify you. The policy relates to World Animal Protection’s use of personal information collected on our websites that link to this privacy policy, on social media or official World Animal Protection content on other websites. It also relates to our use of any personal information you provide to us by phone, SMS, email, in letters, in person and any personal information we may collect about you indirectly.

If you have any questions about this policy or how we use your personal data, please call **0800 316 9966** , email [privacy@worldanimalprotection.org](mailto:privacy@worldanimalprotection.org?subject=privacy%20query%20from%20website) or write to Data Protection Coordinator, World Animal Protection, 5th Floor, 222 Gray’s Inn Road, London WC1X 8HB.

## How we use cookies

We use cookies to ensure you receive the best experience on our website. By continuing to use our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies. You can change your cookie browser settings at any time.  

## What are cookies?

A cookie is a small text file passed from your internet browser on to your computer's hard drive, allowing websites to remember who you are when you return. Cookies also track information such as how you arrived on sites, your time of arrival, the pages you viewed and how long you stayed.

[Find out more about cookies](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).

Find out how you can disable World Animal Protection cookies.

## How do we use cookies on our website?

Cookies help World Animal Protection improve our website and make it more efficient for our users. Like many other website providers, we use cookies to make a link between you and the information you have provided to our website.

The information we collect through cookies is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address.

**We use cookies to:**

  * Compile information on how our website is used, which helps improve our website and online services.
  * Help users easily navigate our website.
  * Check whether the website is operating effectively.
  * Personalise and improve the service we offer you by understanding your preferences and establishing which areas of the website are most relevant to you.



World Animal Protection sometimes use third party advertising companies to serve adverts to visitors of our site. These companies may use cookie information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) to provide you with advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.

## Cookies we use

**Domain:** [www.worldanimalprotection.or.ke](https://www.worldanimalprotection.org.uk/)

### Strictly necessary:

These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences or filling in forms. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies (details of how to do this are below), but our website may not work if you disable them.

Java Server Pages (JSP)

This cookie is set when you arrive at our website and is deleted when you close the browser. The cookie identifies the current session. It may be used for logs and system maintenance. 

  * JSESSIONID



Google tag manager

This cookie is associated with loading other scripts and code into a page. Without it, other scripts may not function correctly.

  * _dc_gtm_UA



Drupal

This cookie is generated when your browser opens a page generated by Drupal. It allows Drupal to generate basic functionality depending on what your browser is capable of.  

  * has_js



Engaging Networks and Microsoft

These two session cookies allow you to proceed through donation/payment forms on our website quickly and easily without having to authenticate or reprocess each page. When the browser is closed the cookies are deleted.

  * en_sessionId
  * ASP.NET_SessionID



OneTrust Cookie Consent

These cookies enable our cookies notice and users the opportunity to disable cookies that are not strictly necessary. They are set by the OneTrust Cookie Consent and Website Scanning solution.

  * OptanonConsent
  * OptanonAlertBoxClosed



### Performance Cookies:

Performance cookies help us to understand our visitor's behaviour and allow us to make improvements to better your experience on our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information collected is anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies, we will not know when you have visited our site.

Marketo Munchkin Tracking Pixel

  * _mkto_trk - Measures the effectiveness of our email marketing and tracks page views



Google Analytics

These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They’re widely used across the web.

  * _ga
  * _gat
  * _gat_UA
  * _gid



Hotjar

Hotjar is an analytics and feedback tool that we use to understand how our website is used and improve usability. Hotjar cookies help us track behaviour across pages.

More information on Hotjar: <https://help.hotjar.com/hc/en-us>

  * _hjIncludedInSample



Optimizely

Optimizely is one of our chosen testing solutions. The service is provided by Optimizely, Inc.. The cookies hold short alphanumeric string values to store page variant and experiment data..

  * optimizelyEndUserId
  * optimizelyBuckets
  * optimizelySegmentsoptimizelyPendingLogEvents
  * end_user_id
  * bucket_map
  * _gaexp



TV Squared

These cookies measure the effectiveness of our television advertising by tracking the number of visitors to our site, where users arrived from, pages visited, and timings in relation to TV ad spot air times.

  * __pk_uid
  * _tq_id.TV



VWO

VWO uses cookies to run tests and to track user information. The cookies keep track of the variation a user has viewed and help to serve the same variation to the user consistently; track goals completed by a user; and determine whether a user is a part of a test.

VWO uses the following cookies to track users and test information:

  * _vis_opt_exp_EXPERIMENT_ID_goal_GOAL_ID: This cookie is generated when a goal is created.
  * _vis_opt_test_cookie: This is a temporary session cookie generated to detect if the cookies are enabled on the user browser or not.
  * vis_opt_exp_EXPERIMENT_ID_combi: This cookie is generated when users reach a particular combination. This cookie ensures that users see the same variation that they saw on their previous visit to the page.
  * vis_opt_exp_EXPERIMENT_ID_exclude: This cookie is generated when a user is excluded from a test.
  * vis_opt_exp_EXPERIMENT_ID_split: This cookie is generated during a Split URL test.
  * vis_opt_s: This cookie detects if the user is new or returning to a particular test.
  * vis_opt_out: This cookie indicates that the visitor is not part of the test. This cookie is valid for 10 years.
  * EXPERIMENT ID refers to the ID of the test, and GOAL ID refers to the ID of the goal.
  * vwo_uuid: This cookie generates a unique ID for every visitor and is used for the report segmentation feature in VWO. It also allows you to view data in a more refined manner. If you have a test running on multiple domains, you will notice test-specific UUID values. In the _vis_opt_exp_EXPERIMENT_ID_combi cookie, the Control always has the value of 1, Variation #1 always has the value of 2, Variation #2 has the value of 3, and so on.



### Targeting Cookies:

These cookies are set by our advertising partners. They may be used to understand your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites. They work by uniquely identifying your browser and device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will not experience World Animal Protection’s marketing across different websites.

Google.com & YouTube

These are common Google cookies, used across several of their services. They store user preference and can be used to personalise ads on Google searches as well as verifying Google user account and login times.

For more information please visit: <https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/cookies/>

  * APISID
  * SSID
  * NID
  * PREF
  * SID
  * SAPISID
  * HSID
  * Demographics
  * VISITOR_INFO1_LIVE
  * LOGIN_INFO
  * YSC



Google DoubleClick

These cookies help our advertising to be more efficient. They are used to target marketing based on what’s relevant to the user and to avoid showing the user adverts they have already seen.

  * Id



Conversant Media Solutions

These cookies help us to measure the effectiveness of our advertising and enables us to be more efficient. They are used to target marketing based on what’s relevant to the user and to avoid showing the user adverts they have already seen.

  * DotomiUser
  * cttutcid
  * rts
  * svid



## How to disable cookies

You can update your preferences using the Cookie Settings panel.

If you’re using Microsoft Internet Explorer and you wish to block World Animal Protection’s website cookies, please follow these instructions:

  1. On your browser tools menu, select **Internet Options**
  2. Click on the **Privacy** tab and then on the **Sites** button
  3. Type into the **Address of website** field: **[www.worldanimalprotection.org.uk](http://www.worldanimalprotection.org.uk/)**
  4. Click on the **Block** button
  5. Click on the **OK** button



**On other browsers:**

  * [Firefox cookie management](https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/block-websites-storing-site-preferences?redirectlocale=en-US&redirectslug=Blocking+cookies)
  * [Chrome cookie management](https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647)
  * [Safari cookie management](https://support.apple.com/?path=Safari/3.0/en/9277.html)



Other browsers have similar cookie management abilities in their preferences settings, please refer to your browser's **security settings** or **help facility**.

[More detailed information on disabling cookies](https://www.aboutcookies.org/).

## Privacy policy

Who are "we"?

World Animal Protection is registered as a Charity in England and Wales (Registered Charity 1081849) and as a Company Limited by Guarantee in England and Wales (Registration No. 4029540). The Company has two subsidiary companies: World Animal Protection Trading Company Limited (Registration No. 2880146) and World Animal Protection Executor Service Limited (Registration No. 3106147). The registered office of all these entities is 5th Floor, 222 Gray’s Inn Road, London WC1X 8HB.

In this policy, whenever you see the words ‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’, it refers to both our Charity, the company and the subsidiary companies.

Our International office is in London and we work with World Animal Protection offices around the world. Our offices are linked through collaboration agreements that ensure we work in a unified and consistent way, supporting a strategy developed by staff worldwide.

We use “World Animal Protection Group" in this policy to refer collectively to [all global entities (branches, subsidiaries and affiliates)](https://www.worldanimalprotection.org/contact-us). Our branches, subsidiaries and affiliates must operate to World Animal Protection standards but please make sure that you also check the privacy policy of the relevant national office so that you know how they will use your data.

What information do we collect from you and why?

When you donate, sign one of our petitions, ask to receive our email-newsletter, email or write to us with an enquiry, or interact with us in any other way, World Animal Protection may collect personal information about you, such as your:

  * name
  * email address
  * postal address
  * home telephone number
  * mobile telephone number
  * bank account or payment card details



Where it is appropriate we may also ask you for:

  * your tax payer status (so that we can claim Gift Aid on your donation)
  * your date of birth
  * your opinions on charitable giving and animal welfare issues (for example, to help improve and inform our marketing and campaigns, or understanding your motivation to support us)
  * information relating to your health or dietary requirements (for example, if you are taking part in a sporting fundraising event)



We may also collect details of your visits to our website*, including:

  * location data, web logs
  * resources that you access



*For more details, please see our policy on Cookies.

We may obtain information about you from other sources, such as from:

  * fundraising sites like Just Giving or Virgin Money Giving
  * payroll giving services for charities
  * data cleansing services
  * Telephone, Mailing, and Fundraising Preference Services
  * Royal Mail's National Change of Address Register
  * consumer classification services
  * other public sources (see **Building profiles of supporters** below)



### Children

Persons under the age of 16 are not permitted to enter World Animal Protection's raffle and persons under the age of18 are not permitted to enter World Animal Protection's subscription Weekly Lottery. Underage gambling is an offence and any person found to be underage forfeits the rights to any prize.

How do we use your information?

We use your information:

  * to give you the information, products or services you asked for – such as responding to correspondence you have sent to us, sending you participant information for events you have signed up to, or entering your ticket numbers into our raffle)
  * for internal administrative purposes (such as our accounting and records), and to let you know about changes to our services or policies
  * to receive donations, process payments and collect Gift Aid on your donation
  * to handle orders from our catalogue or shop, deliver products and communicate with you about orders
  * to maintain databases of our volunteers and supporters to keep a record of your relationship with us, including how you prefer to be contacted
  * to recruit and manage employees and volunteers
  * to provide you with information that we think may be of interest to you (see **Direct marketing** below)
  * to carry out research on the demographics, interests and behaviour of our supporters to help us understand how we can improve our services, products or information. Sometimes this information is used to build profiles (see **Building profiles of supporters** below)
  * to help us understand the ways you might prefer to support us or take part in our activities, we may create a profile of your interests. We’ll do this by comparing your details against publicly available information or social media (see **Building profiles of supporters** below)
  * to identify other similar people like you on social media who we believe would be interested in World Animal Protection, and we may then show them World Animal Protection content (see **Facebook and other social media sites** below).



Direct marketing

Direct marketing includes any communications we send you promoting the aims, ideas and work of World Animal Protection, including: news, campaign updates, fundraising appeals and other ways you can support our work.

We will only contact you by email, telephone and SMS if you have given us your consent to do so for direct marketing purposes.

If you have donated to us, pledged to leave a gift in your Will or have supported one of our campaigns within the last three years, we may use your postal address (if you supplied it to us) to send you occasional information about our work that we believe may interest you, including our magazine, annual catalogue and vital fundraising appeals to help fight cruelty and suffering.

In order to run our Weekly Lottery, World Animal Protection is subject to various legal and regulatory obligations and standards. It’s our legal obligation to ensure our Lottery is not subject to underage gambling. If you are part of our Weekly Lottery, we therefore will process your personal information using third party software verify your age. Age verification checks may leave a soft footprint in your credit history.

You can opt out of receiving direct marketing from us at any time. Simply follow the ‘unsubscribe’ links on our emails, call us on **0800 316 9966** or email [hello@worldanimalprotection.org.uk](mailto:hello@worldanimalprotection.org.uk).

Building profiles of supporters

We use profiling techniques to ensure our communications are relevant and timely. We track the types of animal welfare topics that you respond to, and the frequency and value of your support. When inviting you to make a subsequent donation we may take your previous giving history into account to aid personalisation and help ensure we’re not asking you to donate an amount that is inappropriate. We may use additional information from third party sources, including consumer classification tools that use postcodes to segment the UK population, to tailor our communications to you better.

We are grateful for all donations we receive, of any amount. In certain circumstances, we may research information about individuals to understand how likely it is that they will be interested in supporting our work and how we can match them with campaigns that align with their interests. In a small number of cases, this includes research to gain a better understanding of potential supporters who may be able and willing to give more than they already do. This enables us to personalise our funding requests and to raise more funds, sooner, and more cost-effectively, than we otherwise would. This “prospect” research is carried out in house and is compiled using publicly available information, for example, news items that mention other charities an individual has supported, addresses, listed directorships, typical earnings or house prices in a given area. We carry out special assessments, called data protection impact assessments, to ensure prospect research doesn’t undermine the rights of individuals.

Gifts in Wills

We have a legal entitlement to any gifts left in Wills to our charity and are accountable to the Charity Commission under Charity Law to ensure the money is received and used according to their charitable purposes. To fulfil these obligations, we may need to use personal data of living individuals, for example to write a letter to the executor to communicate about the administration of the estate.

**Where do we collect personal data from?**

  * Executors, Trustees, solicitors and any other professional third party instructed in the legacy administration process.
  * Third parties, such as the Smee & Ford notification service
  * Copies of wills either provided by Executors, Trustees or other professionals acting in the administration, or publicly available online.
  * Other co-beneficiary charities that have a similar interest to us under the will
  * The public domain



**Whose personal data we collect?**

  * Employees of organisations that we need to communicate with during the administration process including charity legacy officers, solicitor employees, estate agents etc. 
  * Executors of the estate and Trustees of Will Trusts, who may be family or friends of the donor, or a professional advisor such as a solicitor, accountant or banker.
  * Other individuals named as beneficiaries in a will, including those who have a life interest in an ongoing Will Trust.



**What data do we collect for gifts in Wills?**

  * Name and address
  * Telephone, email, internet, fax or other electronic communication details were provided to us.
  * Co-beneficiaries’ level of entitlement to any gifts or share of an estate in which we receive a benefit.
  * We do not collect sensitive personal information such as health status, ethnicity, religion or sexual orientation for example, unless it can be proven to be pertinent to the legacy case and there is a clear reason for doing so.



**What lawful basis do we collect this information on?**

  * Where the data subject has provided their consent
  * Where the processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation
  * Where necessary for the purpose of legitimate interests pursued by the charity in relation to estate administration



**How do we use gifts in Wills data?**

  * We will only use personal information for the purposes of the legacy administration process, the purposes for which it was obtained. For example, where our relationship with an executor or next of kin is solely related to the legacy administration process, we will not use personal data to send marketing (campaigning or fundraising) communications without express consent.
  * We only share your information internally where it is directly relevant to those who need to know, when they need to know it.
  * We may need to share your information with ‘data processors’ such as associated organisations and agents who provide us with a legacy administration service. These ‘data processors’ will only act under our instruction for use and security of your data.
  * We may need to share your information with other charity beneficiaries who have a similar interest to our own in the interest of estate administration only.



**How do we store gifts in wills data?**

  * Personal data is stored on our electronic legacy database with restricted access. Any paperwork containing personal data is kept to a minimum, locked away when not in use and securely destroyed when no longer needed.
  * Personal data is held for as long as is necessary to ensure our legal entitlement is administered without challenge. Some legacy administration cases can be ongoing for long periods, for example in a life interest case where we have an interest in an asset that someone else is entitled to live in during their lifetime. There may be some cases where a longer retention period is required, for example where the charity has an ongoing duty to comply with conditions attached to the gift.



Facebook and other social media sites

Where you have given your consent for us to use your email address or phone number for marketing, we may use this information to match to your account on Facebook or other social media sites to show you World Animal Protection content while you use these services. We keep your data secure by encrypting it and no data we hold about you is retained by the third party.

In addition, we may also use your email address or phone number to link to Facebook or other social media sites to identify other users of these sites who we believe would be interested in World Animal Protection, and we may then show them World Animal Protection content. No data we hold about you is retained by the third party when we do this.

If you would prefer for us not to use your personal data in this way, you can either contact us to opt out of phone or email (call us on 0800 316 9966 or email [hello@worldanimalprotection.org.uk](mailto:hello@worldanimalprotection.org.uk)) or you can [follow these instructions to alter your settings on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217).

Please note that this will not guarantee that you never see World Animal Protection content on social media, since the social media site may decide to show you content based on other criteria and without your data having been provided by World Animal Protection.

Who might we share your information with?

We will not sell or swap your information to or with any third party.

Your information, including emails and other correspondence, may be passed internally within the World Animal Protection Group to ensure you are connected with the most appropriate resources. This is usually to connect you with your local World Animal Protection office. This may involve your personal data moving outside the European Economic Area (EEA). When this happens, we ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your personal information and to keep it secure. If appropriate safeguards do not exist we will only transfer your personal data with your explicit consent, after informing you of the possible risks of such transfer.

We sometimes use trusted third parties to process your information on our behalf because it is more economical to outsource some processing than to do it in house. The kind of work we may ask them to do includes: processing, packaging, mailing and delivering orders, sending postal mail, fundraising by telephone, text or face-to-face, carrying out research or analysis, data cleansing and processing card payments. These third parties are bound by contract requiring them to keep your details safe and secure, and to use your information only to fulfil the service we have specifically asked them to provide. When they no longer need your data to fulfil this service, we ask them to dispose of your details securely, in line with our procedures.

Otherwise, we will only share your information when obliged to disclose it by law, or the disclosure is ‘necessary’ for purposes of national security, taxation and criminal investigation, or if we have your consent.

How long do you keep my information for and where is it stored?

The length of time that we store your information may vary depending upon the type of information it is, the reasons that we need to use it or other factors, like legal requirements. For example, we are required by law to keep declarations and store all records of Gift Aid transactions for at least six years in case of an audit. We regularly review the personal information that we store, including our paper records, so that we only store it for as long as we need to.

Some of our electronic storage systems are located outside the European Economic Area (EEA). We may transfer your personal information to other offices in the World Animal Protection Group and to other trusted third party organisations as explained in this policy. They may be situated or use computers and storage systems that are located outside the EEA. Where data is transferred or stored outside the EEA, we ensure that safeguards are in place to protect your information.

We have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of personal data. For example, our employees are only authorised to see and use the personal data they need to see to do their jobs and we use secure server software (SSL) to encrypt financial and personal information you input before it is sent to us. While we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of data will not occur while it is under our control, we use our best efforts to try to prevent this.

How can I control my personal information?

Your personal information belongs to you and we want you to feel in control of it. Here’s how you can exercise your rights.

You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. Please put your request in writing to the Data Protection Coordinator, World Animal Protection, 5th Floor, 222 Gray’s Inn Road, London WC1X 8HB, together with two forms of identification (current passport (the page with your personal details); driving licence; birth certificate; utility bill from last 3 months; current vehicle registration document; bank statement from last 3 months; rent book from last 3 months. We don’t store this identification. It’s used solely to verify the requester’s identity.) It’s helpful if you explain what particular records you’re seeking, but you don’t have to say.

You have a right to ask us to correct data that we hold about you that is inaccurate or incomplete. To do this, please send details of the changes you want us to make to [hello@worldanimalprotection.org.uk](mailto:hello@worldanimalprotection.org.uk) or call us on 0800 316 9966 or email. We may ask you to quote your supporter number or ask for another form of identification.

In certain circumstances you can ask for the data we hold about you to be erased from our records or transferred to another organisation. Where certain conditions apply, you have a right to ask us to restrict the processing of your personal information. You also have the right to object to certain types of processing such as direct marketing (see **Direct marketing** section above) or automated processing or profiling.

If you would like further information on your rights or wish to exercise them, please write to our Data Protection Coordinator, World Animal Protection, 5th Floor, 222 Gray’s Inn Road, London WC1X 8HB or email [privacy@worldanimalprotection.org.uk](mailto:privacy@worldanimalprotection.org). If we are unable to fulfil your request, we will provide you with a reason as to why.

How do I make a complaint?

If you wish to make a complaint about how your personal data is being processed by World Animal Protection (or any third parties we use to help process your data), or how your complaint has been handled, please see our [complaints policy.](https://www.worldanimalprotection.org.uk/about/policies/complaints-policy)

You have the right to lodge a complaint directly with the [Information Commissioner's Office](https://ico.org.uk/concerns/).

Other websites

Our website may contain links to other websites that are outside our control and are not covered by this privacy policy. If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.

Changes to this policy

Any changes we make to this privacy policy will be posted on this page, so please check it regularly. When we make significant changes, we’ll notify you..
