> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the worldcrunch.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170613115745id_/http%3A//www.worldcrunch.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Worldcrunch - The best international journalism. Finally in English.

Worldcrunch is committed to protecting your privacy. We won’t share your information with anyone without prior explicit consent from you.

We respect your email privacy. We may occasionally email you with updates to the site, FAQs about registration or other related matters.

**Cookies**

We use internet cookies and web beacons to collect statistical data about activity on the website, to speed site navigation and recognize your access rights on the site.

As described by cookie central: <http://www.cookiecentral.com/c_concept.htm>  

Cookies are pieces of information generated by a Web server and stored in the user’s computer, ready for future access. Cookies are embedded in the HTML information flowing back and forth between the user’s computer and the servers. Cookies were implemented to allow user-side customization of web information. For example, cookies are used to personalize web search engines, to allow users to participate in WWW-wide contests, and to store shopping lists of items a user has selected while browsing through a virtual shopping mall.  

Essentially, cookies make use of user-specific information transmitted by the Web server onto the user’s computer so that the information might be available for later access by itself or other servers. In most cases, not only does the storage of personal information into a cookie go unnoticed, so does access to it. Web servers automatically gain access to relevant cookies whenever the user establishes a connection to them, usually in the form of web requests.  

The cookies created by Worldcrunch only relate to your use of the Worldcrunch site and have no other use on your computer.

Web beacons support the delivery of cookies and help determine the number of times a page on the site has been viewed.

**Logfiles**

Like most other websites, our Web server automatically recognizes the Internet address from which you access the site. We may also log your IP (Internet Protocol) address, referring site and date and timestamp for system administration, troubleshooting and internal marketing purposes.  

**Security of your information**

We maintain tight controls over all the data we collect, retaining it in firewalled and secured databases with strictly limited and controlled access to ensure it is secure. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password that enables you to access certain Worldcrunch features, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential.  

Please remember that unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is never completely secure. So although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted via Worldcrunch; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.

**Links to other websites**

We will provide links to other (third-party) websites as part of the services we provide on this site. Worldcrunch is not responsible for the content of these external websites, nor for their privacy policies.

**Changes to privacy policy**

When we change our privacy policy we will post the changes here. If the changes are significant, we may email all our registered users with the new details.

**Data Protection in France**

More information on data privacy rights is available directly from the French Data Protection Commissioner. Here's the English version:  <http://www.cnil.fr/english/> 

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, please feel free to contact us at  [info@worldcrunch.com](mailto:info@worldcrunch.com).
