> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the worldpokertour.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071217080838id_/http%3A//www.worldpokertour.com/company/%3Fx%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# World Poker Tour - WPT Poker Shows, Pros, and Fans!

|  | 

## Privacy Policy

It is the goal of the World Poker Tour™ ("WPT") to bring you information that is tailored to your individual needs and, at the same time, protect your privacy. The following is a summary of the various ways we treat the information you provide us while using our website. This Privacy Policy applies to all WPT websites (unless a different policy is provided on a particular site, in which case such policy shall control).

**The Type of Information WPT Collects:**  
Although parts of our website do not require you to be a subscriber and you can use them without submitting any personally identifiable information, some areas do require you to register and provide information that enables us to identify who you are. WPT generally collects personally identifying information with your specific knowledge and consent. For instance, when you enter a sweepstakes, complete a survey, make a purchase, subscribe to our newsletter or register for any portion of our services, you are asked to provide information such as your e-mail address, name or phone number. Additional information such as your age may also be requested, and may be used to verify your eligibility to win sweepstakes. Other information, such as gender, may also be requested. For Younger Visitors and Their Parents. WPT is not directed toward children (individuals under thirteen years of age). We do not permit registration or use of the WPT by anyone under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. In particular, if you are under 13 years of age, you should not provide any personally identifiable information to any site on the Internet without the knowledge and permission of your parent or guardian. Minors between the ages of 13 and 17 must get the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) before making purchases on, or subscribing to, this website.

**How WPT Uses the Information You Provide:**  
WPT uses this information to provide you with the service you have requested. If you subscribe to our newsletter, we may use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice and your e-mail address to send you your newsletter. Similarly, if you enter an online sweepstakes, we will use this information to notify you if you are a winner. We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, products or services, or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs. From time to time, WPT may share e-mail address and sell or share all other information with our affiliates and with carefully selected companies who we think can offer you services and products of interest to you. If you do not wish to have your information shared, write to us at registration@worldpokertour.com. If you do not wish to receive communications from us, simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the e-mail, or write to registration@worldpokertour.com. We also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services, such as technical maintenance or forums software, but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services. And if you choose to purchase items through features on our site, we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card processing and order fulfillment. There are also times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the site that are managed or participated in by third parties, such as our featured partners. In such cases, the information may be used by us and by such third party(ies), each pursuant to its own policies. We may also provide your information to our advertisers, so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests. While WPT will seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies, WPT does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties. There may also be occasion when we are legally required to provide access to our database in order to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings. In those instances, the information is provided only for that purpose.

**Cookies:**  
You may have read about "cookies," nuggets of information that are placed by a website in a storage place on your own computer. From time to time, we may use cookies to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns on our website, to deliver editorial content, and to record registration and personalization information. The cookies themselves do not contain personally identifiable information, but they may enable us to collect information about your visits to our Services and such information may be shared with our affiliated companies. Some of our advertisers occasionally serve you cookies as well. We do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers. If you don't want cookies, your Web browser likely includes an option that allows you to not accept them. However, please bear in mind that if you set your browser to refuse cookies, some portions of WPT may not function properly. While your individual information is protected as outlined above, we reserve the right to use aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group for any business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers and partners.

**IP Address:**  
Your Internet Protocol ("IP") address is usually associated with the place from which you enter the Internet, like your Internet Service Provider, your company or your university. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, gather broad demographic information, and administer our website. If you have concerns or questions about any aspect of this Policy, you may e-mail our Privacy Policy Coordinator at registration@worldpokertour.com. We welcome your feedback. You can also send us regular mail at the following address:

Privacy Administrator  
WPT Enterprises, Inc.  
5700 Wilshire Boulevard  
Suite 350  
Los Angeles, CA 90036

This Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time; the date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page, so check back often. Continued access of WPT by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Privacy Policy.  
  
---|---
