> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the worthytales.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180513072846id_/http%3A//www.worthytales.net/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Worthy Tales

## Privacy Policy

As fellow Internet users ourselves, we totally respect your online privacy. So it goes without saying that we at are fully committed to safeguarding your online privacy while you’re here at the worthytoshare website. And that’s precisely why we have decided to include the following, which discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. Log Files Like most standard websites, this website uses log files. These include: Internet Protocol addresses (IP addresses), browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and the number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement in the aggregate, and to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc., are not linked to personally identifiable information. Web Cookies and Beacons Web cookies (also known as HTTP cookies, or just cookies) are parcels of text that are sent by a server to a Web browser, and then sent back unchanged by the browser each time it accesses that server. In other words, a cookie is a piece of data stored on a user’s computer that is tied to information about the user. Web beacons are objects that are embedded in a webpage or email that are invisible to the user, but allow checking that a user has viewed the page or email. Other names are web bug, tracking bug, tag or page tag. This website does use cookies. Additionally, some of our business partners (for example, advertisers) may use cookies and web beacons as well. This site has no access to, or control of advertisers’ web cookies or web beacons. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. Please check your browser’s help section for instructions on how to do this. Links This website contains links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites. We encourage you, when you leave this website, to read the privacy policy (or privacy statement) of each and every website you visit, as this particular privacy policy applies solely to this particular website. Advertisers We use outside advertising networks and companies in order to display ads on this site. These ads may contain cookies and/or web beacons in order to collect data in the ad serving process. These such cookies and/or web beacons are collected by the companies and/or advertising networks, themselves. We do not have any access to this information. We currently work with several advertising networks and companies. If you have any questions, please check their websites for their respective privacy policies. Webmaster Contact Information If you have any questions or suggestions regarding the http://www.worthytales.net privacy policy, please feel free to contact us at:  info@worthytales.net 
