> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ingentaconnect.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150319232740id_/http%3A//www.ingentaconnect.com/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# IngentaConnect Help Pages: ingentaconnect

[Home](https://web.archive.org/ "home") / IngentaConnect Help Pages 

## Privacy of Information

In order to help you (individuals, institutions and companies) make use of subscriptions to publications that you have taken out, and to make use of certain other services and increase ease of use, we need to ask you to provide us with some information. Any information you give us will be treated as confidential.

Your individual personal details will not be passed on to any third party without your consent. You may review and change the information we store about you on the ingentaconnect web site by signing in and going to Personal Details.

If you sign up to receive New Issue Alerts your email address will be shared with the publisher(s) of the journal(s) you have chosen. Your email address will not be shared with any other third parties without your consent.

We may share information about usage of our web site with reputable third-party companies for the purpose of targeting our advertisements on this site and other sites we host. For this purpose we, and our third-party companies, may note some of the pages you visit on our web site. The information collected by any third-party company is not personally identifiable.

Email sent to us may not be secure. If you choose to send us an email message we may retain the content of the email, your email address and our response, and it becomes the property of ingentaconnect.

## Use of cookies

Cookies are small files, created while using a site, that enable additional functionality. They perform various functions such as saving your password, listing potential purchases in a shopping cart and saving your preferences, and are a required feature to support such personalization features on ingentaconnect. Your browser is probably set to accept Cookies, but if you prefer not to receive Cookies you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse them. You can use our site without Cookies enabled as long as you do not want to register, sign in, or use any of the personalization features.

ingentaconnect uses cookies in several ways.

ingentaconnect uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above

When you visit ingentaconnect, you may view advertisements posted on the site by Google or other companies. These advertising companies may collect information about you while you are visiting this website and other websites. They may use this data to show you advertisements on this website and elsewhere on the Internet about products and services you might like. You may be able to opt out of such advertising. To find out more about Google, its DoubleClick DART cookie, and to opt out of  its interest-based advertising, click this link: <http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/> Your use of this website without opting out means that you understand and agree to data collection to provide you with interest-based advertising. Publishing Technology also uses this cookie to anonymously determine, what ads have been viewed, where they were located and to limit the number of times a user sees that ad.

## Linked sites

ingentaconnect provides links to a variety of other Internet resources. These sites are not governed by this privacy policy and users are encouraged to view the privacy policy of such other web sites before using or providing any information to the site.

## Modifications

ingentaconnect encourages users of ingentaconnect to review the ingentaconnect Privacy Policy Statement periodically for updates. ingentaconnect reserves the right to change its privacy policies at any time. Changes are effective when posted to this site.

#### Access Key

Free content 

New content 

Open access content 

Subscribed content 

Free trial content 
