> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the inglife.co.in privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209042548id_/http%3A//www.inglife.co.in/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ING Life Insurance - Privacy Policy

The User of this website specifically acknowledges and agrees that IVL will not be liable for any illegal and/or slanderous conduct of any person. IVL’s website sometimes requires Users to give personal information in order to do things like access webcasts, download documents, participate in online surveys, or to provide feedback. In situations like these, where Users are accessing the website, IVL recognizes Users interest in the product or service and considers that to be "opting in" to allow IVL and appropriate business partners of IVL to contact Users with information, special offers, or promotional materials in the future. IVL may transfer Users personal information to or share it with the business partner only for future marketing, development of new products, customer service, delivery of products, aftercare service and related activities thereof. If the User does not wish to be contacted, the User is requested to intimate IVL accordingly. 

IVL may also collect information in other ways, such as running quizzes, contests or any other program on IVL’s site or otherwise, in which IVL will ask the User for contact information (like postal and email address), unique identifiers (like password), and demographic information (like occupation). If User does not wish to be contacted, IVL requests that the User does not participate in these promotions.s

IVL may share the information provided by the User with any other person(s) including its affiliates, business partners, re-insurers, and other third parties such as service providers. In addition, should the law or an authority require to do so, IVL may disclose any information provided by the User in the website, as required. Further, IVL will release personal information to (i) enforce or apply IVL agreements, (ii) protect IVL rights and property; and (iii) protect integrity or safety of IVL and this site.

It is specifically agreed that IVL shall be entitled to compile and analyze such information on an aggregated basis for its purposes. In pursuance of the same, IVL shall be entitled to prepare from such information such documentation, graphs or figures that it may think necessary for its purposes which may include, among others, preparation of feasibility studies, marketing or distribution methods and processes, customer lists, current and anticipated privacy requirements, commission structure, market studies, business plans, financial projections and budgets, projected profits, names and backgrounds of personnel and personnel training techniques and materials.
