> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the foliohd.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-04-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160409103936id_/https%3A//foliohd.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Online Portfolios for Photographers, Models, Architects + more - FolioHD

**Your privacy is critically important to us. At Habitual Development, we have a few fundamental principles:**

  * We don't ask you for personal information unless we truly need it. (We can't stand services that ask you for things like your gender or income level for no apparent reason.) 

  * We don't share your personal information with anyone except to comply with the law, develop our products, or protect our rights. 

  * We don't store personal information on our servers unless required for the on-going operation of one of our services. 

  * In our portfolio products, we aim to make it as simple as possible for you to control what's visible to the public, seen by search engines, kept private, and permanently deleted. 




Habitual Development, LLC ("Habitual Development") operates several websites including [foliohd.com](http://foliohd.com/). It is Habitual Development's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.

**Website Visitors.** Like most website operators, Habitual Development collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Habitual Development's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Habitual Development's visitors use its website. From time to time, Habitual Development may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. 

Habitual Development also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Habitual Development does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below. 

**Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information.** Certain visitors to Habitual Development's websites choose to interact with Habitual Development in ways that require Habitual Development to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Habitual Development gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. Those who engage in transactions with Habitual Development are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Habitual Development collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Habitual Development. Habitual Development does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities. 

**Aggregated Statistics.** Habitual Development may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Habitual Development may monitor the most popular portfolios on the FolioHD.com site. Habitual Development may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Habitual Development does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. 

**Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information.** Habitual Development discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Habitual Development's behalf or to provide services available at Habitual Development's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Habitual Development's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Habitual Development will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Habitual Development discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Habitual Development believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Habitual Development, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Habitual Development website and have supplied your email address, Habitual Development may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Habitual Development and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Habitual Development takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information. 

**Cookies.** A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Habitual Development uses cookies to help Habitual Development identify and track visitors, their usage of Habitual Development website, and their website access preferences. Habitual Development visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Habitual Development's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Habitual Development's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. 

**Ads.** Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Habitual Development and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. 

**Privacy Policy Changes.** Although most changes are likely to be minor, Habitual Development may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Habitual Development's sole discretion. Habitual Development encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. If you have a FolioHD.com account, you should also check your portfolio's dashboard for alerts to these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change. 

_Last updated: 2/2014 _

If you have questions about accessing or correcting your personal data please [contact our support team](https://web.archive.org/contact). 
