> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the foliomag.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121229152801id_/http%3A//www.red7media.com/privacypolicy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Red 7 Media

This Privacy Policy describes the online information collection and use practices of the web sites operated by **Red7Media** and its divisions and affiliates at which this Privacy Policy is posted, which includes but is not limited to the following web sites: FOLIOMAG.com, Circman.com, Eventmarketer.com, Eventdesignmag.com, Folioshows.com, Foliosummit.com and Red7media’s Events Online. 

This Privacy Policy is current as of October 1, 2005. If we make any substantive changes to this policy, we will announce it on our web sites and, if you have provided us with contact information, we will also send you a notice to the email or physical address we have on file for you. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, contact us at [ privacy@red7media.com](mailto:privacy@red7media.com). Once the changes have been made, your continued use of the site will constitute your acceptance of the revised Policy. If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy, we may be reached via email at [ privacy@red7media.com](mailto:privacy@red7media.com), via fax at 203-854-6730, or by writing to us at **Red7Media** ; ATTN: SITE ADMINISTRATOR; 33 South Main St., Norwalk, CT 06854.

**What information does Red7Media collect and how is it used?**

Our sites collect information volunteered by you in several areas, including newsletter sign up pages, site registrations, and web site surveys. The information we request for you to participate in these features may include personally identifiable information such as name, address, telephone and fax numbers, and email address, as well as "demographic" information such as your hobbies or personal preferences. We will tell you at the time we collect information whether the information requested is necessary for you to participate in a particular feature. 

The information we collect is used to respond to your specific requests, to send you periodic information and special offers from **Red7Media** and our sponsors, to provide you with updates on **Red7Media** offerings and features, to provide you with product information from manufacturers in our database, to provide notice of changes to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, and to provide our sponsors with aggregate data about our users. The information you provide is also used to understand users' interests and behavior, and may be combined with information **Red7Media** may have from other online or offline sources.

**Red7Media** uses cookies to identify registered web site users and to automatically give them access to "member only" content areas such as articles and reports, and to provide them with access to previously-stored information. **Red7Media** also uses cookies to estimate our audience size and usage patterns and to track the aggregate number of customer returns at our web site. Finally, **Red7Media** uses cookies to help simplify the process of filling out certain forms on our web sites that allow you to request information from manufactures in our catalog and/or our advertisers. You can choose whether or not you accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. However, certain parts of our web sites may not work if you turn off cookies on your browser. 

**With whom does Red7Media share your information?**

**Red7Media** shares your information with its affiliates and business partners, including agents such as third party mail processing facilities. We may employ contractors to help with our operations. Some or all of these contractors may access the databases of user information. These contractors are and will be subject to confidentiality agreements that restrict their use and disclosure of all information they obtain through their relationship with **Red7Media**.  When sharing your information with these third parties, **Red7Media** requires that the third parties follow practices substantially similar to those of **Red7Media** , and that your information not be further shared with any other third parties. **Red7Media** will also share your information if required by law to do so, to comply with applicable laws or valid legal process, or to protect the rights or property of **Red7Media**. Additionally, if part or some of our assets are purchased by a third party, **Red7Media** will share your information with the purchaser of all or part of our assets.

If you use our "tell a friend" service to email one of our articles, reports or product descriptions to a friend or colleague, **Red7Media** will automatically send this person a one-time email, attaching to the email the content you wished for your friend to receive. Your email address will appear on the "From" line of this email, thereby disclosing this information to whoever opens and reads the email. The email address of you or your friend or colleague will not be stored in our databases based on this service. 

**Red7Media** may provide users with the opportunity to request additional information from product manufacturers in our online directory or from our advertisers. If you specifically request information from a manufacturer or from one of our advertisers, your contact information will be given to that manufacturer or advertiser, to allow them to decide the best way to fulfill your request.

**What options do you have about how Red7Media uses or shares your information?**

If you no longer wish for us to share your mailing address or other contact information with our sponsors or other third parties in whose products or services we believe you may be interested, please send us an email at [ donotdisclose@red7media.com](mailto:donotdisclose@red7media.com). For us to be able to locate your record, your email must include your name, mailing address, email address, and must identify the Red7Media product, event, or service for which you are registered. Your request will be processed within 10 days, and we will no longer share your contact information with third parties. Please note that we will not be able to stop third parties from sending you information about their products or services if your information was shared with them before we received your request. 

Regarding email specifically, you have the opportunity to elect to stop receiving advertising messages from **Red7Media** about our products or services each time you receive such a communication from us. To unsubscribe from such advertising email messages, please follow the directions included in that email message. Your request will be processed within 10 days. Please note that during that time, you may continue to receive email messages from **Red7Media** about its products or services. Additionally, regardless of whether you have unsubscribed from receiving advertising and promotional material from **Red7Media** , you will continue to receive transactional information from us, such as information relating to your account or payment or bill information.

If you receive HW Offers, broadcast email messages we send about third party manufacturers in whose products or services we believe you may be interested, and no longer wish to receive such messages, you can do so by following the directions included in the HW Offer you receive. 

**What Kind of Security Measures Does Red7Media Use?**

Information you provide to us is stored on secure database servers. Any profile pages that display your personal data is password-protected. We recommend that you do not share your passwords with anyone. **Red7Media** will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. Also, if you are using a computer that others have access to, such as one in a computer lab, Internet cafe or public library, always remember to log out and close your browser window when leaving our site. 

**Links to non-Red7Media web sites**

Many of our web sites contain links to web sites owned and operated by unaffiliated third parties. These links are provided as a service to you, and do not constitute **Red7Media** 's endorsement or support of the third party web sites. The third parties who operate these sites have their own information collection and use practices, and **Red7Media** is not responsible for either the privacy practices or the content of these sites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of each site before providing your personal information, and to contact the providers directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.
