> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the followcn.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190508123156id_/http%3A//www.followcn.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Broadcast China

Here in Followcn.com we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This policy (together with our Terms of Use and any other documents referred to in it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.

### Information we may collect from you

We may collect and process the following data about you:

1.1 Information that you provide by filling in forms on any of our websites which shall include without limitation the following: www.Followcn.com (“the Website”). This includes information provided at the time of registering to use the Website(s), subscribing to our service, posting material or requesting further services. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with the Website(s).

1.2 If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence.

1.3 We may also ask you to complete surveys that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.

1.4 Details of your visits to the Website(s) including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access.

### IP addresses and cookies

2.1 We may collect information about your computer, including where available your IP address, operating system and browser type, for system 2 administration. This is statistical data about our users’ browsing actions and patterns, and does not identify any individual.

2.2 For the same reason, we may obtain information about your general internet usage by using cookies. Cookies are small software files, typically consisting of numbers and letters, which are placed by a website onto the computer, telephone or other device used to access that website.

2.3 We will place cookies onto any computer, telephone or other device you use to access the Website(s) (“Device”). These cookies will enable information to be;

2.3.1 stored on your Device; and 2.3.2 sent to and from the Website(s) and your Device. 2.3.3 Cookies help us to improve the Website(s) and to deliver a better and more personalized service. They enable us to: 2.3.4 estimate our audience size and usage pattern; 2.3.5 store information about your preferences, and so allow us to customize the Website(s) according to your individual interests; 2.3.6 speed up your searches; and 2.3.7 recognize you when you return to the Website(s).

2.4 We operate a self-service affiliate platform, which allows Affiliates to secure and drive traffic to offers and products chosen by Advertisers. The Affiliates must place special tracking links on their website when they choose which offers to promote. This enables people to click on the link and be directed to the website of the online retailer via one of our web servers. Affiliates earn commission on the basis of the sales generated by the advertisements they display. As part of our business, we calculate the commission that is earned by recording which affiliates have generated sales for which advertisers. To do this, our web server uses cookies to record when a visitor of a website publisher clicks on a link to the online retailer. However, these cookies are not placed on any of your Devices by any of our Websites.

2.5 You may refuse to accept cookies by refusing to accept the terms and conditions of some of the Websites; or by activating the setting on your internet browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies; however, if you do not accept cookies you may be unable to access certain parts of the Website(s).

2.6 If you wish to withdraw your consent, you must notify us immediately and stop accessing the Website(s).

2.7 If you want to delete the cookies on your Device, you should consult the Help function of your internet browser.

2.8 Please note that our advertisers and affiliates may also use cookies, over which we have no control.

### Where we store your personal data

3.1 The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and be stored at, a destination outside your country area. It may also be processed by staff operating outside your country who may work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff maybe engaged in, among other things the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.

3.2 Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of the Website(s), you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.

3.3 Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to the Website(s); any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access.

### Uses made of the information

4.1 We use information held about you in the following ways:

4.1.1 to ensure that content from the Website(s) is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.

4.1.2 to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you, where you have consented to be contacted for such purposes.

4.1.3 to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.

4.1.4 to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, when you choose to do so.

4.1.5 to notify you about changes to our service.

4.1.6 in any way we deem appropriate to contact you regarding your account to use of the account.

4.2 We may also use your data, or permit selected third parties to use your data, to provide you with information about goods and services which may be of interest to you and we or they may contact you about these by post or telephone.

4.3 If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.

### Disclosure of your information

5.1 We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries from time to time.

5.2 We may disclose your personal information to third parties:

5.2.1 In the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.

5.2.2 If Followcn or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.

5.2.3 If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our Terms & Conditions and or any other agreements between you and us, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Followcn. our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. This may include disclosing personal information to a credit reference agency, who may keep a record of that information.

### Your rights

6.1 You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data.

6.2 Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or for any of the personal data which may be collected from you under these policies by such third parties. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.

Latest revision Jan. 2017
