> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the deneysreitz.co.za privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111125194221id_/http%3A//www.deneysreitz.co.za/legal-notices-and-disclaimers/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Norton Rose Group - Privacy and cookies policy

This privacy and cookies policy sets out how Norton Rose LLP, Norton Rose Australia, Norton Rose OR LLP and Norton Rose South Africa (incorporated as Deneys Reitz Inc) and their affiliates **"Norton Rose Group"** from time to time may use personal information that you provide to us, or we obtain through this website [nortonrose.com](http://www.nortonrose.com/), and other normal channels.

Norton Rose LLP is a data controller registered at the UK Data Protection Register (registration number Z9462124).

Throughout the Norton Rose Group we will process personal information provided by you in accordance with this privacy policy and data protection standards equivalent to the UK Data Protection Act 1998 or higher standards where required by applicable law.

Where you provide us with, or we obtain, your personal information (through this website or through other channels), we will normally keep your details on a database.  In relation to certain uses, the database may be accessed by certain of our offices and/or agents and contractors, including those located outside the European Economic Area (EEA) or your particular jurisdiction where the level of legal protection for your personal data may not be as comprehensive as in the EEA.  In such circumstances we shall ensure compliance with the data protection standards set out above at all times.

 We may use your personal information for the following purposes:

  * contacting you with publications and invitations to events and seminars that may be of interest to you (you may opt out/unsubscribe from such communications at any time by emailing [privacypolicy@nortonrose.com](mailto:privacypolicy@nortonrose.com) and putting "Unsubscribe" in the subject line together with the name of the publication you wish to unsubscribe from. All our marketing communications include an “unsubscribe” link).
  * to process any job application you may make to us (including any sensitive personal information you provide such as relating to your state of health or racial background)
  * in the course of the provision and administration of legal services in which you are involved
  * where necessary and appropriate, to prevent fraud, ascertain credit worthiness and trace debtors
  * to verify the identity of new clients (and in certain circumstances existing clients) and to comply with anti-money laundering regulations applicable to us
  * where required to do so by law or to meet the requirements of a regulator
  * where we merge, combine or divest a part of our business, we may pass your details to the prospective entity except where prohibited from doing so by law or professional rules applicable to us



We may provide further details to you about information about you that we collect or uses that we may make of your personal information either at the collection point or through changes to this privacy policy.

If your personal information changes or you no longer wish to receive a particular communication from us please let us know and we will correct, update or remove your details. This can be done by emailing privacypolicy@nortonrose.com.

### Cookies

Norton Rose Group websites use Google Analytics to help analyse how users use the site.  This analytical tool uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form.  The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google.  This information is then used to evaluate visitor’s use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for the Norton Rose Group.

Norton Rose Group will not (and will not allow any third party) to use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source as part of our use of the Google statistical analytics tool. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. [Further information identifying the name of, uses of information collected by, and expiry dates of the Google Analytics cookies used by the Norton Rose Group’s websites](http://code.google.com/apis/analytics/docs/concepts/gaConceptsCookies.html#HowGAUsesCookies).

[These cookies can be rejected or deleted by following the instructions for your browser set out here.](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/)

##### Privacy & cookies policy does not cover third party websites

Please note that this privacy and cookies policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of third party websites which may be linked to this website.

##### Agreement to terms of privacy & cookies policy

By using this website and/or providing your personal information to us, you consent to the collection and use of personal data by us set out in this privacy and cookies policy.
