> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dentons.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160628093143id_/http%3A//www.dentons.com/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Dentons - Privacy policy

**April 1, 2014**

The privacy of your personal data is important to Dentons.This notice (the “Policy”) describes Dentons’ privacy policy as it pertains to the website located at dentons.com (the “Website”). By using the Website, you are acknowledging and accepting this Privacy Policy.

  1. **Information We Collect**. Dentons may ask for and collect from you personally identifiable and other information at certain points throughout the Website. Depending on the information and/or services you request, you may be asked to provide your name, email address and other information. In addition to the information you knowingly provide, Dentons collects the domain names and IP addresses of its visitors, along with usage statistics (e.g., types of web browsers and operating systems used) and browsing history. This data is used to more efficiently operate Dentons’ business, promote our services and administer the Website. Dentons may combine this information with the personally identifiable and other information it collects.

Dentons also collects any information you may choose to provide in your communications with us. Please do not send us any confidential information until we have confirmed in writing that we represent or act for you. Unsolicited emails from non-clients do not establish a lawyer-client relationship, may not be privileged, and may be disclosed to others.

Dentons does not collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third party websites or online services.  Our third party partners do not collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across third party websites or online services through your use of the Website. 

  2. **How Dentons Uses Your Information**. Dentons may use your information (i) to provide you with personalized content; (ii) to process and respond to inquiries; (iii) for the purposes for which you provided the information; (iv) to improve the content and navigability of the Website; (v) to alert you to new features, special events, and service offerings; and (vi) to enforce the Terms of Use. 
  3. **Information Sharing with Third Parties**. Dentons may disclose your personally identifiable information to another entity (i) for purposes of outsourcing one or more of the functions described in the previous section; (ii) to confirm or update information provided by you; (iii) to inform you of events, information about our services, and other important information, or (iv) for other purposes disclosed at or before the time the information is collected. If you tell us you wish to attend an event, your name and organization may appear on a list which we provide to other delegates at the event. We may also share your information when legally required to do so. 
  4. **How We Collect Information.** In addition to the methods described above, we and our service providers collect information using cookies, web beacons, pixel tags or similar digital marker technologies. These methods permit us to collect various types of information, including which pages you visit, which of our newsletter articles you clicked on , and other information. We and our service providers use this information to monitor and improve our website and to show you advertisements about Dentons when you visit other sites. For more details on how we use cookies, see our cookies policy, located at <http://www.dentons.com/en/use-of-cookies>. For instructions on rejecting or deleting cookies, please visit [allaboutcookies.org](https://web.archive.org/web/20160628093143id_/http%3A//www.dentons.com/en/allaboutcookies.org). 
  5. **How We Protect Information**. Dentons attempts to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of your personal information.  Dentons has implemented reasonable administrative, technical and physical measures to protect your personal information. 
  6. **How You Can View Or Update Your Personal Or Financial Information**. To ensure that you have as much control over your personally identifiable and other information as possible, you may update your information by contacting us as provided in the “Contacts” section below. We will use reasonable efforts to process any change you make; provided, however, that requests to delete information are subject to Dentons’ internal reporting and retention policies and all applicable legal obligations. 
  7. **International Transfers**. We are an international practice and your data might be passed on to our international offices, some of which are in countries outside the European Economic Area, including the United States. The Website is hosted on servers in the United Kingdom and/or United States. 
  8. **Opt-Out**. If you prefer not to receive any further communications, please email [crm@dentons.com](mailto:crm@dentons.com). 
  9. **Changes to This Policy**. From time to time, we may change this Policy. Changes to this Policy are effective as of the effective date listed above, and indicates the last time this Policy was revised or materially changed.  Your continued use of the Website indicates your consent to the changes to this Policy. 
  10. **Links**. The Website may contain links to third-party websites. Dentons is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. 
  11. **Contacts**. If you have any questions, concerns, or suggestions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us using our Contact Form, or by post to Attention: Dentons.com Privacy Questions at either (a) One Fleet Place, London EC4M 7WS, England, (b) 233 South Wacker Drive, Suite 5900, Chicago, IL 60606-6361, (c) 5 boulevard Malesherbes, 75008 Paris, France, (d) 77 King Street West, Suite 400 Toronto-Dominion Centre, Toronto, ON, M5K 0A1, or (e) Suite 3201, Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong. 


