> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the denver.org privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151207115809id_/http%3A//www.denver.org/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

Welcome to Denver! The Denver Metro Convention & Visitors Bureau, Inc. ("VISIT DENVER," "we" or "our") is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust, and accordingly maintains this privacy policy ("Policy") to protect personal information that we may collect about you, informing you how we collect it, how we use it, with whom we may share it and the choices you have on how it may be used. 

This Policy applies to information collected on our websites, including without limitation denver.org, visitdenver.org, visitdenver.com, eatdrinkdenver.com and denversports.org ("Website") and any associated content, features and functionality contained on or provided through the Website or any of our mobile applications. 

Please read this Policy carefully and on more than one occasion when you use the Website. By accessing and using this Website, mobile application or other Visit Denver product or service on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, console or other device, you signify that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by all of the terms of this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, you may not access or use the Website.  


#### Information VISIT DENVER May Collect from You

We may collect personal and non-personally identifying information from you in several different ways on our Website, including through the use of forms for general inquiries, to submit an event, newsletter and travel guide requests, RFP submissions, contests, partnership applications, or through offline contacts such as email, mail or phone calls. This Policy applies to information that you provide to VISIT DENVER through the Website. 

We collect this information to provide a more efficient online experience, as well as to provide you with news, travel guides and information, promotional materials and other goods and services that you request. Personal information we may collect from you includes your first and last name, gender, age, language, home or business address, email address, phone number, travel arrangement details, affinity categories, information about your company, guests that will attend an event and any other personal information you provide. However, we do not collect personal information about you when you visit and browse our Website unless you intentionally choose to provide that information to us. 

We also collect personal information about you when purchase products or services or book travel accommodations through our website. These financial transactions are processed through third-party service providers with whom we partner but do not control, including aRes, Authorize.net , SimpleView and Bandwango , who will collect personal and financial information from you such as credit card and billing address information but your financial information is not provided to us. The information collected from you by these third-parties is governed by the privacy policies of those third-parties and we encourage you to review them. Any personal information we maintain to fulfill your purchase order is subject to this Policy. 

#### Information VISIT DENVER May Collect Automatically

Like most sites, we may automatically collect non-personally identifying information through the use of "cookies" (small text files in the memory of your browser or device that enable a website to recognize a user's device), "pixel tags" (small graphic images that typically work in conjunction with cookies to identify users and user behavior) or similar programs, that track information provided by your browser such as the Internet address of your computer, your mobile device ID, the website you came from, the type of computing, mobile or other device used, to track link clicks, page opens, form submissions, and other data that helps us administer our Website, such as the date, time and page(s) you visited on our Website, the duration of your visit and other anonymous information. Some cookies we use enable us to deliver third-party advertising based on your online activity. Most popular Internet browsers will allow you to configure the browser to reject or block cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set, by accessing the "Help" portion of the toolbar. Please refer to your browser for information on how to disable and control cookies and note that if you reject or block cookies it may affect your ability to enjoy the full functionality of our Website. 

#### Use and Retention of Information by VISIT DENVER

We may use the personal information collected from you in several ways. For example, if you indicate on our Website that you would like to receive information about VISIT DENVER programs and services, are planning a trip to Denver, planning a meeting or event in Denver, requesting that an event be added to our event calendar, booking a hotel reservation, would like to access our digital photo/video asset library, or if you are a travel writer interested in writing about Denver, personal information will be collected and added to our records. To receive some of VISIT DENVER's information and services, a visitor may also set up an account or submit an RFP in which similar personal information is collected. As another example, we may also use your email address to send you newsletters and other publications that you have requested or we think you will find interesting. We also collect personal information if you enter a contest we sponsor. If you do not wish to provide the requested personal information or if you do not agree to have us use the information for the purposes identified, it is your responsibility to decline use or opt-out of those aspects of our Website for which personal information is sought. 

The non-personally identifying information we collect automatically when you visit our Website is used to analyze general browsing behavior of visitors to our Website, including the popularity of certain pages, and compile statistical reports on site activity, including the daily requests we receive for particular files and which countries those requests came from, so that we can provide a better Website experience. For example, we can tell which Internet Service Provider our visitors use, but not names, addresses or other information that would allow us to identify the particular visitors to our sites. This information is used only for internal purposes by VISIT DENVER technical support staff. This information may be used to confirm participation in VISIT DENVER advertising and marketing programs, and may be used to advise participants of the numbers of visitors who come to our site from their sites. No personal information is collected. 

We retain personal and non-personally identifying information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes of this Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law or regulation. 

#### Release of Information to Third Parties

VISIT DENVER does not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes without your prior consent. VISIT DENVER may, however, sell or share non-personally identifiable information to third parties. 

Personal information will not be released to third parties except to further the purpose for which you provide the information. We may share your personal information with third-party providers that help us provide certain content, services and functionality such as hotel booking, payment processors and publication distribution vendors who would be given access to your personal information solely for the limited purpose of performing the services, or providing the information, you requested and for no other purposes. We may also share your personal information with hotel suppliers to allow the hotels to fulfill your reservation requests that you book through our Website. When booking a hotel through our Website, you should review the privacy policies and terms and conditions of any hotel website at which you book a reservation as we do not restrict the hotel's use of your personal information. We may also share your personal information with our partner businesses when you request a specific product or service that our partners are best able to provide, such as information on tourist attractions, events and restaurants. Except as expressly stated in this Policy, we will not disclose, including for purposes of sale, any information that we collect to a third party. 

We also use third-party web analytics and online advertising services, for example from Google and DoubleClick, to track and analyze your site activity and websites you visit after visiting our Website, as well as to serve advertisements to you on other websites after you have visited our Website, which is a practice known as remarketing. This practice does not use your personal information but rather uses third-party cookies, such as the Google Analytics and/or the DoubleClick cookie, to deliver online advertisements based on your online activity, including past visits to our Website. You will see these advertisements unless you opt-out. If you would like to opt-out of receiving targeted advertising like this from Google, you can manage these settings by visiting the Google Ads settings page and/or installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Ad-on or the DoubleClick Opt-out plugin or both. You may also opt-out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page. Even if you opt-out, you may still see advertisements, but they will not be delivered based on your online activity.  


#### Third Party Links

For your convenience, the Website contains links to other websites not under our control. We do not control, are not responsible for, and this Policy does not apply to, the privacy practices or content of those third-party websites. If you decided to initiate a transaction on a website that our Website links to, even if you reached that website through our Website, the information you submit to complete the transaction becomes subject to the privacy practices of the owner of that linked website. You should seek out, carefully read and understand the website privacy policy of each third-party website you visit. 

#### Children's Policy

The Website is intended for a general adult audience and is not intended for children under 13 years of age. VISIT DENVER does not intentionally collect any personally identifiable information from any child under the age of 13 and if we discover we have been provided with any such information, VISIT DENVER will promptly dispose of the information. VISIT DENVER encourages parents and guardians to closely monitor children's online activities.  

#### International Visitors

VISIT DENVER receives visitors from all over the world. If you are accessing this Website from outside the United State of America, please note that your information may be collected, transferred to, stored or processed in the United States and will be subjected to U.S. laws, which may not afford the same privacy protection as the laws of your own country. Use of this site is unauthorized in non-U.S. jurisdictions that do not give effect to all of the provisions of this policy. By continuing to access the Website, you understand and consent to the transfer of your information to our facilities in the United States and those third parties with whom we share it.  

#### Security of Personal Information Collected

We understand the importance of safeguarding the personal information we collect from you. We therefore take reasonable measures to protect your personal information that is under our control in an effort to prevent its loss, misuse or unauthorized access, alteration or disclosure, including established electronic and administrative safeguards designed to make the information we collect secure. You should take care not to send us personal information in email, which is an inherently insecure form of communication. 

Although we strive to keep your information secure, no policy or system can perfectly guard against the risk of intentional intrusion or inadvertent disclosure and we do not and cannot guarantee that your information may never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Policy and applicable laws. Any personal information you provide to us is at your own risk. You should understand the limits to privacy on the Internet and use common sense in all of your online activities. 

#### Business Transitions

In the event VISIT DENVER and/or its business units or subsidiaries are ever sold, acquired, merged, liquidated, reorganized or otherwise transferred, we reserve the right to transfer our user databases together with any personally or non-personally identifiable information contained therein to a third-party acquiring VISIT DENVER or any of its assets. 

#### Changes to Policy

We may change this Policy from time to time in our sole discretion without prior notice to you. Please check the Website regularly for updates. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will notify you here or by notice on our home page. The most recent version is reflected by the version date below. All such updates and changes are effective immediately upon notice thereof, which may be given by any means, including posting a revised version on this Website. Your continued use of this Website signifies your continuing consent to be bound by this Policy. 

#### Questions or Opt-Out

If at any time you have any questions or change your mind and would like to add or remove your name from the VISIT DENVER mailing list, or update your personal information, or refrain from receiving any further communications from VISIT DENVER, please either (1) call us at 303-892-1112, (2) email us at [jbresler@visitdenver.com](mailto:jbresler@visitdenver.com), (3) write us at VISIT DENVER, the Convention and Visitors Bureau, 1555 California Street, Suite 300, Denver, CO 80202, and/or (4) click on unsubscribe, where applicable. 

This Policy was last updated on December 2, 2015 
