> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the windfinder.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141220103602id_/http%3A//www.windfinder.com/contact/privacy_policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Windfinder - Privacy policy

[

**Mobile version** Click here to switch to mobile version of windfinder.com. 

](http://www.windfinder.mobi/)

Windfinder.com, Knorrstraße 24 Hinterhaus, 24106 Kiel respects your privacy and we stand by the national privacy rules. Personal information is collected only as much as it is technically necessary. In no case will these data be sold or given to others.The following terms of contract give you an overview of how we intend to protect your privacy and which kind of data is collected for which purposes. 

### Data collection on this web page

Windfinder.com automatically collects and saves information from your browser in our server log files. These include:

  * Browser type and version
  * used operating system
  * Referrer URL (last visited website)
  * IP address / host name of your computer
  * Time of access



There is no merging of this data with other data sources, collected data is also deleted after a statistical analysis.

### Cookies

Our web page uses cookies in several places. With the help of these cookies our web page should become more user-friendly, more effective and more secure. For example we use cookies to store your personal preferences of measurement units. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer by your browser. Cookies cannot do any harm to your computer and cannot contain viruses or malware. 

### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. ('Google'). Google Analytics uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analize how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

### Advertising networks

Third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on www.windfinder.com send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. Windfinder has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Windfinder's privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. 

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.windfinder.com. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.windfinder.com and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL: http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html 

In addition to that, we use cookies from our cooperation partners like pilot media GmbH und Co. KG, Group M, Ligatus GmbH, Adcloud GmbH, Criteo GmbH, AudienceScience (Germany) GmbH and Nugg.ad AG. These partners may place cookies on your browser or read a cookie from there. No personal data (like name or address) is stored in these cookies, they only contain information like (for example) how often you viewed a single ad. If you do not want to submit information regarding the advertising from our cooperation partners, you can opt-out here: 

### INFOnline

We use services from INFOnline to get statistical measurements about visits and usage of our website. INFOnline only collects statistical measurement that is generated on the counting servers in real time. The IP adresses collected in this process are discarded at the earliest possible time and replaced by an alias. Only aggregated data is processed afterwards. After accessing a website that is measured by INFOnline GmbH a cookie is saved on the computer of the user. A cookie is a text file that cannot contain executable code or 'spyware'-elements. You can find this cookie in the cookie list of your browser under the name 'ivwbox.de'. The validity of this cookie is one year. The cookie contains a random internal number to allow the creation of a market research study about internet usage for 'Arbeitsgemeinschaft Online Forschung (AGOF e.V.)'. The number stored in the cookie cannot be related to a specific person. You can refuse saving of cookies in your browser.   
You can find more information about the measurements on the website of INFOnline and the privacy policies of IVW and AGOF:   
[INFOnline Website](https://www.infonline.de/)  
[AGOF Privacy Policy](http://www.agof.de/datenschutz)  
[IVW Privacy Policy](http://www.ivw.eu/)

You can opt out of all data processing my INFOnline here: [INFOnline Opt-Out](http://optout.ivwbox.de/)

### Facebook Social plugins

Our website uses Social Plugins ("Plugins") from the social network facebook.com provided by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"). The plugins are displayed using a Facebook logo. When you open a page in our website that contains such a plugin, your browser opens a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is submitted directly from Facebook to your browser and embedded into the website by your browser. With embedding the plugin Facebook receives the information that you visited the corresponding page on our website. If you are logged in into Facebook, Facebook can connect your visit to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins (e.g. pressing the "Like"-button or adding a comment), the corresponding information is sent to Facebook from your browser and stored there. If you want to know how Facebook uses and stores this data or if you want to know your rights and settings for protecting your privacy, please refer to Facebook's privacy policy. If you don't want Facebook to collect data from you while browsing our website, please log out of Facebook before visiting windfinder.com. 

### Right of disclosure

You have the right to be informed any time about the data saved concerning your person, its origin and receiver as well as the purpose of saving. Disclosure is given by Windfinder.com, info@windfinder.com 

### Further information

Your trust in us is important to us. That is why we want to inform you about the usage of personal data. If you have questions that could not be answered in this privacy policy declaration or if you want further information, just contact Windfinder.com, info@windfinder.com. 
