> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the windowstreams.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-03-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090315031910id_/http%3A//windowstreams.com/ws08/index.php%3Foption%3Dcom_content%26task%3Dview%26id%3D9%26Itemid%3D29) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Window Streams - Privacy Policy And User Agreement

Privacy Policy And User Agreement   
  
**Privacy Policy And User Agreement

 Stream it now !

**

windowstreams.com recognizes and supports the need to protect the privacy rights of its members through the disclosure of its practices for collection and use of member information. windowstreams.com collects information in several ways from different parts of its network of websites. The information that we collect allows us to learn more about you and offer content you are most interested in. Some personal information is collected when you register. For instance, during the registration, windowstreams.com asks for your name, e-mail address, birth date, gender, zip code, occupation and postal address. Once you register you are given an account number and will be able to take full advantage of windowstreams.com's various offers. The information that is collected is used on an aggregated basis to operate our sites, to enhance our features and sell and deliver advertising. Collecting information is done with the intention of offering the most personal entertainment experience possible by presenting content and preferences that are tailored specifically to your interests

Terms Relating to Refunds.

Window Streams.Com only provide refunds if customer request the refund within 24 hrs of his Signup. Window Streams.Com offers its Site services for entertainment purposes only. Window Streams.Com does not warrant the truth or validity of the information contained on its site. You acknowledge and understand that, because of the possibility of human and mechanical error, mistakes or omissions in the data or information provided, delays or interruptions of the data or information stream from whatever cause, as well as other factors, Window Streams.Com is not responsible for errors in or omissions from the information contained or accessed through the Site. ALL INFORMATION AND CONTENT ON THE SITE ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT.

We may also provide information about you to third parties such as advertisers or partners unless you expressly require us not to do so at the time of registration. Sometimes, windowstreams.com plays the role of an intermediary in providing targeted advertisements to its users. Advertisers may give us an advertisement and tell us the type of audience they want to reach. windowstreams.com takes the advertisement and displays it to users who meet those criteria. In this process, the advertiser never has access to the individual's information. However, upon failure to provide such personal information, access to the entire site cannot be guaranteed by windowstreams.com and windowstreams.com expressly reserves the right to deny access to any or all modules within the site without prior intimation if the minimum necessary personal information is not provided by such user. In all cases where we ask for personal information you will be notified if such information is being collected or identify which of the informational items are optional and offer you the opportunity to opt out of receiving information from our partners and third parties. 

windowstreams.com will not disclose to third parties your credit card information except to the extent necessary to complete the transaction initiated by you. As a general rule windowstreams.com will not disclose any of your personal information without your express permission or under special circumstances such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. If your personal data will be shared we will tell you before we collect or transfer the data. You have exclusive access to your account information when you login to [_www.WindowStreams.com_](http://www.windowstreams.com/) . Our technical support staff has access to your account information, which we view only when technical support on maintenance requires it.

Please be aware that advertisers or web-sites that have links on our site may collect personally identified information about you. While we encourage all our partners, advertisers and third parties to implement policies and practices that respect the privacy of our users, we are not responsible for their privacy practices or the contents of such web-sites. From time to time you may be offered the opportunity to receive materials on special offers from the third parties. If you avail of such opportunity, then we will with your permission share your information with them we may also use the information to create aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers and other third parties.

We may also disclose account information in special cases where we have reason to believe that such disclosure is necessary to identify, contact and or bring legal action against somebody who may be violating windowstreams.com's User Agreement or may be causing injury to or interference with windowstreams.com's rights/property or other users of windowstreams.com or anyone else whose rights and properties may be affected by such activities.

You may edit your account information at any time by using your windowstreams.com Password. If you have forgotten your password, you can get it mailed to you through the forgot password option provided in the Home page. Your account information is password protected, so that only you have access to this personal information. Please do not divulge the password to any one. windowstreams.com will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited email. Also remember to sign out of your windowstreams.com account when you have finished your work to ensure that others cannot access your personal information and other correspondence if you are sharing a computer with some one else.

windowstreams.com takes steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with the user agreement and this privacy policy. However, it is to be remembered that no data in the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of the any information transmitted by you and you do so at your own risk. windowstreams.com is a general audience web site. While children under the age of 13 attempt to register with us, we ask them to have their parents/guardians consent to our obtaining any registration information from a child whom we know to be under 13 years of age. We do not share personal information about users under the age of 13 with third parties and we do not rent or sell personal information about any of our users regardless of age.

There is a technology called "Cookies" which is a file transferred from a web-site to the hard drive of your computer, server or virtual private network, as the case may be, so that the web-site operator may track activities on the web site. We use cookies to help track activities at our site, so that we can make our site more interesting to useful to visitors. Cookies help us to improve our web-site or to send marketing message to better match your needs and interest. Cookies also allows to make our site more convenient to use by storing a password without your having to constantly reenter it. You are always free to decline the cookies if your browser permits, but some part of our site may work properly if you do so. Cookies help us to remember who you are to estimate our audience size, to track visits to our site, to measure traffic patterns and help us understand user habits so that we can personalize the content, banners and promotions that you will see on our sites.

Window streams not allowed account sharing at any Cost. As part of our security measures, Window stream's Automated IP screening System regularly screen activity in the window streams website. During the screening, If we have reason to believe that an issue regarding multiple IP access in one account especially IP's from  different State, Country or Network will result an immediate account deletion from our data base without any notice.  
 

Please note that we place advertising on our site that originates from outside advertisers. In some cases, if you click on these, the advertiser may assign a Cookie. windowstreams.com does not control these Cookies. If you should have any questions regarding the statement on site practices and services, please contact us at [__](mailto:%20%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20var%20prefix%20=%20'ma'%20+%20'il'%20+%20'to';%20var%20path%20=%20'hr'%20+%20'ef'%20+%20'=';%20var%20addy89262%20=%20'windowstreams'%20+%20'@';%20addy89262%20=%20addy89262%20+%20'gmail'%20+%20'.'%20+%20'com';%20document.write\(%20'%3Ca%20'%20+%20path%20+%20'\\''%20+%20prefix%20+%20':'%20+%20addy89262%20+%20'\\'%3E'%20\);%20document.write\(%20addy89262%20\);%20document.write\(%20'%3C\\/a%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E\\n%20%3C/script%3E%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\(%20'%3Cspan%20style=\\'display:%20none;\\'%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3EThis%20e-mail%20address%20is%20being%20protected%20from%20spam%20bots,%20you%20need%20JavaScript%20enabled%20to%20view%20it%20%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\(%20'%3C/'%20\);%20document.write\(%20'span%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3E)_[windowstreams@gmail.com](mailto:windowstreams@gmail.com)_ or Contact our Head Quaters at the following address:

Window Streams Graphics Ltd,  
14 Rheinbadstr.  
Bad Sackingen, Baden-Wurttemberg 79713 DE

We cannot guarantee that any or all suggestions will be incorporated or implemented. windowstreams.com reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, with or without notice. It is your responsibility to check back to this page from time to time for any updates. 

E-mails: [__](mailto:%20%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20var%20prefix%20=%20'ma'%20+%20'il'%20+%20'to';%20var%20path%20=%20'hr'%20+%20'ef'%20+%20'=';%20var%20addy89262%20=%20'windowstreams'%20+%20'@';%20addy89262%20=%20addy89262%20+%20'gmail'%20+%20'.'%20+%20'com';%20document.write\(%20'%3Ca%20'%20+%20path%20+%20'\\''%20+%20prefix%20+%20':'%20+%20addy89262%20+%20'\\'%3E'%20\);%20document.write\(%20addy89262%20\);%20document.write\(%20'%3C\\/a%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E\\n%20%3C/script%3E%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\(%20'%3Cspan%20style=\\'display:%20none;\\'%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3EThis%20e-mail%20address%20is%20being%20protected%20from%20spam%20bots,%20you%20need%20JavaScript%20enabled%20to%20view%20it%20%3Cscript%20language='JavaScript'%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\(%20'%3C/'%20\);%20document.write\(%20'span%3E'%20\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3E)_[windowstreams@gmail.com](mailto:windowstreams@gmail.com)_
