> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the windsorstore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110525032304id_/http%3A//www.windsorstore.com/help_privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Windsor: Customer Service: Privacy Policy

## Your Privacy is Important To Us!

**Privacy Policy**

Windsor Fashions is committed to respecting the privacy rights of online visitors to our Site. Windsor Fashions also recognizes the importance of protecting information collected about you. While visiting the Windsor Fashions site, we may ask you to register and/or provide information that personally identifies you, including but not limited to any name, address, telephone number, email address, birth date, credit card or payment information, or other information that could be used to contact you or any other identifying information that you may disclose to Windsor Fashions for purposes of interacting with our site, including, for example, when you ask for information, enter a contest, order our products, or download material ("Personal Information"). If you choose to provide Windsor Fashions with your Personal Information, it will permit us to make your use of our site and services more enjoyable. Windsor Fashions uses your Personal Information to help you quickly find goods, services, or information on the site. 

In order to comply with anti-spam standards, we collect IP addresses for all contact from submittals. **Windsor Fashions** may also track the domains from which this site is visited and use that data to analyze for trends and statistics for our own internal business purposes.

There is a technology called "cookies" which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a web site. A cookie is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser which may then store it on your system. Some Windsor Fashions pages may use cookies so that we may better serve you when you return to our site. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. Windsor Fashions may also track the domains from which this site is visited and use that data to analyze for trends and statistics for our own internal business purposes. 

Windsor Fashions may also aggregate such information and make it available to others as part of its business; however, Windsor Fashions will not identify you when providing such information. If you choose not to have your Personal information used as a basis for further contact with Windsor Fashions or one of its business partners, you may "opt out." If you choose not to give us your Personal information, you can still use most of this site. You merely will not be able to access areas that require registration. We occasionally provide your name and postal address (but not your email address) to a select group of companies whose products you may find of interest. If you do not want us to share this information with these companies, we can add your name to our "do-not-share" list. Please [ Click here ](https://web.archive.org/help_contact.aspx)for contact information. Windsor Fashions reserves the right to make exceptions, such as when we believe that an emergency, illegal activity or some other reasonable basis exists for notifying or providing such information to the appropriate authorities. 

**Security Policy**

Shopping on windsorstore.com is safe because we use highly advanced technology to make sure your information remains secure. We protect your online order and personal information by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. To make sure you are accessing a secure server, look at the lower left or right hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see an unbroken key or closed lock (depending on your browser), then SSL is active. Some versions of browsers and firewalls don't permit communication through secure servers. In that case, you'll be unable to connect to the server so you won't have to worry about mistakenly placing an order through an unsecured connection. 
