> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the winhundred.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140524022442id_/http%3A//winhundred.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# WinHundred LLC Privacy Policy

**WinHundred LLC Privacy Policy**

Thank you for visiting this website (the "Site"). The Site is an Internet property of WinHundred LLC and its affiliated companies ("WinHundred LLC," "we" or "us"). This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") outlines the privacy practices associated with the Site. You agree to this Privacy Policy, in its entirety, when you: (a) access or use the Site; (b) agree to receive e-mail from us via the Site, or any other means; and/or (c) register on the Site to receive information from third party service providers.   **If you are a resident of the State of California and would like to opt-out from the disclosure of your personal information to any third party for marketing purposes, please e-mail us at:[ support@myfastonlinesupport.com](mailto:support@myfastonlinesupport.com) Please be advised that where California residents opt-out from permitting their personal information to be shared, such individuals may still receive selected offers directly from us, in accordance with the law.**

**Personally Identifiable Information Collected.** We collect your personally identifiable information when you sign up to receive products and/or services at the Site. **We may also collect your personally identifiable information when you otherwise agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, but do not complete the applicable registration process in full.** The types of personally identifiable information that we collect at the Site include, without limitation, your: (a) name; (b) e-mail address; and (c) any and all other information requested on the applicable registration form. .

**Use of Personally Identifiable Information.** **** By submitting your personal information on the Site, you agree that we may share such personal information with Third Party Providers in order to complete your request for specific products and/or services that you applied for at the Site (“Featured Products”) from such Third Party Providers, and that they may use such personal information for any lawful purposes, subject to any restrictions contained herein. Any information that you supply to any Third Party Providers shall be governed by the applicable Third Party Providers’ privacy policy. **Please be advised that WinHundred LLC does not itself provide Featured Products, or any other related products and services. The ultimate terms and conditions of any Featured Products provided by any Third Party Providers will be determined by those Third Party Providers.**

We may sell, rent, lease or otherwise provide the personal information that you supply to us to any third party and we may work with other businesses to bring selected retail opportunities to our users. These businesses and third parties may include, but are not limited to: (a) providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation; (b) e-mail marketers; (c) telemarketers (where permitted by applicable law); (d) SMS text-based marketers (where permitted by applicable law); and (e) direct marketers.

We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from user lists, analyzing data and providing marketing analysis. The agents performing these limited functions on our behalf shall have access to our users’ personal information as needed to perform their functions for us but we do not permit them to use your personal information for other purposes.

We will also use your personal information for customer service, to provide you with information that you may request, to customize your experience on the Site and/or to contact you when necessary in connection with transactions entered into by you on the Site. We may also use your personal information for internal business purposes, such as analyzing and managing our business. We may also combine the information we have gathered about you with information from other sources. We may use third parties to help us operate our business and the Site or to administer activities on our behalf.

We also reserve the right to release current or past user information in the event that we believe that the user is using, or has used, our products, services and/or Site: (i) in violation of the Site’s Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy or any other of our operating rules, policies, price schedules and other supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be published by us from time to time; (ii) to commit unlawful acts; (iii) if such information is subpoenaed or requested pursuant to a judicial or regulatory proceeding or inquiry; (iv) if we are sold or acquired; and/or (v) when we deem it necessary or appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your e-mail address with other third parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time to time, and Federal Trade Commission implementing regulations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we reserve the right to share, sell, rent, lease and/or otherwise distribute any and all personal information with/to any third party for any and all uses permitted by this Privacy Policy and applicable law. 

By registering at the Site, you agree that such act constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR §310 et seq.), as amended from time to time (the “Rule”) and applicable state do-not-call regulations. As such, notwithstanding that your telephone number may be listed on the Federal Trade Commission’s Do-Not-Call List, and/or on applicable state do-not-call lists, we retain the right to contact you via telemarketing in accordance with the Rule and applicable state do-not-call regulations.

In addition, by submitting your personal information at the Site, you agree to receive mobile marketing including, but not limited to, text-message based marketing, from us and our third party advertisers and marketers (where, and to the extent that, such marketing is permitted by applicable law). As such, notwithstanding that your mobile telephone number may be listed on state and/or federal Do-Not-Call registries, we retain the right to contact you via text-message based marketing in accordance with applicable state and federal law. Further, you agree that we reserve the right to share, sell, rent, lease and/or otherwise distribute your mobile telephone and other mobile data with/to any third-party for any and all non-marketing uses permitted by this Privacy Policy and applicable law.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when users visit our site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, check out <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp> . 

**Non-Personally Identifiable Information**

We may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about you when you visit many of the pages of the Site. This non-personally identifiable information includes, without limitation, the type of browser that you use (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), your IP address, the type of operating system that you use (e.g., Windows or Mac OS) and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink). We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of the Site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze Site usage, as well as to offer you products and services. We also reserve the right to use aggregate or group data about our visitors for any and all lawful purposes. Aggregate or group data is data that describes the demographics, usage and/or characteristics of our visitors as a group. By visiting and/or supplying your personal information at the Site, you agree to allow us to provide such aggregate data to third parties.

**Cookies**

When an end-user visits the Site, we send a cookie and/or gif file (“Cookie”) to assign an anonymous, unique identifier to the applicable end-user’s Internet browser. A Cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing non-personally identifiable information about you. Cookies have many benefits to enhance your experience at the Site. To find out more about Cookies, please visit [www.cookiecentral.com](http://www.cookiecentral.com/). To disable and reject certain Cookies, follow the instructions associated with your Internet browser. Even in the case where a user rejects a Cookie, he or she may still use the Promotion Website. WinHundred LLC reserves the right to retain Cookie data indefinitely.

**Third Party Links**

The Website may contain links to other third-party owned and/or operated websites and, where you request information from Third Party Providers, WinHundred LLC may transfer you directly to the websites of such Third Party Providers. WinHundred LLC is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. In some cases, you may be required to provide certain information to register or complete a transaction at such website. These third-party websites have separate privacy and data collection practices and WinHundred LLC has no responsibility or liability relating to them. We do not endorse, nor are we responsible for the accuracy of, the privacy policies and/or terms and conditions of such website. These third party entities are independent third parties and are not affiliated with us.

**Third-Party Offers**

WinHundred LLC provides its users with the opportunity to receive special offers, products and/or services from third parties. Where you indicate the desire to receive certain offers, products or services from a third party during the applicable information collection process, your personally identifiable information that was provided during that WinHundred LLC information collection process will be shared with the applicable third party so that such third party may provide their product or service to you and so that you do not have to complete another information collection form to purchase or receive that product or service.

**Opt-Out/Unsubscribe**

When you submit personally identifiable information to us at the Site, you have opted-in to request that we share your personal information with third parties to receive marketing communications. When contacted by any of these companies or third parties, you should notify them directly of your choices regarding their use and sharing of your information. All WinHundred.com emails contain unsubscribe links. If you wish to no longer receive emails from us, click on it, enter your email address and then click submit. You will be removed from future mailings promptly.

**Minors**

We do not knowingly collect information from minors under eighteen (18) years of age. No information should be submitted to, or posted at, the Site by individuals under eighteen (18) years of age. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.

**Security**

All collected information is stored in a technically and physically secure environment. While we use reasonable, industry standard measures to protect personal information online and offline, no data transmission can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our systems. Access to this personal information is strictly limited, and not accessible to the public. All of our users’ personal information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personal information. Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all WinHundred LLC user personal information. Employees not adhering to our written firm policies are subject to disciplinary action. In compliance with applicable federal and state laws, we shall notify you and any applicable regulatory agencies in the event that we learn of an information security breach with respect to your personal information. You will be notified via e-mail in the event of such a breach. Please be advised that notice may be delayed in order to address the needs of law enforcement, determine the scope of network damage, and to engage in remedial measures.

**Changes to Privacy Policy**

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add and/or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. All Privacy Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Site. Please check the Site periodically for any changes. Your continued use of the Site and/or acceptance of our e-mail communications following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of any and all changes.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions regarding this statement, or would like more information on our privacy practices, please contact us at [**support@myfastonlinesupport.com**](mailto:support@myfastonlinesupport.com).

Notwithstanding anything else in this policy, we or a data provider we have engaged may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable customized ads or content. No personally identifiable information is placed into these cookies. The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you have submitted to us, e.g., your email address, in hashed, non-human readable form. To opt-out of these cookies, please go to <http://www.aboutads.info/choices>. 
