> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the winknews.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071210193202id_/http%3A//www.winknews.com/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# WINK News - Southwest Florida | WINKTV Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy governs the use and collection of information that winktv.com its affiliates, partners, advertisers, agents, related companies and service providers (collectively, "we," "our" or the "website") obtain from you while you are visiting our web site (the "Site").     
  


Please carefully review our Privacy Policy before sharing any information with us or any other party offering a service on our Site.  By visiting this Site, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy and our "User Agreement," including any updates or changes to either. 

We and our related Sites may from time to time operate, either individually or jointly with third parties, other types of web sites that may adopt different privacy policies or user agreements.  We therefore encourage you to review the applicable policies and agreements when you visit any web site, including our Site.

**_What Information Do We Collect And How Is It Collected?_**

The following list represents the types of information we may collect during your visit on our Site.  You are not required to provide information to us, and may opt out of providing information at any time, as described below.  You may not be able to access or use certain services or features of the Site if you opt out or do not provide requested information. 

  * _Identifying and Related Information_.  In order to access certain services on our Site, we may request that you provide identifying information, such as your name, address, e-mail address, birth date, gender, and/or household income range. 
  * _Credit Card Information_.  We may offer areas on the Site that allow you to purchase goods or services from us or third party vendors.  In connection with purchasing these goods and services, we may request that you submit credit card, payment account or other information in connection with your purchase of these goods or services. 
  * _Content, Advertising and Other Services_.  We may offer opportunities for you to elect to receive e-mails and other communications that contain news, information, promotional offers or other services that may be of interest to you.  In connection with these services, we may ask that you provide your e-mail address and other information relevant to your receipt or use of these services. 
  * _Contests, Sweepstakes, Surveys and Special Offers_.  If you choose to participate in a contest, sweepstakes, survey or special offer through our Site, we may ask for information from you in connection with that offering, including information required for your entry into the contest, sweepstakes, survey or special offer.  Depending on the type of offering, this information may be used to contact you or to ultimately provide a more personalized service to you and other users.
  * _Cookies and Web Beacons_.  When you visit our Site, we send cookies to your computer and use web beacons in order to track your trends and preferences.  A cookie is a data text file that a web site sends to your browser and which is then stored on your system.  Our Site can only access the information from a cookie sent by our Site.  We cannot learn your e-mail address or any other personal information about you through a cookie.  Rather, cookies are used to gather information about your use of the Site and how we can adapt our services to better suit your needs and preferences.  Cookies identify you to our server, meaning that our Site will recognize you when you return to visit the Site. Many browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can set your browser to refuse all cookies or to inform you when a cookie is being sent.  Web beacons are invisible images that are used to write cookies or access the cookies we have written previously or to access information about the page you are viewing for the purposes of recognizing returning users and analyzing patterns.  A web beacon cannot access cookies sent by other web sites or the information contained in those cookies. 
  * _Third-Party Advertising Servers and Networks_.  We use third-party advertising servers to display ads on our Site, and we use third parties to measure and track statistical information about our Site. These third parties may place or recognize a cookie or web beacon on your browser.  The information provided by these cookies and web beacons is used to deliver advertising targeted to your interests, and to better understand the usage and visitation of our Site and other sites tracked by these third parties.  We do not have control over the practices of these third parties.  The third parties do not receive or learn your e-mail address or other personal information through these technologies.
  * _Log Information_.  When you use any of the services on our Site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website.  These "server logs" as they are commonly referred to, may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address (the IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are visiting the world wide web), browser type, browser language, and date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. Log information does not include personally identifiable information.
  * _Links_.  We may have links on our site that are in a format that enables us to keep a record of whether any particular link has been clicked on. 
  * _Communications you send to us or provide_.  When you send email or other types of communications to us, we may retain those communications in our records in order to keep and respond to such communications.  If you access any interactive or user-submitted areas of our Site and provide information in that forum, the information is publicly available and may be used by any visitor to the Site who had access to such information.



| 
