> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bellapartmentliving.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190725212233id_/https%3A//www.bellapartmentliving.com/privacypolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Apartments | Bell Partners Inc.

**PRIVACY POLICY**

**This Privacy Policy is effective as of June 26, 2018.**

This Privacy Policy applies to the BellApartmentLiving.com website operated by Bell Partners Inc., a North Carolina corporation, and its subsidiaries and websites for the properties managed by Bell Partners, Inc. (referred to herein as "Bell", "we", "us", or "our") and applies to information, products and services provided by Bell in the U.S.

Bell recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of individual-specific information collected from and about our website users (referred to as "customers", "you" or "your" in this Privacy Policy). Bell may collect a variety of personally identifiable information from customers, including information about customers and their spouses, domestic partners, dependents, family members and apartment occupants such as name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, Social Security/national insurance number, and other background information described in this document, depending on the specific service being provided (“Personal Information”). This Privacy Policy describes what Personal Information we gather and how we use it. In some instances, and in particular if you are asked to submit registration details through this site, you may be requested to agree to additional terms regarding our use of your Personal Information, and those additional terms will apply in that context. This Privacy Policy constitutes an integral part of our website’s Terms of Use and is subject to the provisions thereof, including with respect to Limitation of Liability and governing law. We encourage you to read this Privacy Policy before you send or share Personal Information with us or use our website and to read it again when you return to it.

You acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is part of the BellApartmentLiving.com website’s Terms of Use and by accessing or using this Site you agree to be bound by all of its terms and conditions. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this Site. We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time. Such changes, modification, additions or deletions shall be effective immediately upon notice thereof. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to maintain a valid email address if you are a registered user, review this Site and this Privacy Policy periodically and to be aware of any modifications. Your continued use of this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgement of the modified Privacy Policy and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy.

**WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DOES BELL COLLECT?**

We collect Personal Information from our websites in order to provide you with information on the Bell experiences you have expressed an interest in, to provide you with information on other similar Bell experiences we believe will be of interest to you, and to better understand how we can help prospective clients, residents and employees. We also collect Personal Information for the purposes of administering certain services to residents and/or applicants, which may include, but not be limited to, services necessary or appropriate to complete any transaction, delivery, or provision of products and services, among other services that Bell may offer or provide from time-to-time (“Company Services”). The type of Personal Information we collect will depend upon what we will need in order to provide you with the particular product or service that interests you. In the case of prospective residents and applicants for employment, the information requested on our registration form includes some or all of the following Personal Information: name and address, age or date of birth, email address, occupation, employment information, telephone number, educational background and Social Security/national insurance number, payment card information, and/or financial account information.

Those interested in becoming residents will be asked to include most of the following further information: the kind of service you are requesting, the apartment size you are looking for, where you want to live, the type of building you prefer, your proposed rent budget, the number of individuals in your household and their ages, and whether or not you have pets.

If you become a resident of a residential community we manage, you may be asked to provide your debit or credit card information in order to make payments for rent and other services. Since we provide these services through contractual arrangements with thirdparties, we may need to release your personally identifiable information to these third parties. The use of your personally identifiable information by third parties service providers is governed by their privacy policies and terms of use.

For those interested in applying for employment at Bell, the following additional Personal Information may be requested or obtained: credit checks, background checks, reference checks and employment verification. Where required, we will obtain your consent before undertaking these checks. Once a candidate accepts a position, the candidate may be asked to complete additional information. This may include an invitation to self-identify ethnicity or race. This information is only collected for meeting government reporting requirements and the provision of this information by candidates is voluntary.

Our residential communities have their own separate sites and we use separate sites for the processing of rental applications and agreements and to assist our residents with other tasks which are required or helpful to them, such as paying rent online. You will move away from this site when engaging in those activities. The privacy policy set forth herein also applies to the websites of our residential communities.

**USAGE TRACKING: USE OF IP ADDRESSES**

An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are connected to the Internet. Web servers, the main computers that serve  web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address. As permitted under applicable law, Bell collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, gathering and analyzing aggregated information, creating a better experience for users and auditing the use of our site.

Your session will be logged, along with your IP address. We will seek to link IP addresses with Personal Information when we feel it is necessary to protect this site and other users from harm and to prevent criminal misconduct. Please see the section on Use of "Cookies."

**USE OF "COOKIES"**

Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual for recordkeeping purposes. Cookies make web surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you are using our site. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and as such, you will find them at most major websites. By showing how and when users use a site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies. We use the information from cookies only to provide services better tailored to your needs and for the protection of our website and users from potential harm. We never save passwords or debit or credit card information in cookies.

We use persistent session and thirdparty tracking cookies on our website, which are cookies that stay in your web browser between visits. We use these to capture analytical information about our visitors that helps us improve the performance of our website and create a better experience. These cookies allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors, to provide content related to a prior visit to the website, and to see how visitors move around the site and the products and services they are interested in when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works by making sure users are finding what they need easily.

Most browsers are set up to accept cookies. If you want to change your cookie preferences, you can do so through your browser settings or refuse the cookies when you enter the website. Please remember that our cookies are often used to give you certain functionality and without them you may not be able to use some of our website (e.g. save properties from our listings).

You can also remove cookies that have already been set in your browser via your browser settings.

By entering and using our site, you agree that we can place these types of cookies on your device.

**California Do Not Track Disclosure**

Do Not Track is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. When a user turns on the Do Not Track signal, the browser sends a message to websites requesting them not to track the user. For information about Do Not Track, visit [www.allaboutdnt.org](http://www.allaboutdnt.org/). At this time, Bell does not respond to Do Not Track browser settings or signals. 

**WHAT INFORMATION DO WE SHARE OR DISCLOSE?**

Bell will disclose Personal Information for business operations as described below.

We do not commercialize or share your Personal Information with third parties, unless:

Such information is shared and/or commercialized following receipt of a specific request and/or permission from users;

Such information is shared with affiliated companies and/or potential investors (in any form of business transaction, including purchase or merger);

Such information is shared with vendors and service providers that may from time to time be selected or utilized by Bell, its agents, or the owners of residential communities we manage, for the purposes of administering or carrying out management responsibilities and business objectives for the community;

Such information is shared in order to comply with or in accordance with any applicable law and/or court orders and/or in order to prevent suspected illegal acts, frauds, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law. This includes responding to lawful requests by public authorities, including national security or law enforcement entities;

Such information is shared in order to help Bell defend against claims and/or establish or exercise any legal right that Bell may have;

Such information is shared in order to help Bell prevent violations of the Bell Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy or to otherwise protect the rights, property, or safety of Bell employees, residents and other persons others, including exchanging information with third parties for fraud protection and credit risk reduction, in accordance with applicable laws.

**THIRD-PARTY SITE LINKS**

You should be aware that when you are on the Bell website you could be directed to other third party sites that are beyond our control. There are links to other sites from Bell, which take you outside our service. These other sites may send their own cookies to visitors to collect data or solicit information. Bell does not control these sites and therefore is not responsible for their content. The inclusion of hyperlinks to any other sites by Bell does not imply any endorsement of the material on such sites, nor any association with their operators.

Bell policies do not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, which is beyond our control. Remember that whenever you give out information online, that information may be collected and used by people you do not know.

If users have any questions about security, please contact us using the information in the "Contact Information" section.

**EMAIL CONSENT AND OPT-OUT**

Your provision of Personal Information through any of our registration forms on this site constitutes your affirmative consent that we may contact you by email to provide you with information and notices relating to the property where you reside regarding various similar services available to you at or through that property and on various other properties that may be available and of interest to you in the future. It also means we may email you regarding updates to this Privacy Policy.

You may choose to opt out of receiving future commercial email messages from us. Please note that if you are a resident of a Bell community and you use this site and your community site, you will need to opt-out of your community site separately. For Bell residents, opt-out function does not apply to Emergency Notifications. In addition, you will also need to opt-out separately from any third party sites with which you have registered. Please see the section on Third-Party Site Links.

**CHILDRENS PRIVACY**

We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of thirteen (13) that requires parental notice and consent under the Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA") without such parental consent. By using our site, you represent that you are not under 13 years of age. If you are a child under thirteen (13) years of age, you are not permitted to use the site and should not send any information about yourself to us through the site. In the event that we become aware that we have collected Personal Information from any child, we will dispose of that information, or otherwise treat it, in accordance with COPPA and other applicable laws and regulations. If you are a parent or guardian and you believe that your child under age 13 may have provided personally identifiable information through the Website, please contact us using the information in the "Contact Information" section.

**INTERNATIONAL VISITORS**

Bell Partners, Inc. is located in the United States (state of North Carolina). If you are providing personally identifiable information and are not a resident of the United States, your country’s laws governing data collection and use may differ from those in the United States. The U.S. may not provide the same level of protections as those in your own country. By providing information to Bell, you are transferring your personal data to the United States, and you consent to the transfer to, retention of and processing of your data in the United States.

If you are resident of the European Union, Bell Partners, Inc. will process your personal information in compliance with the EU General Data Protection (“GDPR”). For information submitted using the System, Bell Partners, Inc. is the data controller, as defined under GDPR. In accordance with the GDPR, as a data subject you will be accorded with any applicable rights, which may include the following:  
I.    right of confirmation;  
II.    right of access;  
III.    right to rectification;  
IV.    right to erasure;  
V.    right of restriction of processing;  
VI.    right to data portability;  
VII.    right to object  
VIII.    right to withdraw data protection consent; and   
IX.    the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority

**CORRECTING AND DEACTIVATING PERSONAL INFORMATION**

This section includes information about how all users may exercise their Privacy Rights.

You have the right, freely and at reasonable intervals, to request that Bell inform you as to whether Personal Information relating to you is being processed. You have the right to request that Bell correct, supplement, delete or block your Personal Information in the event that the data are factually inaccurate, incomplete or irrelevant to the purposes of the processing activities or if the Personal Information is being processed in any other way which infringes a legal provision. If you wish to exercise your rights or if you have any questions or suggestions regarding the use, collection, or security of your Personal Information, please contact us using the contact details in the "Contact Information" section.

When a request for user deletion is received, we will make all reasonable efforts to purge said data from our systems. Due to the nature of our service, some information may not be fully removed due to backups or archived copies; however, such information will only be used for the purpose of performing a contract that the user has entered into with us.

**DATA SECURITY**

While we take reasonable steps to secure your Personal Information, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. Likewise, no storage or processing of your Personal Information or other information on the site, or on other servers or databases to which the information may be transferred, can be guaranteed to be completely secure. Please consider this prior to submitting your Personal Information to us via the site.

**NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES**

If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will advise users of those changes through a general description at the top of this Privacy Policy and may also post these details to other places we deem appropriate so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We may also email you.

**CONTACT INFORMATION**

If a users Personal Information changes (such as zip/postal code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires to be registered with this site, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users Personal Information. This can usually be done in your BellResidents.com account settings or by emailing our Marketing Department through [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)

You may use this email address to get in touch with us for any other reason relating to this Privacy Policy. If you send us an e-mail, your communication should clearly be marked as data protection query and as being time sensitive.

You may also contact us by mail at Bell Partners, Inc., Attn.: Marketing, 300 N. Greene St, Suite 1000, Greensboro, NC 27401. If you contact us by mail, your communication should clearly be marked as a data protection query and as being time sensitive.

**ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS**

By using this site, or providing information to us, you acknowledge your awareness of the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you are not happy with its terms or any amended terms that are made in accordance with this Privacy Policy, you are not authorized by Bell to use this site.

2018 BELL PARTNERS INC. All rights reserved.

* * *

**_UNITED STATES RENTCafé PRIVACY POLICY_**

This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) of Yardi Systems, Inc. (collectively, with its subsidiaries and affiliates, “Yardi,” “we,” “us” or “our”) describes our privacy practices regarding information we collect from persons or entities in the United States (“you” or “your”) who access our RENTCafé websites or our related downloadable mobile applications that we may make available from time to time (collectively, the “Site”).

**PURPOSE.** The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather about you, including information gathered when you visit the Site, and information we may receive from third parties or affiliates in addition to that online information, how we may use that information, whether we disclose that information to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, the information. Yardi strives to help visitors of the Site protect their privacy while using our Site.

We collect information on behalf of property owners and managers who list or advertise properties on the Site and/or use services offered through the Site to communicate or transact with potential or actual renters (the “Property Managers”) and for our own use in connection with our operation of the Site. All information pertaining to the specific properties is passed along to that property’s Property Manager. This Privacy Policy governs our use of such information, but does not govern the use, storage and/or further collection of information that may occur at the property level, which use, storage and further collection will be governed by each property’s privacy policy. If made available to us, we will attempt to provide information indicating the location of the property’s privacy policy. If a privacy policy is not available for a property, we will provide appropriate contact information for the property and/or you should seek such information from the Property Manager.

THE SITE IS NOT INTENDED FOR CHILDREN AND YARDI DOES NOT KNOWINGLY SOLICIT OR COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION ON THE SITE FROM CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13. IF YARDI LEARNS THAT A CHILD UNDER THE AGE OF 13 HAS SUBMITTED PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO YARDI THROUGH THE SITE, IT WILL TAKE REASONABLE MEASURES TO DELETE SUCH INFORMATION FROM ITS RECORDS AND TO NOT USE SUCH INFORMATION FOR ANY PURPOSE (EXCEPT WHERE NECESSARY TO PROTECT THE SAFETY OF THE CHILD OR OTHERS, AS REQUIRED BY LAW, OR AS MAY OTHERWISE BE REQUIRED BY LAW).

**YOUR CONSENT AND POLICY CHANGES.** PLEASE READ THIS ENTIRE PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY. BY USING THE SITE, YOU EXPRESSLY CONSENT, WITHOUT QUALIFICATION, TO THE COLLECTION, USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION, INCLUDING PERSONAL INFORMATION, AS DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO USE THE SITE.

Yardi may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Should the Privacy Policy be modified in any way, the new Privacy Policy will be posted to this webpage. As we may make changes from time to time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically review the Privacy Policy. By using the Site after the effective date of any modification to the Privacy Policy, you expressly consent, without qualification, to the collection, use and disclosure of information, including Personally Identifiable Information (that you previously provided or later provide), as described in the new Privacy Policy.

**TYPES OF Information COLLECTED.** We collect two types of information: personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable information is information that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you (“Personally Identifiable Information”). We also may collect information that by itself typically cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information (e.g. age, profession or gender), user Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, domain names, internet service providers, referring/exit pages, date/time stamp, operating system, clickstream data, information about you such as how you use of the Site and your communication preferences, and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Site (“Non-Personally Identifiable Information”).

Personally Identifiable Information we collect may include your name, email addresses, postal addresses, ZIP codes, social security number, driver’s license number, prior addresses, monthly rent paid at prior residences, employers, job titles, income, telephone numbers, credit card information, bank account information and routing numbers, date of birth, gender, age, marital status, user name and password (if you choose to become a registered user of the Site or our products and services), emergency contact information, information about your pets, information about your vehicles including license plate numbers, and other information either desirable or necessary to provide quality services to our customers and visitors. We may also collect information about you such as your use of the Site and communication preferences.

You may choose not to provide your Personally Identifiable Information by not entering it on the Site; however you will not be able to use certain services and features if those services and features require Personally Identifiable Information in order to function.

**USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES.** Like many other website operators, Yardi may use cookies to customize content specific to your interests and track your use of the Site. “Cookies” are text files that are placed on your computer and may be used to store your personal information. In addition to cookies, Yardi may use other now known or later developed technologies, to assist Yardi in observing the behavior of users visiting the Site. These technologies access individual user information but the information is used only to compile aggregated statistics about the Site’s usage.

This Site uses Google Analytics (and in the future may use other similar sites or services), a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to better assist Yardi in understanding how the Site is used. Google Analytics will place cookies on your computer that will generate information that we select about your use of the Site, including your computer’s IP address. That information will be transmitted to and stored by Google. The information will be used for the purpose of evaluating consumer use of the Site, compiling reports on Site activity for Yardi’s use, and providing other services relating to Site activity and usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Please note that by doing so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Site. The use of cookies by Google Analytics is covered by Google’s privacy policy (<http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/>).

**How We Collect and Use Information.** We may collect information in several ways by your use of this Site, as well as from forms you submit to us, personal correspondence, such as emails or letters that you send to us, information you include in an application you complete on the Site, information you provide when scheduling a property visit through the Site, or any other activity through which you identify yourself to us. When you visit the Site, our servers may log your IP address, the URL of your request and other information that is provided in the HTTP header. We may also ask you to voluntarily provide us with personal information on this Site: for example, while many of the features of the Site are available without registering, you may be asked to create an account on the Site if you desire to access certain features. Further, in some instances, we may ask you to provide personal information in order to perform screening services for property managers or owners. Although you may decline to voluntarily provide Personally Identifiable Information when asked, some features, products and services will be unavailable to you as a result.

In addition, Property Managers and/or our third-party service providers may ask you voluntarily to provide personal information through our Site or on their websites and may share such personal information with us, as governed by their respective privacy policies. Our use of information received from a service provider will be dictated by the service provider's privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy.

If you choose to use the Refer a Friend email link to tell a friend about our site or a property listed on our site, we will ask for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. Yardi stores this information for the purposes of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program only.

To the extent we are able to do so, we may link your Non-Personally Identifiable Information with your Personally Identifiable Information. We may also link information collected online with information we collect offline or collected online by third parties.

Yardi may use the information collected from you to provide services which you have requested from us: including, without limitation, sending your contact information to properties that you are interested in; sending your rental application to properties that you have selected; and enabling you to use the Resident Portal. We may also use your personal information to send you targeted messages, publications, news, and information about events, special offers, promotions and benefits. Yardi may use third-party service providers to send and distribute email and to perform other marketing and support functions. We may use information we collect from you to improve the content of this Site, to enhance users’ experiences when visiting this Site, to analyze trends, administer the Site, gather demographic information the Site’s users, track user movements and to customize the content and layout of this Site for each individual user.

**Email Management.** You may receive emails from Yardi and or RENTCafé for a variety of reasons - for example, if you took an action through the Services, you signed up for a regular report, you signed up for a saved search alert, or you added a property to your favorites list. We respect your desire to manage email correspondence. If you have an account with RENTCafé, you can select your preferences through your account settings. Also, you can manage your receipt of some types of communication by following the instructions included in the email we send you. Please note that, even if you unsubscribe from certain email correspondences, we may still need to email you with important transactional or administrative information. 

**Sharing of Information COLLECTED.** Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, we will not disclose any information we gather from you on our Site. We may share your personal information with the Property Managers that list apartments on the Site. We also may share your personal information with our third-party service providers (including payment processors and screening companies) or with other select third parties who offer goods or services we think may be of interest to you. From time to time, we may partner with other organizations or companies to provide co-sponsored or co-branded promotions, services or events and may share your personal information with our co-sponsor. We also may provide your personal information to service providers or contractors to perform functions on our behalf, such as, but not limited to, companies or individuals hired to: communicate news, deliver Yardi’s promotional materials via e-mail and direct mail, to develop, enhance, market or provide any of Yardi’s products, to process credit card payments and to assist Yardi with sending communications and performing other marketing and support functions. These third parties may use technologies to measure the effectiveness of ads and emails and use information about your visits to our Site so that we may provide you with a better experience on our Site. Yardi also may use third-party social media platforms, including third-party social media websites, to communicate with you.

We also may share with third parties, including, without limitation, our corporate partners, aggregated demographic and statistical information that is not personally identifiable (including, for example, the number of users who searched for certain types of housing, the daily number of unique visitors to the Site, how many users clicked on a particular advertisement and how many users were using a certain internet service provider).

Yardi also may disclose an individual’s personal information:

  * to a person who in the reasonable judgment of Yardi is seeking the information as an agent of the individual;
  * in situations where sharing or disclosing your information is required in order to offer you products or services you desire;
  * to a third party or parties, where disclosure is required or permitted by law, a judicial proceeding, a criminal investigation, a court order, or legal process;  if, in the reasonable judgment of Yardi, it is necessary to enforce compliance with our internal policies or the Terms of Use, to prevent illegal activity or suspected fraud, or to protect our Site, customers, or others; and
  * to any other entity that acquires all or a portion of our organization by merger, reorganization, operation of law, or a sale of some or all of Yardi’s assets.



Yardi may be required to use or disclose your information in connection with a legal action or other proceeding, including without limitation, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request.

Through the Site, Yardi may make available areas that allow for user interaction, including blogs, forums, bulletin board services, chat areas, or other message and communications features. Some of these forums may require registration. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.

**How We Store Your Information.** Yardi is committed to protecting the security of any personal information you provide to us. We maintain commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain the security and privacy of personal information that you provide to us. In spite of these protections, Yardi cannot guarantee the security of any data submitted over the Internet. After your information reaches Yardi, however, it is stored on servers (or in the case of information received from you in person, in writing or over the phone, in physical storage areas) protected by procedures and technology designed to block reasonably foreseeable intrusions by unauthorized third parties. We may store and process your personal information in the United States or Canada or any other country in which we or our agents maintain facilities. By using the Site, you consent to the transfer of your information among these facilities, including those located outside your home country.

**Third-Party Websites.** This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Yardi. This Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites that are accessible through this Site, including but not limited to any third-party websites that process payments or perform screenings on behalf of Yardi, any property website, and ForRent.com. Please be aware that third-party websites that process payments or perform screenings for Yardi and websites for our advertisers, sponsors, affiliated entities and other third parties that are accessible through this Site may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. Yardi is not responsible for the privacy practices of such sites and will not be responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave the Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that you visit.

**RETENTION AND DESTRUCTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.** In order to provide you with the products and services you request, answer questions you may have about the products and services provided, and for our own accountability to external regulatory bodies, we retain your information for a period deemed reasonable under the circumstances. Information stored in client and contact directories are more difficult to systematically destroy, so we remove such information from time to time when it appears we will no longer have a need to contact you, however we will promptly remove such information upon your written request. Paper files containing personal information are destroyed by shredding, and we destroy electronic information by deleting it. When we discard hardware that was used to store data, we ensure that the data is completely and permanently erased or that the hardware is physically destroyed.

**ACCESSING, REVIEWING AND CHANGING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.** You can see, review and change most of your personal information by logging into your account on RENTCafé and editing your Account Profile or by contacting us at the addresses below. If your personal information changes or is inaccurate, you must change it promptly. If we disagree that certain information is incorrect, we will include a brief statement from you on the discrepancy and, if you want us to, we will forward your brief statement on your behalf to anyone who received the information from us.

In some instances, where requested by you and a Property Manager, we will use your personal information to conduct a screening process and/or produce a screening report or provide your information to a screening company in order to obtain a screening report for the Property Manager. The screening report may include credit information. Under the Fair Credit Reporting Act (15 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.), you may have the right to access, view and correct credit information relating to you held by a credit bureau by contacting the credit bureau.

There may be circumstances where your personal information is not accessible, reviewable or able to be modified by you through your RENTCafé account. With some exceptions, you have the right to see what personal information we hold about you. Often all you have to do is ask. We can help you identify what records we might have about you and we will also try to help you understand any information you do not understand (such as abbreviated data or technical language). We may need to confirm your identity before providing you with this access, and we reserve the right to charge a nominal fee for such requests. In some cases, we may require that your request to us for access be made in writing. If we cannot give you access, we will tell you within 30 days or as soon as reasonably practicable and provide you with a reason, as best we can, as to why we cannot give you access.

If we collected personal information on behalf of a third party we may have conveyed that information directly to the third party. If so, it may not exist as part of our own records and you will have to go to the third party to see the information.

**Contact Us.** If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy or the use of information collected, you can contact us by email at: [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#5323213a2532302a1321363d27303235367d303c3e)

Copyright © 2013 Yardi Systems, Inc.

**_CANADIAN RENTCafé PRIVACY POLICY_**

This privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) of Yardi Systems, Inc. (collectively, with its subsidiaries and affiliates, “Yardi,” “we,” “us” or “our”) describes our privacy practices regarding information we collect from persons or entities in Canada (“you” or “your”) who access our RENTCafé websites or our related downloadable mobile applications that we may make available from time to time (collectively, the “Site”).

**PURPOSE.** The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to inform you about the types of information we gather about you, including information gathered when you visit the Site, and information we may receive from third parties or affiliates in addition to that online information, how we may use that information, whether we disclose that information to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, the information. Yardi strives to help visitors of the Site protect their privacy while using our Site.

We collect information on behalf of property owners and managers who list or advertise properties on the Site and/or use services offered through the Site to communicate or transact with potential or actual renters (the “Property Managers”) and for our own use in connection with our operation of the Site. All information pertaining to the specific properties is passed along to that property’s Property Manager. This Privacy Policy governs our use of such information, but does not govern the use, storage and/or further collection of information that may occur at the property level, which use, storage and further collection will be governed by each property’s privacy policy. If made available to us, we will attempt to provide information indicating the location of the property’s privacy policy. If a privacy policy is not available for a property, we will provide appropriate contact information for the property and/or you should seek such information from the Property Manager.

THE SITE IS NOT INTENDED FOR CHILDREN AND YARDI DOES NOT KNOWINGLY SOLICIT OR COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION ON THE SITE FROM CHILDREN UNDER THE AGE OF 13. IF YARDI LEARNS THAT A CHILD UNDER THE AGE OF 13 HAS SUBMITTED PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO YARDI THROUGH THE SITE, IT WILL TAKE REASONABLE MEASURES TO DELETE SUCH INFORMATION FROM ITS RECORDS AND TO NOT USE SUCH INFORMATION FOR ANY PURPOSE (EXCEPT WHERE NECESSARY TO PROTECT THE SAFETY OF THE CHILD OR OTHERS, AS REQUIRED BY LAW, OR AS MAY OTHERWISE BE REQUIRED BY LAW).

**YOUR CONSENT AND POLICY CHANGES.** Please read this entire Privacy Policy carefully. By using the Site, you expressly consent, without qualification, to the collection, use and disclosure of information, including personal information, as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to use the Site.

Yardi may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Should the Privacy Policy be modified in any way, the new Privacy Policy will be posted to this webpage. As we may make changes from time to time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically review the Privacy Policy. By using the Site after the effective date of any modification to the Privacy Policy, you expressly consent, without qualification, to the collection, use and disclosure of information, including Personally Identifiable Information (that you previously provided or later provide), as described in the new Privacy Policy.

**TYPES OF Information COLLECTED.** We collect two types of information: personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable information is information that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you (“Personally Identifiable Information”). We also may collect information that by itself typically cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information (e.g. age, profession or gender), user Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser types, domain names, internet service providers, referring/exit pages, date/time stamp, operating system, clickstream data, information about you such as how you use of the Site and your communication preferences, and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Site (“Non-Personally Identifiable Information”).

Personally Identifiable Information we collect may include, but is not limited to, your name, email addresses, postal addresses, postal codes, social insurance number, driver’s license number, prior addresses, monthly rent paid at prior residences, employers, job titles, income, telephone numbers, credit card information, bank account information and routing numbers, date of birth, gender, age, marital status, user name and password (if you choose to become a registered user of the Site or our products and services), emergency contact information, information about your pets, information about your vehicles including license plate numbers, and other information either desirable or necessary to provide quality services to our customers and visitors. We may also collect information about you such as your use of the Site and communication preferences.

You may choose not to provide your Personally Identifiable Information by not entering it on the Site; however you will not be able to use certain services and features if those services and features require Personally Identifiable Information in order to function.

**USE OF COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNOLOGIES.** Like many other website operators, Yardi may use cookies to customize content specific to your interests and track your use of the Site. “Cookies” are text files that are placed on your computer and may be used to store your personal information. In addition to cookies, Yardi may use other now known or later developed technologies, to assist Yardi in observing the behavior of users visiting the Site. These technologies access individual user information but the information is used only to compile aggregated statistics about the Site’s usage.

This Site uses Google Analytics (and in the future may use other similar sites or services), a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to better assist Yardi in understanding how the Site is used. Google Analytics will place cookies on your computer that will generate information that we select about your use of the Site, including your computer’s IP address. That information will be transmitted to and stored by Google. The information will be used for the purpose of evaluating consumer use of the Site, compiling reports on Site activity for Yardi’s use, and providing other services relating to Site activity and usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Please note that by doing so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the Site. The use of cookies by Google Analytics is covered by Google’s privacy policy (<http://www.google.ca/policies/privacy/>).

**How We Collect and Use Information.** We may collect information in several ways by your use of this Site, as well as from forms you submit to us, personal correspondence, such as emails or letters that you send to us, information you include in an application you complete on the Site, information you provide when scheduling a property visit through the Site, or any other activity through which you identify yourself to us. When you visit the Site, our servers may log your IP address, the URL of your request and other information that is provided in the HTTP header. We may also ask you to voluntarily provide us with personal information on this Site: for example, while many of the features of the Site are available without registering, you may be asked to create an account on the Site if you desire to access certain features. Further, in some instances, we may ask you to provide personal information in order to perform screening services for property managers or owners. Although you may decline to voluntarily provide Personally Identifiable Information when asked, some features, products and services will be unavailable to you as a result.

In addition, Property Managers and/or our third-party service providers may ask you voluntarily to provide personal information through our Site or on their websites and may share such personal information with us, as governed by their respective privacy policies. Our use of information received from a service provider will be dictated by the service provider's privacy policies and not this Privacy Policy.

If you choose to use the Refer a Friend email link to tell a friend about our site or a property listed on our site, we will ask for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. Yardi stores this information for the purposes of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program only.

To the extent we are able to do so, we may link your Non-Personally Identifiable Information with your Personally Identifiable Information. We may also link information collected online with information we collect offline or collected online by third parties.

Yardi may use the information collected from you to provide services which you have requested from us: including, without limitation, sending your contact information to properties that you are interested in; sending your rental application to properties that you have selected; and enabling you to use the Resident Portal. We may also use your personal information to send you targeted messages, publications, news, and information about events, special offers, promotions and benefits. Yardi may use third-party service providers to send and distribute email and to perform other marketing and support functions. We may use information we collect from you to improve the content of this Site, to enhance users’ experiences when visiting this Site, to analyze trends, administer the Site, gather demographic information the Site’s users, track user movements and to customize the content and layout of this Site for each individual user.

**Email Management.** You may receive emails from Yardi and or RENTCafé for a variety of reasons - for example, if you took an action through the Services, you signed up for a regular report, you signed up for a saved search alert, or you added a property to your favorites list. We respect your desire to manage email correspondence. If you have an account with RENTCafé, you can select your preferences through your account settings. Also, you can manage your receipt of some types of communication by following the instructions included in the email we send you. Please note that, even if you unsubscribe from certain email correspondences, we may still need to email you with important transactional or administrative information.

**SHARING OF INFORMATION COLLECTED.** Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as specifically agreed to by you, we will not disclose any information we gather from you on our Site. We may share your personal information with the Property Managers that list apartments on the Site. We also may share your personal information with our third-party service providers (including payment processors and screening companies) or with other select third parties who offer goods or services we think may be of interest to you. From time to time, we may partner with other organizations or companies to provide co-sponsored or co-branded promotions, services or events and may share your personal information with our co-sponsor. We also may provide your personal information to service providers or contractors to perform functions on our behalf, such as, but not limited to, companies or individuals hired to: communicate news, deliver Yardi’s promotional materials via e-mail and direct mail, to develop, enhance, market or provide any of Yardi’s products, to process credit card payments and to assist Yardi with sending communications and performing other marketing and support functions. These third parties may use technologies to measure the effectiveness of ads and emails and use information about your visits to our Site so that we may provide you with a better experience on our Site. Yardi also may use third-party social media platforms, including third-party social media websites, to communicate with you.

We also may share with third parties, including, without limitation, our corporate partners, aggregated demographic and statistical information that is not personally identifiable (including, for example, the number of users who searched for certain types of housing, the daily number of unique visitors to the Site, how many users clicked on a particular advertisement and how many users were using a certain internet service provider).

Yardi also may disclose an individual’s personal information:

  * to a person who in the reasonable judgment of Yardi is seeking the information as an agent of the individual;
  * in situations where sharing or disclosing your information is required in order to offer you products or services you desire;
  * to a third party or parties, where disclosure is required or permitted by law, a judicial proceeding, a criminal investigation, a court order, or legal process;
  * if, in the reasonable judgment of Yardi, it is necessary to enforce compliance with our internal policies or the Terms of Use, to prevent illegal activity or suspected fraud, or to protect our Site, customers, or others; and
  * to any other entity that acquires all or a portion of our organization by merger, reorganization, operation of law, or a sale of some or all of Yardi’s assets.



Yardi may be required to use or disclose your information in connection with a legal action or other proceeding, including without limitation, in response to a court order or a summons. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request.

Through the Site, Yardi may make available areas that allow for user interaction, including blogs, forums, bulletin board services, chat areas, or other message and communications features. Some of these forums may require registration. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information, and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.

**HOW WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION.** Yardi is committed to protecting the security of any personal information you provide to us. We maintain commercially reasonable safeguards to maintain the security and privacy of personal information that you provide to us. In spite of these protections, Yardi cannot guarantee the security of any data submitted over the Internet. After your information reaches Yardi, however, it is stored on servers (or in the case of information received from you in person, in writing or over the phone, in physical storage areas) protected by procedures and technology designed to block reasonably foreseeable intrusions by unauthorized third parties. We may store and process your personal information in the United States or Canada or any other country in which we or our agents maintain facilities. By using the Site, you consent to the transfer of your information among these facilities, including those located outside your home country.

**THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES.** This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Yardi. This Privacy Policy does not apply to other websites that are accessible through this Site, including but not limited to any third-party websites that process payments or perform screenings on behalf of Yardi, any property website, and ForRent.com. Please be aware that third-party websites that process payments or perform screenings for Yardi and websites for our advertisers, sponsors, affiliated entities and other third parties that are accessible through this Site may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. Yardi is not responsible for the privacy practices of such sites and will not be responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave the Site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that you visit.

**RETENTION AND DESTRUCTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.** In order to provide you with the products and services you request, answer questions you may have about the products and services provided, and for our own accountability to external regulatory bodies, we retain your information for a period deemed reasonable under the circumstances. Information stored in client and contact directories are more difficult to systematically destroy, so we remove such information from time to time when it appears we will no longer have a need to contact you, however we will promptly remove such information upon your written request. Paper files containing personal information are destroyed by shredding, and we destroy electronic information by deleting it. When we discard hardware that was used to store data, we ensure that the data is completely and permanently erased or that the hardware is physically destroyed.

**ACCESSING, REVIEWING AND CHANGING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.** You can see, review and change most of your personal information by logging into your account on RENTCafé and editing your Account Profile or by contacting us at the addresses below. If your personal information changes or is inaccurate, you must change it promptly. If we disagree that certain information is incorrect, we will include a brief statement from you on the discrepancy and, if you want us to, we will forward your brief statement on your behalf to anyone who received the information from us.

In some instances, where requested by you and a Property Manager, we will use your personal information to conduct a screening process and/or produce a screening report or provide your information to a screening company in order to obtain a screening report for the Property Manager. The screening report may include credit information. Under provincial legislation, you may have the right to access, view and correct credit information relating to you that is held by a credit report agency by contacting the credit report agency directly.

There may be circumstances where your personal information is not accessible, reviewable or able to be modified by you through your RENTCafé account. With some exceptions, you have the right to see what personal information we hold about you. Often all you have to do is ask. We can help you identify what records we might have about you and we will also try to help you understand any information you do not understand (such as abbreviated data or technical language). We may need to confirm your identity before providing you with this access, and we reserve the right to charge a nominal fee for such requests. In some cases, we may require that your request to us for access be made in writing. If we cannot give you access, we will tell you within 30 days or as soon as reasonably practicable and provide you with a reason, as best we can, as to why we cannot give you access.

If we collected personal information on behalf of a third party we may have conveyed that information directly to the third party. If so, it may not exist as part of our own records and you will have to go to the third party to see the information.

**CONTACT US.** If you have questions regarding our Privacy Policy or the use of information collected, you can contact our Information Officer by email at the following address: [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#f282809b8493918bb280979c8691939497dc919d9f)

He or she will attempt to answer any questions or concerns you might have. If you wish to make a formal complaint about our privacy practices, you may make it in writing to our Information Officer. We will acknowledge receipt of your complaint, ensure that it is investigated promptly and that you are provided with a formal decision and reasons in writing.

This policy is made under the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act. It is a complex Act and provides some additional exceptions to the privacy principles that are too detailed to set out here. There are some rare exceptions to the commitments set out above.

For more general inquiries, the Information and Privacy Commissioner of Canada oversees the administration of the privacy legislation in the private sector. The Commissioner also acts as a kind of ombudsman for privacy disputes. The Information and Privacy Commissioner can be reached at:

  * Address: 112 Kent Street
  * Ottawa, ON K1A 1H3   
 
  * Phone: (613) 995-8210
  * Toll-free: (800) 282-1376
  * Facsimile: (613) 947-6850
  * TTY: (613) 992-9190
  * Website: [www.priv.gc.ca/en/](http://www.priv.gc.ca/en/)



Copyright © 2013 Yardi Systems, Inc.

Updated January 10, 2017 
