> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bellacanvas.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180903145448id_/https%3A//www.bellacanvas.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Bella Canvas | Bella Canvas

**BELLA+CANVAS Privacy and Security Policy**

BELLA+CANVAS (Color Image Apparel, Inc.) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of online visitors to our website. BELLA+CANVAS also recognizes the importance of protecting information collected about you. While visiting the website, we may ask you to register and/or provide information that personally identifies you, including but not limited to any name, address, telephone number, email address, birth date, credit card or payment information, or other information that could be used to contact you or any other identifying information that you may disclose to BELLA+CANVAS for purposes of interacting with our website, including, for example, when you ask for information, enter a contest, order our products, or download material ("Personal Information").

If you choose to provide BELLA+CANVAS with your Personal Information, it will permit us to make your use of our website and services more enjoyable. BELLA+CANVAS uses your Personal Information to help you quickly find goods, services, or information on the website. There is a technology called "cookies" which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a website. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser which may then store it on your system. Some BELLA+CANVAS pages may use cookies so that we may better serve you when you return to our website. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.

Please note that in order to use our shopping cart, you must have cookies enables. BELLA+CANVAS may also track the domains from which this website is visited and use that data to analyze for trends and statistics for our own internal business purposes. BELLA+CANVAS may also aggregate such information and make it available to others as part of its business; however BELLA+CANVAS will not identify you when providing such information. If you choose not to have your personal information used as a basis for further contact with your by BELLA+CANVAS or one of its business partners, you may "opt out." If you choose not to give us your personal information, you can still use most of this website. You merely will not be able to access areas that require registration. Additionally, if you do not want BELLA+CANVAS to send you email or post mail regarding BELLA+CANVAS or its services, you may "opt out" at the time you give us your personal information. Unless otherwise required by law, BELLA+CANVAS does not disclose any personal any personal information to third-parties; however, BELLA+CANVAS reserves the right to make exceptions, such as when we believe that an emergency, illegal activity or some other reasonable basis exists for notifying or providing such information to the appropriate authorities.

**BELLA+CANVAS Security Policy**

Shopping on BELLA+CANVAS is safe because we use highly advanced technology to make sure your information remains secure. We protect your online order and personal information by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. All the data that travels between your computer and our servers is SSL encrypted, and then stored on a computer that's not even hooked up to the Web. To make sure you are accessing a secure server, look at the lower left or right hand corner of your browser window after accessing the server. If you see an unbroken key or closed lock (depending on your browser), then SSL is active. Some versions of browsers and firewalls don't permit communication through secure servers. In that case, you'll be unable to connect to the server so you won't have to worry about mistakenly placing an order through an unsecured connection.
