> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the causecast.org privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170210165003id_/https%3A//www.causecast.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Causecast Corporation ( **“we”** or **“Causecast”** ) know that you care how information about you is used and shared and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. By using the service operated by us and offered through the website located at [http://www.causecast.org](http://www.causecast.org/ "http://www.causecast.org") (the **“Causecast Site”** ), you accept and agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, use, and share information collected on the Causecast Site and through the Causecast online services (collectively, the **“Causecast Platform”** ). We provide this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue using the Causecast Platform. The Causecast Platform enables you to to learn about non-profit organizations ( **“Non-Profits”** ), volunteer with and donate money to them, create fundraising events, and interact with other users on the Causecast Platform (collectively, **“Activities”** ).

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the [Causecast Customer Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20170210165003id_/https%3A//www.causecast.com/terms#employer) and [Participant Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms#employee). Your use of the Causecast Platform and any personal information you provide on the Causecast Platform are subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and the applicable Terms of Use.

  1. **Information Collected By Causecast**

    1. User Provided Information: You may provide to Causecast certain information by which someone could personally identify you, such as your name, email, unique username, or the fundraising activities you organize ( **“Personally Identifiable Information”** ), as well as information about yourself, such as the volunteer activities in which you participate, the donations you make to Non-Profits, or your location, or zip code, by which someone could not personally identify you ( **“Non-Personally Identifiable Information”** ) when participating in Activities on the Causecast Platform. We will refer to Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information collectively as **“Personal Data”**.
    2. Usage Data: As described in this section, we automatically collect certain information when you use the Causecast Platform ( **“Usage Data”** ). Usage Data includes the information that your web browser automatically sends to our servers whenever you visit. The Usage Data collected in our server logs may include information such as your donation history, sign-ups to participate in volunteer events, web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. We send the cookies to your browser when you visit the Causecast Site. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies; however, some features of the Causecast Platform may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. In addition, the Causecast Platform may use third party analytic software (for example, Google Analytics) which is used to collect further Usage Data regarding the online usage patterns of our users. We may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. We may combine Usage Data with Personal Data in a manner that enables us to trace Usage Data to an individual user.
  2. **The Way Causecast Uses Information**

    1. We may use your Personal Data and Usage Data (together, **“User Information”** ) to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Causecast Platform and for its related business purposes.
    2. We do not use your email address or other Personally Identifiable Information to send you marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-out. We may, however, use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major Causecast Site changes or for customer service purposes).
    3. We use your User Information to (i) improve the quality and design of the Causecast Platform and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing user preferences and trends; (ii) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Causecast Platform; (iii) provide custom, personalized content, information, and advertisements; (iv) monitor the effectiveness of the Causecast Platform’s features and offerings; (v) monitor aggregate metrics, such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.; (vi) track the donations you make, the volunteer activities for which you sign up, fundraising events you create, and other uses of the Causecast Platform; and (vii) for our other legitimate legal, business, and commercial reasons.
  3. **Information That Causecast May Disclose**

    1. You may, by using applicable sections of the Causecast Platform (including sections which enable you to donate to Non-Profits, sign up to participate in volunteer events, or create fundraising events), share your User Information, including Personally Identifiable Information, with Non-Profits, your employer, and other third parties (collectively, **“Partners”** ), and other users. Such parties will be able to see your User Information and the Activities in which you participate.
    2. At your request, we may provide User Information to Partners that (i) provide services to you to as part of your use of the Causecast Platform (for example, parties; or (ii) integrate with or provide links to certain third party Internet sites and services (for example, a Non-Profit’s website). Any information you provide to Partners is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that Partner’s policies, if any, governing privacy and security. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of the Partners. We encourage you to learn about our Partners’ privacy and security policies before providing them with information.
    3. We may share Non-Personally Identifiable Information and Usage Data (such as anonymous user usage data, referring /exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with (i) your employer to assist them in understanding employee usage patterns of the Causecast Platform and participation in Activities; (ii) certain third-parties to assist such third parties in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Causecast Platform, and, with respect to aggregated Non-Personally Identifiable Information and Usage Data, for commercial purposes.
    4. We may release any User Information: (i) if required to do so by law, in the good-faith belief that such action is in compliance with state and federal laws (including, without limitation, copyright laws), or in response to a court order, subpoena, legal process, or search warrant; (ii) if we believe in good faith such action is appropriate or necessary to enforce our applicable Terms of Use, exercise our legal rights, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of the Causecast Platform, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Causecast, our users, or others; (iii) to our parent company, affiliated entities, joint ventures, or other entities controlled by, controlling, or under common control with us (in which case we will require such entities to honor this Privacy Policy); or (iv) as otherwise described herein.
  4. **Your Choices**

    1. You may, of course, decline to submit Personally Identifiable Information through the Causecast Platform, in which case Causecast may not be able to provide certain services to you. You may also hide your personal profile information from colleagues and update or correct your personal profile information and email preferences at any time by visiting your account profile page.
    2. Please feel free to contact us with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, your personal information, your consent, or your opt-in or opt-out choices using the contact information in Section 11 below.
  5. **Our Commitment To Data Security**

Causecast uses physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your User Information. Such safeguards include requesting a unique password to verify your identity before granting access to your account profile page. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of User Information you transmit to Causecast and you do so at your own risk. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times. Once we receive your User Information, Causecast makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems, but please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.

  6. **Children's Privacy**

Causecast does not knowingly collect or maintain Personal Data on or through the Causecast Platform from persons under 18 years of age, and no part of the Causecast Platform is directed to persons under 18. If you are under 18 years of age, then please do not use or access the Causecast Platform at any time or in any manner. If we learn that Personal Data of persons under 18 years of age has been collected on the Causecast Platform, we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information from our systems. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under 18 years of age has provided Personal Data to us, then you may alert us at [privacy@causecast.org](mailto:privacy@causecast.org) and request that we delete your child’s Personal Data from our systems.

  7. **Special Note to International Users**

The Causecast Platform is hosted in the United States and is intended for and directed to users in the United States. If you are accessing the Causecast Platform from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure that differ from United States laws, please be advised that your continued use of the Causecast Platform will be governed by United States law, this Privacy Policy, and our applicable Terms of Use. Information about you that we collect or that you submit may be transferred to, processed in, and held in countries other than the one in which you reside, including countries such as the United States which the European Union has deemed do not provide “adequate” protection for personal information.

  8. **In the Event of Merger, Sale, or Bankruptcy**

In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our users in preparation for or as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, assignment, assumption, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, we may not be able to control how your User Information is treated, transferred, or used, and you consent to the transfer of your User Information to any third party successors or assigns.

  9. **Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy**

This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically and this will be reflected in the “date last modified” set forth in Section 10 below. Your continued use of the Causecast Platform constitutes your agreement to the revised Privacy Policy.

  10. **Date Last Modified**

This Privacy Policy was last modified October 18, 2011.

  11. **Questions, Disputes and Contact Information**

If you wish to access, modify, or have any dispute regarding your User Information, please contact us with any questions, comments, or concerns via email at [privacy@causecast.org](mailto:privacy@causecast.org) or via mail at:

     Causecast Corporation  
     ATTN: Privacy Agent  
     8800 Venice Blvd.  
     Suite 217  
     Los Angeles, CA 90034  
     email: [privacy@causecast.org](mailto:privacy@causecast.org)  
     Telephone: 310.558.7080  
     Fax: 310.564.0475



