> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the akdn.org privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180831092220id_/https%3A//www.akdn.org/node/29876) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy of the AKDN.org website | Aga Khan Development Network

Privacy Policy of the AKDN.org website 

**Privacy Policy**

This privacy policy constitutes an integral part of the [terms and conditions](https://web.archive.org/node/29871) of use of the AKDN.org website (the “Site”), which is owned and operated by the Aga Khan Foundation (the “Foundation”).  It describes the ways that the Foundation undertakes to protect your personal data (and that of the person or persons for whom you act as legal representative) (the “Personal Data”), the way in which we collect information from you when you use the Site and for what such data may be used.  This privacy policy applies to any information obtained by the Foundation through your use of the Site.  It is not applicable to any internet websites controlled by third parties that the Site may link to (“Third Party Sites”).  Please review the privacy statements of Third Party Sites, as the Foundation is not responsible for and has no influence on the content or the privacy practices of Third Party Sites.

1\. Personal Data is collected from you in various ways.

From time to time, there may be projects, programmes and services which may allow you to provide Personal Data to us via the Site.  By providing Personal Data, you are consenting to the Foundation’s use of the Personal Data, and you consent that the Foundation may disclose this information to other members of the AKDN and related entities or to third party providers, inside or outside your country of residence, for data processing.  You also consent to the retention of this Personal Data.

In particular, your Personal Data can be collected as set out in the Appendix to this privacy policy.

You are entitled to a copy of your Personal Data and to have it rectified or deleted as required by applicable data protection legislation.  Should you have any concerns or requests regarding your Personal Data, you may send an e-mail to [data.protection@akdn.org](mailto:data.protection@akdn.org).  Please note it may take some time to process your request and to cancel your participation, if this is requested.  During any such period your Personal Data will still be available on the Site.  We will endeavour to amend or remove your information from the Site as quickly as is reasonably possible.

2\. No one under age is allowed to enter any Personal Data or otherwise communicate with the Site, unless the legal representative or representatives of the minor (generally the minor's parents or parent) and us expressly consent in advance.  Personal Data entered by a minor unbeknownst to us without such consent will be deleted from our database as quickly as possible after we become aware of the fact.

3\. We use appropriate technical and organisational security measures in order to protect Personal Data against unauthorised access, accidental or intentional manipulation, loss and destruction.

4\. In order to administer the Site, we may need to transfer Personal Data to locations outside the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) and process Personal Data in locations outside the EEA.  The level of data protection offered in such jurisdictions may be less than that offered within the EEA. By clicking “subscribe”, “submit” “log in”, or “submit by e-mail”, as the case may be, or any other such term which results in you sending us Personal Data, you accept this privacy policy and you provide express consent to such transfers.

5\. The Foundation may disclose Personal Data when required by law or regulation or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to applicable law, comply with legal mandates, or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of personnel of the Foundation, other members of the AKDN, related entities, the Site’s users or the public.

6\. The Site uses “cookies” (text files) which will be saved on your computer and which will allow an analysis of your use of the Site.  This information will be used to compile reports about the Site activities for the Site operator and will facilitate provision of additional services in relation to the Site and internet utilisation.  If you do not wish to receive “cookies”, you may set your web browser to reject these, if your browser so permits.

7\. The Site keeps track of user activity via log files stored on our web servers.  The log files include information on IP addresses, browser types and versions, pages viewed, and entry and exit paths.  Log files assist us in offering a personalised Web experience, diagnosing server problems, administering the website and tailoring information for the end-user.

8\. The Site uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).  Google Analytics uses cookies to help the Site analyse how users use the Site.  The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) may be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.  Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.  Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  By using the Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

9\. If you have consented to receiving e-mail from us, we may include a Web beacon in such e-mails to allow us to determine the number of people who open our emails and the links on which they click.  Web beacons can be refused when delivered via email. If you do not wish to receive Web beacons via email, you will need to disable HTML images in your email software.

10\. By using the Site, you acknowledge that you have read the terms of this privacy policy and that you consent to our use of data for the purposes set out above.  This privacy policy may be amended from time to time and any changes will be posted on the Site and will become effective when posted.

11\. Should you have any concerns or requests regarding your Personal Data, please send an e-mail to [data.protection@akdn.org](mailto:data.protection@akdn.org) or contact the Foundation at: Aga Khan Foundation, 1 – 3 Avenue de la Paix, 1211 Geneva, Switzerland.

**APPENDIX**

You have the option on the Site:

\- of registering for newsletters or electronic bulletins sent by email. In registering your name and e-mail address, you are providing your Personal Data to us via the Site.  By clicking “subscribe” or any other such term which results in you sending us Personal Data, you are consenting to the Foundation’s use of your Personal Data to enable the Foundation to notify you of new initiatives, programmes, events and other news about the AKDN and its related entities, from time to time.  If you wish to cease receiving e-mail bulletins, then click “unsubscribe”.

\- of registering for AKDN job alerts and/or creating a career profile in the career centre.  In registering for job alerts and/or creating your career profile and/or uploading your resume, you are providing your Personal Data to us via the Site.  By clicking “submit” and/or “upload resume” and/or “log in”, or any other such term which results in you sending us Personal Data, you are consenting to the Foundation’s use of your Personal Data to enable the Foundation to notify you of job alerts and keep you informed of available job opportunities.  You consent that the Foundation may disclose your information to third party providers, inside or outside your country of residence, for data processing.  You also consent to the Foundation disclosing to other members of the AKDN and related entities, inside or outside your country of residence, the information contained in your career profile, to determine if there is a potential match with a position.  You consent to the Foundation, other members of the AKDN and related entities retaining your Personal Data in order to be considered for potential positions arising in the future.  You acknowledge and agree that the Foundation and other members of the AKDN and related entities may review the available information on you, including through the use of electronic tools, in order to assess your suitability for a job offer.  If you wish to delete your career profile, then click “delete”, or if you wish to modify your career profile data, then click “log in” and do so.  If you wish to cease receiving job alerts, then click “Remove Job Alerts” at the bottom of the job alert e-mail.

\- of recommending a project for the Aga Khan Award for Architecture (“AKAA”).  In completing the project submission form (or such other form that may be available on the Site), you are providing your Personal Data to us, as well as personal data of others, via the Site.  Before providing such information, please ensure that you have obtained the consent of others to their personal data being disclosed in this way.  By clicking “submit by e-mail” or any other such term which results in you sending us Personal Data, you are consenting to the Foundation’s use of your Personal Data, as well as the Foundation’s use of the personal data of others provided by you, to enable AKDN to notify and interact with you and others regarding the progress of the project through the AKAA review and selection procedure.  If you wish to withdraw or amend the information in a recommended project for AKAA, then contact: The Aga Khan Award for Architecture P.O. Box 2049 1211 Geneva 2, Switzerland at [akaa@akdn.org](mailto:akaa@akdn.org).
