> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kavaint.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160324213729id_/http%3A//kavaint.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Kavaint Group

Privacy:  
Kavaint Group (“Kavaint Group”) operates kavaint.com/ and may operate other websites. It is Kavaint Group’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our websites.  
Website Visitors  
Like most website operators, Kavaint Group collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Kavaint Group’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Kavaint Group’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Kavaint Group may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.  
Kavaint Group also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on kavaint.com/ blogs/sites. Kavaint Group only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site where the comment was left.  
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information  
Certain visitors to Kavaint Group’s websites choose to interact with Kavaint Group in ways that require Kavaint Group to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Kavaint Group gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at kavaint.com/ to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Kavaint Group are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Kavaint Group collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Kavaint Group. Kavaint Group does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.  
Aggregated Statistics  
Kavaint Group may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. Kavaint Group may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Kavaint Group does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.  
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information  
Kavaint Group discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Kavaint Group’s behalf or to provide services available at Kavaint Group’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Kavaint Group’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Kavaint Group will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Kavaint Group discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Kavaint Group believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Kavaint Group, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Kavaint Group website and have supplied your email address, Kavaint Group may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Kavaint Group and our products. If you send us a request (for example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Kavaint Group takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.  
Cookies  
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Kavaint Group uses cookies to help Kavaint Group identify and track visitors, their usage of Kavaint Group website, and their website access preferences. Kavaint Group visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Kavaint Group’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Kavaint Group’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.  
Business Transfers  
If Kavaint Group, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Kavaint Group goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Kavaint Group may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.  
Ads  
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Kavaint Group and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.  
Privacy Changes  
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Kavaint Group may change its Privacy from time to time, and in Kavaint Group’s sole discretion. Kavaint Group encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy. If you have a kavaint.com/ account, you might also receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
