> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the evitamins.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101231075408id_/http%3A//www.evitamins.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# eVitamins - Privacy Policy

This privacy statement covers the site www.evitamins.com. eVitamins is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to enable individuals and organizations to establish trusting relationships based on respect for personal identity and information by promoting the use of fair information practices. **Because eVitamins wants to demonstrate its commitment to our users? privacy, we have agreed to disclose our information practices and have our privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe**. If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should first contact the eVitamins privacy department by one of the following ways:

If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry is not satisfactorily addressed, you should then contact TRUSTe through the TRUSTe Watchdog Dispute Resolution Process (

[ _http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php_](http://www.truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php)

). TRUSTe will serve as a liaison with the Web site to resolve users concerns.

eVitamins respects and is committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect on the site to make shopping at eVitamins possible and to enhance your overall shopping and health experience. **We do not sell, trade, rent or loan your personal information to others, unless instructed by a court of law.** We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site. If you do not want to receive any announcements or special offers from us, contact us by [clicking here](https://www.evitamins.com/email.asp) and tell us to remove you.

What information do we collect?  
To order a product, you will need to set up an account. To set up an account, we will need to know your name, email address, billing and shipping address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. You will also be asked to create a special username and password so that you may access your account in the future (and so you don't have to re-enter all your information again). When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address, and email address so we can administer the contest and notify winners. When you submit a "Contact" request or a "Nutritional Support" request via our website, we will need to know your name, email address and question, however we DO NOT store any of this information on file. We simply need this information so that we may respond to you and answer your question. After a response is given to you, your request information is destroyed. If a user elects to use our referral service for informing a friend about a product offered on our site, we ask them for their friend?s name and email address. eVitamins will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. eVitamins does not store this information. It is only used for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email. If a user chooses to submit a product review, we will need to know your name, email, review description and location so that we may store it to display with your review. You can choose not to have your name, email or location posted to your review, although we will still need to collect the information to keep on file with your review for internal records. Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user?s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.

How do we use it?  
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about new eVitamins services, important functionality changes to the Web site, special offers we think you'll find valuable and most importantly just to see how you are doing. If you never want to receive any announcements or special offers from us, [contact us](https://www.evitamins.com/email.asp) and tell us to remove your name. Or simply log into your account manager and update your communication preferences. 

How does eVitamins services protect customer information?  
To place an order on our site, your browser must except SSL. We use some of the strongest encrypting technology available to safely secure your information. We also protect customer information simply by **never** **selling,** **trading, loaning or renting your personal information to others (EVER!).** eVitamins is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, that are located in controlled facilities. We also run proactive server, network and facility security audits, proprietary encryption algorithms for database storage, redundant systems, and data backup. For more information on our security procedures, please [click here](http://www.evitamins.com/security.asp)

What about "cookies"?  
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies may contain personally identifying information. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies. You will need to enable cookies on your web browser in order to complete the checkout process. Cookies on our site also allow us to maintain login information and session state. Cookies can help us track you across our website to show you the most relevent information to help enhance your shopping experience. Cookies are small pieces of information, limited to 4K that are stored as text files. Cookies are not stored as a script thus, there is no chance of a cookie causing a virus (a common myth about cookies). If you still do not wish to accept cookies, you can always complete your order by calling our toll-free number at 1-888-222-6056 between 9:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m. Mon-Fri.

Will eVitamins disclose the information it collects to outside parties?  
eVitamins may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will never include any personally identifying information. We use an outside shipping company to ship orders (FedEx, DHL, USPS, or UPS), and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies may receive personally identifiable information to help us process your order. These companies will not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. Your personal data will be stored on file for as long as your account is active. An account will become inactive if an order is not placed within 24 months using that account. If your account is inactive it will automatically be deleted from our records. To have your account deleted earlier then the required expiration period, simply [contact us](https://www.evitamins.com/email.asp) and tell us to delete your personal information. If a user?s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users? personally identifiable information. This can usually be done at the account manager or by [contacting](https://www.evitamins.com/email.asp) our Customer Support Department. Or, contact us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed at the bottom of this page. We may share your non-identifiable information such as your zip code with our business partners for demographic purposes. They are not able to personally identify you with this information. We may send your browsing or buying patterns to a third party vendor to administer emails on our behalf or help serve up product placements on our web site that we think you may find enjoyable and personable to help your shopping experience. This information will never contain any personal information. 

What you should know!  
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If, however, we are going to use users? personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days and send all users email notification to have the option to have their information deleted. At eVitamins, we take great pride in serving you and helping you with ALL your health needs. We value the trust you place in us and we would never do anything to compromise this. If you have any questions, concerns, problems or whatever it may be, we want to know. Please use the contact information listed above to get in touch with us.  


What about third parties?  
eVitamins uses tracking technologies and may send anonymous information about your browsing habits to a third party company. Links in our email communications to recipients are tracked via Web Beacons once you land on our website. Web Beacons appear on our website as 1x1 transparent images which transmit information such as your operating system, browser, resolution, geographical location, products ordered, and order total. This information is used to help our webmasters and marketers understand the behavior of visitors to our website and understand the effectiveness of online and email messages. Your information is submitted anonymously, and no sensitive or personally identifiable information is transmitted. When you purchase from us, we send your credit card information, name, and billing address to credit card companies for verification and to authorize your purchase. eVitamins handles the sending of order related and customer service related messages internally, as well as advertising related emails. eVitamins service providers do not retain nor use your personal information, including your email address for any other purpose except to provide the service on our behalf. 

What about email?  
eVitamins sends out order confirmation and order tracking emails to our customers when you place an order. These order related emails are vital to making sure your order is delivered correctly therefore, you do not have the opportunity to opt out or unsubscribe from these order emails. You may also sign up for one of our newsletter emails during the checkout process when placing an order. You may unsubscribe to these newsletters emails at anytime by logging into your account and changing your communication preferences. In addition, you may also unsubscribe to any newsletter email by following the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of each newsletter.

 **eVitamins last updated our privacy policy on:** 3/25/2009
