> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kieselguitars.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180820185448id_/https%3A//www.kieselguitars.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | KieselGuitars.com

  
At Kiesel Guitars, we care about your online privacy and security.  This Privacy Policy applies to KieselGuitars.com, as well subordinate Kiesel online entities, including (but not limited to):

  * KieselGuitars.com

  * CarvinGuitars.com

  * KieselGuitarsBBS.com




**_Our succinct Privacy Policy is this:_**

  * We will never sell, trade, lease or otherwise disclose your personal information.




  * We will take all steps and methods to protect your personal information, including name, address, email address and credit card information. The entire KieselGuitars.com site runs under secure HTTPS protocol to help insure your privacy, and the site is fully PCI compliant. You may click the Thawte logo on the right or the "padlock" (or other icon) in the address bar of your browser to verify the security of this site.


|   
---|---  
  
  * Kiesel Guitars respects, and is compliant with, the California Online Privacy Protection Act (CalOPPA) and the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) used in the European Union.


  


  * **SPECIAL NOTE:** to help ensure your online safety, _Kiesel Guitars does not retain your financial/credit card information on this website or server_. As soon as your order is processed, that information is deleted. All credit card and other personal information is fully encrypted to further help ensure this data remains secure.




**_Our complete Privacy Policy:_**

Our postal address is:

**Kiesel Guitars  
2015 Aldergrove Avenue  
Escondido, CA 92029-1902**

We can be reached via telephone at (858) 484-8277. 

This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for KieselGuitars.com. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. 

Effective date: May 25, 2018

Kiesel Guitars ("us", "we", or "our") operates the https://www.kieselguitars.com website (the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from http://www.kieselguitars.com

## Definitions

  * **Service**

Service is the http://www.kieselguitars.com website operated by Kiesel Guitars.

  * **Personal Data**

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

  * **Usage Data**

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

  * **Cookies**

Cookies are small pieces of data stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

  * **Data Controller**

Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed.

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.

  * **Data Processors (or Service Providers)**

Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.

We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

  * **Data Subject (or User)**

Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.




## Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

  * Email address
  * First name and last name
  * Phone number
  * Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
  * Cookies and Usage Data



We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.

#### Usage Data

We may also collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

#### Tracking & Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

  * **Session Cookies.** We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
  * **Preference Cookies.** We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
  * **Security Cookies.** We use Security Cookies for security purposes.



## Use of Data

Kiesel Guitars uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * To provide and maintain our Service
  * To notify you about changes to our Service
  * To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
  * To provide customer support
  * To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
  * To monitor the usage of our Service
  * To detect, prevent and address technical issues
  * To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information



## Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), Kiesel Guitars legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.

Kiesel Guitars may process your Personal Data because:

  * We need to perform a contract with you
  * You have given us permission to do so
  * The processing is in our legitimate interests and it's not overridden by your rights
  * For payment processing purposes
  * To comply with the law



## Retention of Data

Kiesel Guitars will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

Kiesel Guitars will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## Transfer of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Kiesel Guitars will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure of Data

### Legal Requirements

Kiesel Guitars may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

  * To comply with a legal obligation
  * To protect and defend the rights or property of Kiesel Guitars
  * To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
  * To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public
  * To protect against legal liability



## Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## "Do Not Track" Signals

We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.

You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.

## Your Data Protection Rights Under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. Kiesel Guitars aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

  * **The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you.** Whenever made possible, you can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to perform these actions yourself, please contact us to assist you.

  * **The right of rectification.** You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.

  * **The right to object.** You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.

  * **The right of restriction.** You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.

  * **The right to data portability.** You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.

  * **The right to withdraw consent.** You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where Kiesel Guitars relied on your consent to process your personal information.

  * **The right to be forgotten.** You may request the deletion of any email we hold on you at any time. Noye that requesting deletion is total and irreversible. This means that we will also lose any records of you having ever been on our systems, including any previous order data. If you re-join our systems, by voluntarily providing your personal information, you will appear to us as a completely new data subject. To request deletion of your personal information, contact privacy@kieselguitars.com using the email address we hold for you or otherwise proving your identity. 




Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

You have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

## Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

### Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

  * **Google Analytics**

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page: <https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en>




### Payments

We may provide paid products and/or services within the Service. In that case, we use third-party services for payment processing (e.g. payment processors).

We will not store your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information. Kiesel Guitars is fully PCI-compliant, and our PCI Compliance Officer runs regular scans to ensure this compliance is maintained.

The payment processors we work with are:

  * **Elavon**

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at <https://www.elavon.com/privacy-pledge.html>




## Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

  * By email: privacy@kieselguitars.com
  * By visiting this page on our website: https://www.kieselguitars.com/privacy

  


* * *

##  KieselGuitars.com Legal Statement

Every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of product descriptions, pricing, and other information on KieselGuitars.com, and we are constantly checking and verifying all data presented here.  However, Kiesel Guitars cannot be held responsible for legitimate typographic errors, misprints, mispricing, or coding errors carried out by our programmers and/or other online technical staff. If you spot something on KieselGuitars.com you think is in error, please contact the [ webmaster](mailto:webmaster@kieselguitars.com?subject=Possible%20Error%20on%20KieselGuitars.com).

All content, code, photographs and other graphics, manuals and descriptions are copyright © 1996 - 2018, unless otherwise noted.  All rights reserved.  No portion of KieselGuitars.com or it's subordinate sites may be used, reprinted, copied or sold without explicit written permission from Kiesel Guitars. Product photography many not, under any circumstances, be used on third party sites such as eBay™ for the purposes of selling used Kiesel Guitars products without the express written consent of Kiesel Guitars.
