> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the poi-factory.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180812200548id_/http%3A//www.poi-factory.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement | POI Factory

**Cookies**

This website uses cookies that are required for the website to function properly. Cookies are used to enable user interface customization, the processing of user input, authentication, and other website features.

**Google Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics, which uses cookies and software to collect information about visitor activity on this site. Reports generated by Google Analytics help us understand how visitors are using the website.

For more information about how Google Analytics uses cookies and handles data, see: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html>

**Registration / User Profile Information**

Registration for this website requires that you supply a unique email address and a username of your choosing. 

The username you choose is publicly visible on the website.

The email address you provide is used to send a welcome email with your account information and a temporary password. It might also be used for password recovery purposes, communication between you and POI Factory staff, and communication between you and other website users (see Personal Contact Form).

You can also choose to provide additional information, such as your location, GPS brand/model, other comments, profile picture, signature, etc. This additional information is publicly visible on the website.

**Posted Content**

We offer you opportunities to create and share publicly visible content on this website.

POI Factory is not responsible for any personal information you choose to make public via posted content, and you agree that such sharing will be deemed to have been done by you, not POI Factory.

**Payment Processing**

POI Factory does not handle payment card information. Instead, we use PayPal as a third party payment processor.

When you start the checkout process, POI Factory sends your email address and item selection to PayPal and directs your web browser to PayPal's website.

PayPal handles all of your payment processing details and then directs your web browser back to this website. PayPal notifies POI Factory if your payment was successful but does not share your payment card information with us.

**Personal Contact Form**

Registered users can use the Personal Contact Form to send email messages to other registered users.

If you send a message, your email address is included along with the message so the other user can reply directly to you.

Your user profile has a setting that determines whether or not other registered users can send email messages to you via your Personal Contact Form. (This setting does not prevent POI Factory staff from being able to contact you.)

**Other Information**

We may collect additional information from or about you when you communicate with us via email, phone, or other methods. For example, we might save email messages or make notes about phone conversations.

**Third Parties**

POI Factory does not willfully rent, sell or share your personal information with third parties beyond what's described in this Privacy Statement. However, we may share information in special situations as required by law or government regulations.

**Other Websites**

This website may contain links to other websites for your convenience and information. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those sites.

**Children's Online Policy**

POI Factory does not knowingly collect information about children or sell products to children. In accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you in using this web site.
