> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pointclickcare.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141202050637id_/http%3A//www.pointclickcare.com/us/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

**Wescom Solutions (PointClickCare) Privacy**  
Wescom Solutions has created this privacy statement ("Statement") in order to demonstrate our commitment to customer privacy. Privacy on the Wescom Solutions web site (the "Site") is of great importance to us. Because we gather important information from our visitors and customers, we have established this Statement as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices. We reserve the right to change this Statement and will provide notification of the change at least thirty (30) business days prior to the change taking effect.

**Collected Information**  
We require customers who register to use the services ("Services") offered on our Site to give us contact information, such as their name, company name, address, phone number, and e-mail address, and financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number, and the number of users within the organization that will be using the Services. At the time you express interest in attaining additional information, or when you register for the service, we may also ask for additional personal information, such as title, department name, fax number, or additional company information. Customers can opt out of providing this additional information by not entering it when asked.

Wescom Solutions uses the information that we collect to set up Services for individuals and their organizations. We may also use the information to contact customers to further discuss customer interest in our company, the Services that we provide, and to send information regarding our company or partners, such as promotions and events. Customers are invited to receive an email newsletter by providing an email address. Customer email addresses will not be distributed or shared. Customers can opt out of being contacted by us, or receiving such information from us, at any time by sending an email to support@pointclickcare.com. Separately, customers are also asked to provide an email address when registering for the Service, in order to receive a username and password. We may also email information regarding updates to the Service or company, and will send a Customer Newsletter. Again, email will not be distributed or shared and customers can opt out of receiving any communication by emailing support@pointclickcare.com at the time it is distributed, or at the time any customer registers for the Service.

Except as we explicitly state at the time we request information, or as provided for in the Wescom Solutions Terms of Use, we do not disclose to any third party the information provided. All financial and billing information that we collect through the Site is used solely to check the qualifications of prospective customers and to bill for Services. This billing information is not used by Wescom Solutions for marketing or promotional purposes. Wescom Solutions uses a third party intermediary to manage the credit card processing. This intermediary is solely a link in the distribution chain, and is not permitted to store, retain, or use the information provided, except for the sole purpose of credit card processing. Other third parties, such as content providers, may provide content on the web Site but they are not permitted to collect any information nor does Wescom Solutions share any user information with these parties.

Customers of the Service will be using the Site to host data and information ("Data"). Wescom Solutions will not review, share, distribute, print, or reference any such Data except as provided in the Wescom Solutions Terms of Use, or as may be required by law. Individual records may at times be viewed or accessed only for the purpose of resolving a problem, support issue, or suspected violation of the Terms of Use, or as may be required by law. Of course, customers are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of their user registration and password.

Wescom Solutions may also collect certain information from visitors to and customers of the Site, such as Internet addresses. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems, and to administer our Site in order to constantly improve the quality of the Service. We may also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties.

  
**Cookies**  
Cookies are files that Web browsers place on a computer's hard drive and are used to tell us whether customers and visitors have visited the Site previously. Wescom Solutions uses a persistent cookie to help save and retrieve user names of customers accessing the Site. Wescom Solutions issues a session cookie only to record encrypted authentication information for the duration of a specific session. The session cookie does not include the username or password of the user. If the cookie is rejected, access to and usage of the Service will be denied.

  
**Third Party Sites**  
The Site contains links to other web sites. Wescom Solutions is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites. Customers and visitors will need to check the policy statement of these others web sites to understand their policies. Customers and visitors who access a linked site may be disclosing their private information. It is the responsibility of the user to keep such information private and confidential.

  
**Security**  
Our Site has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the Data under our control. When our Site is accessed using Microsoft Internet Explorer versions 4.0 or higher, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology protects information using both server authentication and data encryption to help ensure that Data is safe, secure, and available only to you. Wescom Solutions also implements an advanced security method based on dynamic data and encoded session identifications, and hosts the Site in a secure server environment that uses a firewall and other advanced technology to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. Finally, Wescom Solutions provides unique user names and passwords that must be entered each time a customer logs on. These safeguards help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of Data.

  
**Opt-Out Policy**  
Wescom Solutions offers its visitors and customers a means to choose how we may use information provided. If, at any time after registering for information or ordering Services, you change your mind about receiving information from us or about sharing your information with third parties, send us a request specifying your new choice. Simply send your request to support@pointclickcare.com.

  
**Correcting & Updating Your Information**  
If customers need to update or change registration information they may so by editing the user or organization record. To update a User Profile, log on to Wescom Solutions and select My Setup to add or update information. To update Organization's data, log on to Wescom Solutions and select Organization Setup. To update billing information please email support@pointclickcare.com or call 800 277-5889. To discontinue the Service and to have data returned, email support@pointclickcare.com or call 800 277-5889.

  
**Additional Information**  
Questions regarding this Statement or the practices of this Site should be directed to Wescom Solution's Security Administrator by e-mailing such questions to security@pointclickcare.com.

**Legal Statement**  
This Web site may contain other proprietary notices and copyright information, the terms of which must be observed and followed. Information on this Web site may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors. Information may be changed or updated without notice. Wescom may also make improvements and/or changes in the products and/or the programs described in this information at any time without notice.

Wescom assumes no responsibility regarding the accuracy of the information that is provided by Wescom and use of such information is at the recipient's own risk. Wescom provides no assurances that any reported problems may be resolved with the use of any information that Wescom provides. By furnishing information, Wescom does not grant any licenses to any copyrights, patents or any other intellectual property rights.

Wescom does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our Web site. Please note that any information or material sent to Wescom will be deemed NOT to be confidential. By sending Wescom any information or material, you grant Wescom an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, perform, modify, transmit and distribute those materials or information, and you also agree that Wescom is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques that you send us for any purpose. However, we will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless: (a) we obtain your permission to use your name; or (b) we first notify you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of this site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required to do so by law.

  
**Security Statement**  
Our Site has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the Data under our control. When our Site is accessed using Microsoft Internet Explorer versions 4.0 or higher, Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology protects information using both server authentication and data encryption to help ensure that Data is safe, secure, and available only to you. Wescom Solutions also implements an advanced security method based on dynamic data and encoded session identifications, and hosts the Site in a secure server environment that uses a firewall and other advanced technology to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. Finally, Wescom Solutions / PointClickCare provides unique user names and passwords that must be entered each time a customer logs on. These safeguards help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of Data.
