> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dnscook.net privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160314153437id_/http%3A//www.dnscook.net/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DNSCook Privacy Policy

This policy applies to all pages of DNSCook (http://www.dnscook.net or http://dnscook.net). The policy explains what types of information DNSCook collects and displays on it's pages and how that would affect your privacy. Specifically, the policy explains how your personal information is protected. 

**Your Personal Information** : You don't have to register or give us your email address to use DNSCook. The use of the site can be done completely anonymously. Your personal information like IP address, domain name, city and country of origin is not logged along with the domain name, DNS or IP Address queries that you search for at DNSCook. DNSCook does not use this information to do data mining. However, the web server of DNSCook has access logs that does include your IP address. These logs are required to safeguard our site against spammers, hackers and potential attacks against our site. These logs are deleted every six months. These web server logs do not include the DNS or IP Address searches that you perform on DNSCook. 

**Statistics about a domain name** : DNSCook displays general anonymous statistics about a domain name or IP address. This includes the Google page rank, the traffic rank, reviews and ratings, the site's title, meta description and meta keywords and the IP address associated with the DNS Record of the domain name. We use this information for anonymous data mining to analyze trends in the data. 

**Tweets on a domain name** : We search twitter to display the latest tweets on a domain name. These are anonymous as long as the person or user name who tweeted the tweets chooses not to disclose his personal information on Twitter. We do not use this information to do data mining. For more information on Twitter, see Twitter's privacy policy. 

**IP Information** : DNSCook displays the information on an IP address like the location which includes the city, country and state. DNSCook also displays information on whether a site is blacklisted in SpamHaus. SpamHaus is a database of blacklisted IP addresses. An IP Address is blacklisted if it engages in illegal activities like spam or "hacking" attempts. DNSCook queries SpamHaus and displays whether an IP address associated with the "A" Record of a domain name is blacklisted. IP addresses change frequently and it is possible that your IP address was used by a spammer before it was assigned to you. If your IP address is indeed blacklisted, please see www.spamhaus.org on ways to remove the IP address from the blacklist. 

**Reverse IP** : The reverse IP information about a domain name displays the domain names hosted on the same IP addresses. DNSCook displays this anonymous information about how many and which domain names are hosted on an IP address. DNSCook also displays how many IP addresses and which IP addresses are used by a domain name. This information changes frequently and we update it often. If you believe that the information has changed significantly and you are no longer the owner or the user of an IP address, please do send in an update request to DNSCook Webmaster. We will update the data at your earliest convenience. 

**WHOIS Database** : The WHOIS database is a database of contacts of a domain name. This includes the registrant, and the administrator, the created date of a domain name, its name servers, the expiration date and the registrar at which a domain name was registered. This information can be anonymous if you choose to register a domain name anonymously. There are companies that offer privacy protected or "proxied" contacts for a domain name. If you choose not to use a "proxied" WHOIS record, your personal information may be displayed in the WHOIS record of your domain name. These records are public and you should keep them updated, current and correct. 

**HTTP Headers** : The HTTP headers of a domain name are displyed by DNSCook which include the server used, updated date, the type of a page and so on. This anonymous information about a domain name is for determining whether a site is up or down, and what types of technologies does the site use in its architecture. 

**Cookies** : Cookies are small textual pieces stored on your computer's special "cookies" folder. Cookies are stored only if you allow your browser to accept cookies. We do not make use of cookies on our site. We do not log sessions and IP addresses. However, we make use of third party advertisements which may use cookies to personalize the advertisements shown to you. 

**DNS Records** : DNSCook has the capability of displaying the DNS records of a domain name like the "A", "MX", "CNAME", "SOA", "TXT" records. These records do not generally include personal information and are quite anonymous except in cases in which you decide to include personal information in the "SOA" or "TXT" records. The "A" records are the IP addresses of a domain name. The "MX" records are the mail exchanger or email servers of a domain name. "CNAME" records point a domain name or a subdomain to another domain name or a subdomain. "SOA" stands for start of authority and can include the authoritative information about a domain name. "TXT" records can include any textual information about a domain name. All of these records are in complete control of the domain name owner and administrator. We only display what you are fed to your DNS Servers. 

**IP WHOIS Database** : The IP whois databse like ARIN or APNIC contains the ownership information about an IP address. This information generally contains the contact inforation of the administrator of an IP address or an IP address block. This includes things like the company that owns an IP address, and abuse contacts for an IP address block. 

**Privacy is important to DNSCook** : Protecting the privacy of our users is highly important to us. We take significant measures to make sure that information collected by DNSCook is anonymous, and does not have a detrimantal effect on the privacy of our visitors. If you want to comment on this policy, feel free to contact our webmaster at the email address in the footer of this policy. 
