> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cpacoreg.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171228145916id_/http%3A//www.juneexchange.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY | June Exchange

**Effective Date:** July 9, 2013

### JuneExchange.COM PRIVACY POLICY

[JuneExchange.com](http://www.juneexchange.com/), a property of JuneMedia.com, has created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy and the protection of your personally identifiable information at the [JuneExchange.com](http://www.juneexchange.com/) website (the “Website”). As part of our business, we collect and, in some instances, may disclose information about you – but only as set forth in this Privacy Policy. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our personal information collection and use practices and the choices that you can make concerning the use of your personal information. This Privacy Policy also applies to individuals that have agreed to receive e-mail marketing from June Exchange or one of our advertising partners, whether at the Website, via e-mail, on third-party websites or otherwise.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, you should contact June Exchange by email to [privacy@junemedia.com](mailto:privacy@junemedia.com).

#### INFORMATION COLLECTED AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION

Since JuneExchange.com is a property of June Media Inc, June Media is an owner of the information collected on this site. This Privacy Policy also applies to visitors to the Website that have agreed to receive e-mail marketing from [JuneExchange.com](http://www.juneexchange.com/), but have not separately registered to become a [JuneExchange.com](http://www.juneexchange.com/) member. The personal profile information that you submit to June Exchange remains your property, but by submitting that information to June Exchange, its partners including, but not limited to, Recipe4Living.com, FitandFabliving.com, Workitmom.com and/or any and all other affiliates, you grant JuneExchange.com the right to use that information for marketing purposes. If you are a resident of the State of California and would like to opt-out from the disclosure of your personal information to any third party for marketing purposes, please email us at [privacy@junemedia.com](mailto:privacy@junemedia.com).

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect data when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site, other sites, and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please see: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>

Members of JuneExchange.com or related network include publishers and advertisers involved in advertising transactions. Member information collected includes personally identifiable information that is necessary to conduct business, such as name, phone number, email address, social security number, and/or tax ID number. Payments made to and from June Exchange or June Media require the provision of and certain collection of personally identifiable information that may include bank account information and credit card numbers. Phone numbers may be used to contact Members for sales or inventory acquisition purposes. All Member information is collected, modified (as needed) and stored in a password protected environment. This information is used for service, media delivery, contact, billing and accounts payable purposes. We will not sell, share (except as provided for herein), or rent this information to non-June Media related entities and affiliates. All Member information collection is explicit, voluntary, and manually entered by the Member or its agent.

“Cookies” are files (e.g. flash browser objects or http header) that are stored on your web-enabled client (such as your web browser). Cookies may be used to optimize and personalize the member’s experience and allow June Exchange to monitor log ins and site traffic patterns. Members who choose to reject all cookies may have difficulty navigating the password protected areas of the website.

We record the IP address of members at each login, and this information is part of a secure database and is password protected.

We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from customer lists, analyzing data, and providing marketing analysis. These agents have access to our members’ personal information as needed to perform their functions for June Exchange, but we do not permit them to use our members’ personal information for other purposes.June Exchange may provide email address and basic account data to an Advertiser or Publisher or third party to facilitate a potential or continued working relationship between the third party, Advertiser and Publisher or for compliance matters. Once an affiliation is established, Advertiser and Publisher (or their agents or other third parties as designated by a Member) are privy to their respective campaign information, including anonymous Internet user transaction data for Internet users referred by Publisher and any other information that a Member may instruct June Exchange to disclose. The security of Member information is crucial to our success in the highly competitive field of online advertising. June Exchange may, from time to time, use “gallery” pages or newsletters to identify Publishers and Advertisers by business identity ONLY. In the event that June Exchange or June Media are acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information we have collected from you as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors’ rights generally, we may not be able to control how your information is treated, transferred, or used.

June Exchange reserves the right to release current or past member information in the eventJune Exchange believes that the membership is being or has been used in violation of the Website’s terms and conditions, or to commit unlawful acts, if the information is subpoenaed, or when June Exchange or June Media deems it necessary or appropriate. By agreeing to these conditions, you hereby consent to disclosure of any record or communication to any third party, when JuneMedia.com, in its sole discretion, determines the disclosure to be appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your e-mail address with other third-parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended from time to time, and Federal Trade Commission enabling regulations.

#### Minors

Individuals under 18 years of age are not permitted to participate in obtaining products and/or services at June Exchange. No information should be submitted to, or posted at, June Exchange by visitors under 18 years of age without the prior consent of their parent or guardian. Notwithstanding the foregoing, children 13 years of age and younger are not permitted to access June Exchange for any reason and we do not knowingly collect personal information from such children. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the interactive activities of their children.

#### Third-Party Links

June Exchange does not endorse, nor is June Exchange responsible for the accuracy of, the privacy policies and/or terms and conditions of each of the advertisers and/or third parties accessible through the June Exchange Website. The entities that advertise and/or place banner ads at June Exchange are independent third parties and not affiliated withJune Exchange.

#### Security

June Exchange has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of personal information under our control. Please be advised that, although we take every reasonable technological precaution available to protect your data, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, June Exchange cannot warrant that your information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data at or through our Website is at your own risk. However, access to your information is strictly limited, and not accessible to the public. Our employees are dedicated to ensuring the security and privacy of all June Exchange user information. Employees not adhering to our firm policies are subject to disciplinary action.We routinely evaluate our data security practices to identify security threats or opportunities for improvement.

#### Site and Service Updates

We may send Members website and service announcement updates by email. Members are not able to un-subscribe from service announcements because they contain important information about the service. We communicate with Members to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.

#### Correcting/Updating Personal Information

If a Member’s personally identifiable information changes (such as his/her email address), the Member should correct and update his/her information in the June Exchange or applicable Member area. Updates may also be made by contacting [privacy@junemedia.com](mailto:privacy@junemedia.com)

#### ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY

By using this Website including, without limitation, signing up for offers and/or continuing to receive information from June Exchange, you agree to the June Exchange Privacy Policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, and/or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on our Website. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of [JuneExchange.com](http://www.juneexchange.com/) or acceptance of our e-mails following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy will mean that you accept any and all such changes and agree to continue receiving directing marketing from us and other third party companies. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@JuneMedia.com or at: June Exchange, Customer Service, 132 W 36th St, New York, New York 10018.

YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE OVER PRIVACY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND APPLICABLE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. You also agree that you have provided notice to, and obtained consent from, any third party individuals whose personal data you supply to us with regard to: (a) the purposes for which such third party’s personal data has been collected; (b) the intended recipients or categories of recipients of the third party’s personal data; (c) which of the third party’s data are obligatory and which data, if any, are voluntary; and (d) how the third party can access and, if necessary, rectify the data held about him/her.
