> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yale.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140618002745id_/http%3A//yale.edu/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Yale University is committed to protecting your privacy. Any information you voluntarily provide to us through a Yale University website such as email address, name, or phone number will never be sold or traded to other colleges, universities, nonprofit organizations, or businesses. Yale University might use this information to inform you of changes to that website or to provide you other news and information about that site that we believe would be of interest to you.  At your request, Yale University will remove any contact information you provided from its files.

  **Information gathered automatically**  
Unless you take steps to browse the Internet anonymously, Yale University, similar to most institutions and organizations on the Internet, tracks web browsing patterns to inform understanding of how our sites are being used. Generic information is collected through the use of "cookies," which are text files placed on your computer, to evaluate usage patterns so that we can improve both content and distribution. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however, doing so may prevent you from using the full functionality of all of our websites. The generic information we collect is based on IP address, which is the location of a computer or network, and is not linked to your specific email address in any of the reports or other material compiled by Yale University. Yale University will not associate your IP address and web usage data with any other information held by Yale University that can specifically identify you unless required to do so by law. 

Some sections of Yale University owned websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use our sites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website includes your IP address. This information will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

Please visit the following pages for more information on Google Analytics [terms of use](http://www.google.com/accounts/TOS) and Google's [privacy practices](http://www.google.com/privacy.html). 

**Information you provide to us**  
To communicate effectively with visitors to our website, we may ask you for personally-identifiable information that can include, by way of illustration, name, email address or phone number. Yale University will never sell or trade personally-identifiable information you voluntarily provide to us such as name, email address or phone number, to other colleges, universities, nonprofit organizations, or businesses unless one or more of the following conditions apply: 

  * We have your consent to share the information.
  * We are sharing such information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal processes 



**External links**  
Some Yale University websites may contain links to external websites not owned by, or officially affiliated with, Yale University in any way. Yale University is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. 

**Changes to this policy**  
When we make changes to this policy, the changes will be highlighted on the top of this page for one month before going into effect. The highlights will then remain on top of the page for three months to keep you informed of the change. 

**Contact information**  
If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this website, you can contact: 

Yale University  
Office of Digital Dissemination  
203.432.1060
