> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yalwa.in privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130403192157id_/http%3A//www.yalwa.in/info/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Yalwa Info pages

The following clauses shall explain when and to which extent personal data is handled, collected, promoted and used by Yalwa.

* ### Collection and processing of personal data

Ads on Yalwa are obviously made available to the public. Our servers are located in the European Union. If you choose to provide us with personal information, you are consenting to the transfer and storage of that information to and on our servers in the European Union. 

We collect and store the following personal information: 

  * Email address, physical location/contact information and financial information (depending on the service used)
  * Computer sign-in data, statistics on page views, traffic to and from Yalwa as well as ad data (Through cookies which you can disable on your browser. However, this is likely to affect your ability to use the site in terms of functionality). 
  * Other information including your IP address and standard web log information.



We point out that data transmission over the Internet (eg communication via e-mail) can lead to security issues. A complete protection of data against access of third parties is not possible.

* ### Transfer of personal data

Transfer or provision of personal data to a third party occurs only if Yalwa is lawfully obligated to provide information to authorities in relation to an ad that a user has posted, or if the user has given prior consent to the release of personal data. Otherwise, personal data will not be released, shared or sold to third parties for marketing or advertising purposes without prior permission from the user.

* ### Cookies

Yalwa uses "cookies" in connection with the web browser for optimum usage of the site. A "cookie“ is a small piece of data coming from our web server that is stored in the user's hard drive or other storage device. The user may choose to disable or adjust enabled cookies accordingly by configuring their web browser. However, disabling or deleting cookies may result in the unavailability of some functions and features of the website.

Yalwa uses cookies to remember the last activity of the user on the website, for the user's own convenience. This applies in terms of saving the user's details (username and password) and settings on applications. Cookies are used to identify the used computer. No personal data except the users IP-address is saved.Yalwa does not use technology that may combine information obtained by cookies with personal user data, so as to detect the identity or email address of users.

* ### Use of Facebook Social Plugins

Our website uses plugins provided by the social network facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). The plugins are identifiable by a Facebook logo or the “Lik button. For a full list of Facebook plugins please see: <http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/>

When you visit a page of our website that contains a social plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to Facebook servers, enabling Facebook to receive information about you having accessed the respective page of our website with your IP address. If you click the FB “Like” button while you are logged in on Facebook, the content of our page can be linked on your Facebook profile. Therefore if you are logged into Facebook, your visit can be assigned to your Facebook account. We point out that we do not have knowledge about the data gathered and its use by Facebook. For more information, please visit Facebook’s privacy policy: [http://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php](http://facebook.com/policy.php)

If you are a Facebook member and do not want Facebook to connect the data concerning your visit to our website with your Facebook member data, please log off Facebook before entering our website.

* ### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help analyze the usage of the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States in most cases.

In case IP-anonymisation is activated on this website, your IP address will be truncated within the area of Member States of the European Union or other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be first transferred to a Google server in the USA and then truncated there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing them other services relating to website activity and internet usage. The IP address, that your browser conveys within the scope of Google Analytics, will not be associated with any other data held by Google.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. You can also opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics with effect for the future by downloading and installing Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on for your current web browser: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>

* ### Google AdSense

This website uses Google AdSense, a service for including advertisements from Google Inc. ("Google"). Google AdSense uses "cookies", text files that are stored on your computer, to analyze the use of this website. Google AdSense uses also use web beacons (invisible graphics). Through these web beacons information such as traffic can be analyzed.

This usage information, generated by cookies and web beacons (including your IP address) and the display of advertisements are transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. This information can be given to Google partners. But Google will not associate your IP-address with other saved data they have from you. You can prevent the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.

However, we point out that in this case you may not be able to fully use all features of this website. By using this website you agree to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner described above and for the aforementioned purpose.

* ### Google +1

  1. #### Information collection/gathering and dissemination of information

With the the Google +1 interface, you can publish information worldwide. With the aid of the Google +1 interface you and other users receive personalized content from Google and our partners. Google will store both the information that you have given +1 for some content, as well as information about the page that you were viewing when you clicked on +1. Your +1s can be displayed on the Internet as a guide along with your name and profile photo in Google services, such as in search results or in your Google profile, or elsewhere on websites and ads on the internet.

Google records information about your +1- activities to improve Google's services for you and others. To use the Google +1 button, you need a world-wide public Google profile, which must contain at least the chosen name for the profile. This name is used in all Google services. In some cases, this name can also substitute a different name that you used when sharing content with your Google Account. The identity of your Google profile may be shown to users who know your e-mail address, or have any other identifying information from you.

  2. #### Use of information collected

Besides the above-mentioned uses, the information you provide will be used in accordance with the applicable Google privacy policies. Google may release aggregated statistics about users' +1 activities or give these findings to users and partners, such as publishers, advertisers or connected sites.



* ### Twitter

Our website contains plugins from Twitter. These plugins are solely provided by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. Through the use of Twitter and the "Re-tweet" function, the web pages you visit will be linked to your Twitter account and be visible to other users. Data will also be transferred to Twitter. We point out that we as providers of the site have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data and its use by Twitter. For more information, please see the privacy policy of Twitter at http://twitter.com/privacy. You can change your privacy preferences at Twitter in the account settings under: <http://twitter.com/account/settings>.

* ### Third party/External websites

Please be aware that other websites and other internet users may collect any personal information such as your e-mail address that is published on the websites of Yalwa. This is due to the natural interconnectedness of the internet. Our data protection policies only apply to Yalwa and do not cover external websites nor cover the external activities of the users and the consequences arising thereafter. Yalwa offers users the possibility to interact with Yalwa users and post ads under a cipher as an added security measure. This considerably hinders third parties from collecting users' personal data. Yalwa also uses Javascript to encode your email address (that was submitted as a contact email) to prevent the scanning of users' email addresses through external software. However, email addresses that are published openly in the ad itself are not covered by this security feature.

* ### Right of withdrawal and information

Personal information provided to Yalwa may be requested for deletion at any time provided that the information is not needed for a running transaction or is not lawfully required for safekeeping. If you have given the permission for the transmission of personal information to a third party, you may at any time cancel or withdraw this permission. Information regarding all personal information saved on Yalwa can be provided on request and free of cost. You have the possibility of requesting eventual corrections to erroneous and non-current data at any point.

* ### Responsible authority

Questions regarding data privacy and protection should be addressed to Sorry, you need Javascript ON to see the email address (spam protection).
