> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the buxpa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-02-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190203233629id_/http%3A//buxpa.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Express ADS

We created this privacy policy statement in order to show our firm commitment to your privacy. By using expressads.ae and its related sites, application, services and tools, and/or registering for an eBay account, you expressly consent to our collection, use, disclosure, and retention of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy and in our User Agreement Your email address is confidential and we will it not make it available, under any circumstances, to commercial third-parties. When placing ads, our web logs track the current date and time and the IP address used. In order to enforce its http://expressads.ae/terms.php, expressads.ae may disclose information about its users to law enforcement agencies or others. This is particularly the case if a user defrauds other expressads.ae users, deliberately places an ad impersonating another person, or publishes anothers person's private information. Cookies and Web Beacons In the course of paid ads being served on this web site, third parties may be placing and reading cookies on your browser, or using web beacons to collect information. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Advertising We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies. Credit Card / Payment Information All credit/debit cards' details or information will NOT be stored, sold, shared, rented or leased to any third parties. Contacting Us If you have any questions about this privacy statement, please send a message to contact@expressads.ae 
