> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cowgirlmagazine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180630051908id_/https%3A//cowgirlmagazine.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Cowgirl Magazine

COWGIRL MAGAZINE  
WEBSITE PRIVACY STATEMENT

Welcome to the Web site for COWGIRL, cowgirlmagazine.com. This site is owned by Modern West Media, Inc. We at COWGIRL recognize that many visitors to our website are concerned about the information that they provide to us or that may be collected, and how we treat that information. In order to address those concerns we have adopted this website Privacy Statement.

A. TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED

At this website, we may collect both personally identifiable information and non-personal information from you.

1\. Personally identifiable information. You don’t have to provide us with your personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, telephone number, email address) in order to read most of what is posted on this site. We do collect personally identifiable information about you when you set up an account with us or place an order from the site. Such information may include name, address, phone number, email address, credit card numbers, expiration dates, CVV codes, as well as billing and shipping addresses. We may also collect personally identifiable information about you when you submit comments, sign up to receive emails or newsletters from us, enter a contest, respond to a survey, email us, or when we alert you that you must submit personally identifiable information. Without this information, we would not be able to fulfill your orders, or respond to your inquiries, entries, and requests. Please also note that several features of the site, such as advertisements, may be operated by third parties. These third parties may also obtain personally identifiable information from you in order to use their services. Please check their privacy policies for information about their privacy practices. In some cases these third parties may provide your personally identifiable information to COWGIRL.

2\. Non-personal information. Non-personal information, such as which pages on the site are accessed, what information is downloaded, what type of browser and operating system are being used, which Internet service provider is being used, and other information of this general type may be collected about visitors to the site. This information does not allow us to personally identify the site visitor. By collecting this information we learn how best to develop our website to meet the needs and desires of our visitors.

B. METHODS OF INFORMATION COLLECTION

Personally identifiable information is collected when submitted by you—such as when you sign up for an account with us, place an order for a product, or when you send us an email. Personally identifiable information may also be collected when you include it as part of a comment or letter that you post on the site or submit to us. Your personally identifiable information may be collected by third party service providers and then provided to COWGIRL by the third party. Non-personal information may be collected via “cookies” (small text files placed on your computer’s hard drive), “web beacons,” or other technology.

C. HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION  
1\. Personally identifiable information. If you sign up for an account with us or place an order from the site, then we may use your personally identifiable information to maintain your account and to correspond with you. We may also use it to send you materials that we think would be of interest to you. If you enter one of our contests, then we may use your personally identifiable information for purposes of the contest (such as to notify you if you win) and/or in accordance with the contest rules. We may also provide your personally identifiable information to the sponsor(s) of the contest, publish information concerning the winner of the contest, and/or for any other lawful purposes. If you email us or ask to be placed on a mailing list that we maintain, then we may contact you and send information to you. If you register to purchase merchandise or subscriptions through this website, then we may use your personally identifiable information to maintain your account and/or process your order. If we receive your personally identifiable information from a third party service provider, then we may use the information to contact you and to assist in performing the service for which you have registered with the third party. In addition to the uses listed above, we may use your personally identifiable information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, as part of a statistical website usage analysis, and/or to improve the features and content of this website. We may also use your personally identifiable information to assist in delivery of content that is customized to your interests. We do not collect personally identifiable information on an automatic basis, but we may combine non-personal information (which may be automatically collected) with your previously submitted personally identifiable information. We may also use your personally identifiable information as set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.

2\. Non-personal information. We may use your non-personal information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, as part of a statistical website usage analysis, to improve the features and content of this website, and/or for other purposes to assist our business. We may share such information with advertisers and other third parties, typically in the aggregate. We may also use your non-personal information as set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.

3\. Links from the site to advertisers and other third parties. Please be aware that COWGIRL‘s advertisers, business partners, sponsors, service providers, and other third parties accessible through the site (such as via links from this site and/or framed on this site) may have their own privacy practices. COWGIRL is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of the third parties when providing information to them. These third parties may provide the personally identifiable information that they collect to COWGIRL and may also use the information in accordance with their own privacy practices. Financial institutions, such as those which process credit card orders, are subject to federal privacy laws.

4\. Other third parties. During the course of its business, COWGIRL uses third party service providers, such as lawyers and accountants, to perform a variety of functions. In some instances, COWGIRL may need to provide personal and/or non-personal information about you to such third parties. However, all third party service providers that are not linked from the site are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than that for which they were selected to work with COWGIRL.

5\. Public forum. If you submit a comment, email, or similar correspondence, the information in your submission may be published to the general public. Please exercise caution when making such submissions.

6\. Other uses. In addition to the uses set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, COWGIRL may use or disclose personal or non-personal information: (i) in cases where we believe in good faith that it is necessary to prevent a crime, an injury, or financial loss to ourselves or to third parties; (ii) to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of this site; (iii) pursuant to a court order, warrant, subpoena, discovery request, or as required by law; (iv) in conjunction with the sale or offering for sale of some or all of COWGIRL; (v) in the event of COWGIRL‘s bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, or similar financial circumstances; and/or (vi) when you have been made aware of the possibility of use or disclosure of the information at or prior to the time of collection.

D. OUR COMMITMENT TO SECURITY  
We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures that we believe are appropriate to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of our databases or site, nor can we guarantee that information will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet. In order to use some of the features of this site, you may be required to create an account with us. For your protection, this account will only be accessible by means of a password or similar security measure. If you believe that your password or email address has been compromised, you should change your account with us immediately. If you forget your password, follow the instructions on the login page.

E. CHILDREN  
COWGIRL does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through this Site unless such collection is done in accordance with the law. If you are a child under the age of 13 who intends to submit information to COWGIRL through this Site, you must obtain your parent’s consent prior to making such a submission. In the event that COWGIRL obtains actual knowledge that you are a child under the age of 13, COWGIRL may require that you (and/or your parent) prove to us your prior parental consent. Even if you are 13 or over, we recommend that all children under the age of 18 obtain parental consent prior to the submission or purchase of anything through this site.

F. ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION AND “OPT OUT” PROCEDURES  
If you would like to access or change any other personal information that we have collected, or would like to “opt out” of our collection, retention, or disclosure of any other information, please email us at publisher@cowgirlmagazine.com or send mail to COWGIRL, 6702 East Cave Creek Road, Suite 5, Cave Creek, AZ 85331. Subject to COWGIRL‘s protection of itself and others, disclosures for legal reasons, and our current technological capabilities, we may be able to assist you. Please keep in mind that to protect your privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access to any personally identifiable information or “opt out” capabilities. To change the information that you submitted to third party service providers, such as in conjunction with personal ads, classified ads, or blogs, please contact the service provider. Their policies will dictate the extent to which you can access or change the information that they have collected about you.

You can unsubscribe from receiving COWGIRL emails at any time by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link in the footer of any COWGIRL weekly emails. Please note, if you unsubscribe, you will be removed from all COWGIRL mailing lists.

G. PARENTAL OPTIONS AND REVIEW  
Parents of children under the age of 13 have the option to agree to the collection and use of their child’s personal information without consenting to the disclosure of the information to third parties (subject to COWGIRL‘s protection of itself and others, disclosures for legal reasons, and COWGIRL‘s current technological capabilities). In addition, parents can review the personal information provided by their child under the age of 13, ask to have it deleted and refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child’s information (subject to the same items as above). In order to make these requests, parents should follow the “Opt Out” procedures set forth in the “Access to Your Personal Information” and “Opt Out” Procedures section of this Privacy Policy. Please note that, while this site will not require more information from children under 13 than is reasonably necessary to participate in any activity or event, deletion of required information (such as information that would permit COWGIRL to contact the winner of a contest) may result in termination of the child’s participation in an event or activity. Parents should also note that the official rules for contests and promotions on this website may contain additional information related to their children’s privacy and the parents’ rights and responsibilities.

H. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT  
This Privacy Policy may be changed from time to time, so we encourage you to check back with every visit to the site. If you do not agree to one or more of the changes, you may choose to “opt out,” using the procedures set forth above. Once the change has been made, all information collected by the site before or after the change will be subject to the new terms of the Privacy Statement. The current version of this Privacy Statement is effective May 24, 2018.

CONTACT US  
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us as follows:

Email: [publisher@cowgirlmagazine.com](mailto:publisher@cowgirlmagazine.com)

Mail: COWGIRL  
6702 East Cave Creek Road  
Suite 5  
Cave Creek, AZ 85331
