> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eteamz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061225005036id_/http%3A//eteamz.active.com/company/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# eteamz.com - The Team Sports Web Site Leader

[Click here to review the Children's Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/company/privacy/children/)   
eteamz is committed to safeguarding your privacy online. We have posted this privacy policy to help you understand how your personal information will be treated as you use and enjoy our web Site. This policy may change from time to time, so please check back periodically.

_Collection of Information_

As you navigate the Site, eteamz or its affiliates may be collecting or tracking personal information, either by asking you to tell us something about yourself (for example, when you input your name, address, and email address during the registration process), or by using data-tracking software that tells us what advertisements or parts of the Site have been of interest to you. Information about your activities may also be collected on an aggregate (i.e., group) basis, where we will not know or keep track of precisely who you are. eteamz or its affiliates may use this information, personal and aggregate, to tell you and other users about products or services that may be of interest to you; this information may also be shared with other parties from whom we believe you may want to receive information. Personal information may also be used to contact you again, either by electronic communication (such as email) or by regular mail or telephone. The more information you volunteer, the better we can create a personalized experience at eteamz and tailor our services to your needs.

Please be aware that advertisements displayed on the eteamz Site or third party web sites which are linked from the eteamz Site may also collect information about you. The information practices of those advertisers and web sites often are outside of our control and are not covered by this privacy policy.

Active has established and maintains reasonable security procedures to protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of your personally identifiable information. We use a variety of industry-standard security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. For example, credit card numbers are encrypted in Active's secure database which is located behind a firewall. Personal information and such encrypted credit card numbers collected on Active are stored in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public. All credit card and registration information supplied by users is transmitted via [Secure Socket Layer (SSL)](http://www.theactivenetwork.com/exec/tanweb/Secure.cfm?publicationID=289) technology. Active's technology department conducts frequent site-security audits. "Perfect security," however, does not exist on the Internet. Although your privacy is very important to us, due to the existing legal regulatory and security environment, we cannot fully ensure that your private communications and other personally identifiable information will not be disclosed to third parties. For example, Active will disclose personal information about an individual user if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with an applicable law or valid legal process.

_Cookies_

As part of our ongoing effort to personalize our Site and our services, eteamz uses cookies to store and retrieve information about you and your usage of the Site. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from our Site and stored on your computer’s hard drive. This data is used, among other things, to help us improve the eteamz Site and to remind us who you are when you return to the eteamz Site, allowing us to store your preferences and customize your web space. Cookies are also used to help ensure the overall accuracy of the data collection and analysis processes described above.

_Opt-Out and Amendment Capability_

If you do not wish to receive any communications from eteamz, you have the right to select the "opt out" option during the registration process or at any time afterwards. You may "opt out" by clicking the appropriate box when updating your account mail settings at [www.eteamz.com/company/mail](https://web.archive.org/company/mail). To unsubscribe from a newsletter you're already subscribed to and no longer wish to receive, simply click the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the newsletter. If, at any time, you want to update, correct or amend any information you previously have given us, [click here](https://web.archive.org/support/faq/admin.cfm) and follow the instructions. This opt-out and amendment procedure applies only to data collected by eteamz.

_Subscriber Services and Registration Data_

In order to access certain Subscriber Services within the site, you may be asked to provide Registration Data through an online registration form. You will then be supplied with a "login" and "password." The information collected may include your legal name, address, telephone number, email address, subscriber name or "screen name," areas of interest, and/or password used to access Subscriber Services. eteamz reserves the right to request any additional information necessary to establish and maintain your account for use of the Subscriber Services. 

Registration Data is the property of eteamz. eteamz maintains a secured area on the Site for transmission of Registration Data, and stores all Registration Data in a database that is subject to industry standard security protection. eteamz may sell, rent, share, swap or otherwise disclose your Registration Data to any third party unless you select the "opt out" option as described above. eteamz reserves the right to use your Registration Data to send you information about eteamz, the site, eteamz products and services, and other topics in which you have indicated an interest, whether or not you opt out of having your data provided to third parties or eteamz affiliates. 

You may acquire information about your Registration Data by contacting the Customer Support Department. [Click here](https://web.archive.org/support/websites/#other) to contact eteamz Support.

Use of the eteamz Site is conditioned on your provision of requested information in an accurate and truthful fashion. If you choose not to provide such information, you may not be able to access some or all of the Site. You may cancel your account at any time by contacting eteamz Support. [Click here](https://web.archive.org/support/websites/#other) to contact eteamz Support. Once eteamz has finished processing the cancellation, eteamz will delete all your Registration Data from its database. Although eteamz will use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of the Registration Data, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be guaranteed to be secure. eteamz has no liability for disclosure of Registration Data due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.
