> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the laokay.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101122110803id_/http%3A//laokay.com/PrivacyPolicy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

  
This document outlines the types of personal information we receive and collect when you use LAokay.com, as well as some of the steps we take to safeguard information. LAokay.com strives to maintain the highest standards of decency, fairness, and integrity in all our operations. Likewise, we are dedicated to protecting privacy on our website.

**Personal Information**  
LAokay.com collects personally identifiable information from the visitors to our website only on a voluntary basis. Personal information collected on a voluntary basis may include name, postal address, email address, company name and telephone number. This information is collected if you request information from us, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, and signup to join our email list or request some other service or information from us. The information collected is internally reviewed, used to improve the content of our website, notify our visitors of updates, and respond to visitor inquiries. Once information is reviewed, it is discarded or stored in our files. If we make material changes in the collection of personally identifiable information we will inform the public by updating this privacy policy. Personal information received from any visitor will be used only for internal purposes and will not be sold or provided to third parties.

**Use of Cookies and Web Beacons**  
We may use cookies to help you personalize your online experience. Cookies are identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize the sites pages, or register with any of our site's services, a cookie enables LAokay.com to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your Web browser; however, if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the site. A web beacon is a transparent image file used to monitor your journey around a single website or collection of sites. They are commonly used by sites that hire third-party services to monitor traffic. They may be used in association with cookies to understand how visitors interact with the pages and content on the pages of a web site. We may serve third party advertisements and use website traffic analyzers that use cookies and web beacons in the course of ads or page being served on our website to ascertain how many times you've seen an advertisement or visited a page. This privacy policy only serves for cookies and web beacons that originate from our servers. Please see the other websites from which the cookie and web beacons originated from for their privacy policies. In addition, DoubleClick may serve ads on this website using DART ad-serving technology. In doing so, one of their ad servers will place or read a unique ad-serving cookie on your computer and will use non-personal information about your browser and your activity at this site and others to serve ads on this website and other sites. The ad-serving cookie is a persistent cookie. Please [click here](http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/index.aspx) for more information about DoubleClick ad serving or to opt-out of the DoubleClick ad-serving cookie.

**Non-Personal Information**  
In some cases, we may collect information about you that isn't personally identifiable. We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, and to administer the site, to track users' movements around the siteand to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. The information collected is used solely for internal review and not shared with other 3rd parties for commercial purposes.

**Release of Information**  
If LAokay.com is sold, the information we have obtained from you through your voluntary participation in our site may transfer to the new owner as a part of the salient order that the service being provided to you may continue. In that event, you will receive notice through our website of that change in control and practices, and we will make reasonable efforts to ensure that the purchaser honors any opt-out requests you might make of them, or the data will be destroyed.

**How You Can Correct or Remove Personal Information**  
We provide this privacy policy as a statement to you of our commitment to protect your personal information. If you have submitted personal information through our website and would like that information deleted from our records or would like to update or correct that information, please feel free to [Contact Us](mailto:sales@laokay.com "Contact Us").

**Updates and Effective Date**  
LAokay.com reserves the right to make changes in this policy. If there is a material change in our privacy practices, we will publish them here immediately. We encourage you to periodically review this policy so that you will know what information we collect and how we use it.

**Agreeing to Terms**  
If you do not agree to the LAokay.com Privacy Policy as posted here on this website, please do not use this site or any services offered by this site. Your use of this site indicates acceptance of this Privacy Policy.
