> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fev.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180508003522id_/http%3A//www.fev.com/index.php%3Fid%3D269) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Legal notice

### Represented by the Executive Board

Prof. Dr.-Ing. Stefan Pischinger, President and CEO of FEV Group GmbH   
Jürgen Koopsingraven, CFO and Executive Vice President of FEV Group GmbH, worldwide responsible for Finance, Controlling, HR, IT, Purchasing, Quality and Law   
Dr.-Ing. Ernst Scheid, Executive Vice President of FEV Europe GmbH, responsible for the Asian and Eastern European Market, FEV China, FEV India and other Asian and Eastern European subsidiaries  
Dr.-Ing. Patrick Hupperich, President and CEO of FEV North America Inc.   
Dr.-Ing. Norbert W. Alt, Chairman of the Executive Board of FEV Europe GmbH, responsible for FEV’s European operations 

### Responsible for contents

FEV Europe GmbH  
Corporate Communications  
Andreas Albers  
Neuenhofstraße 181  
52078 Aachen 

Email presse@fev.com 

Tel. +49 241 5689 9610  
Fax +49 241 5689 119 

Registered office: Aachen  
Register court: local court Aachen  
Commercial register number: HRB 1649  
Value added tax identification number: DE123603033 

### Privacy Policy

Personal data via forms or e-mails sent to us will be used only to respond to each request. They are never transmitted to third parties or used for other purposes. Fundamentals are the provisions of the Data Protection Act and the Telecommunications Act. 

Information is collected for generating our access statistics. This information includes the page from which the file was requested, the file name, the date and time, the amount of data transferred, the web browser used and the IP address of the computer. The data will be used only for statistical purposes and for optimizing the FEV website. 

### Liability

The information on these websites is constantly checked and updated by FEV Europe GmbH. However, the information on the website may change or be updated without previous notice. No liability or guarantee for the topicality, correctness or completeness of the information provided may be assumed. The same applies to all websites referred to via hyperlinks. No responsibility is assumed for the content of websites to which we link by hyperlink. 

Furthermore, FEV reserves the right to make changes or additions to the content included. The content and structure of the FEV website are protected by copyright. The duplication of information or data, particularly the use of texts, parts of texts, or images requires the prior consent from FEV. 

### Data to Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files that are stored on your computer and which allows an analysis of your use of our website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) is sent to a Google server in the U.S. and stored there. Google will use this information on your use of the site for evaluations, reports about website activity for website operators, and by observing the website as well as internet usage, for applying this information to develop new Internet services. 

Google may also transfer this information to third parties if required by law or if third parties process data on behalf of Google. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may prevent the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser to do so; however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all the features of this website. 
