> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the orkutpix.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110526072914id_/http%3A//www.orkutpix.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | OrkutPix.com - Scrap in Style

## Privacy Policy

The following Privacy Statement discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for OrkutPix.com . Our Site, like most other sites, uses cookies to provide you with a more personalized and user-friendly experience. A cookie is a message that is sent to a browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies help us keep track of the size of our audience, the frequency of visits to our Site and the areas that are most popular. If a guest makes a purchase, cookies are used to keep the shopping cart active during the shopping process. Most browsers allow you to reject all cookies, but then your preferences, passwords and other information will not be saved, and you may have to re-enter information to use certain features of our Site. We may use an outside ad company to display ads on our Site. These ads may contain cookies and are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. In general, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties except to the extent necessary to provide you with a requested service, or under circumstances required by law. We will disclose your personal information when we believe in good faith that any applicable law, regulation, or legal process requires it, or where we believe disclosure is necessary to protect or enforce our rights or the rights of another user. We may also log IP addresses for the purposes of systems administration or to report information in aggregate form to our advertisers (e.g., how many visitors logged in to our Website). In some cases your IP address stays the same from browser session to browser session; but if you use a consumer Internet access provider such as AOL or Earthlink, chances are that your IP address varies each session, thus making it effectively impossible for us to use your IP address to determine who you are. Third Party Cookies: In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique ‘cookie’ on your browser. These companies may use some information (such as your domain type, your IP address, about your visits to this and other Websites) in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. By using the Site, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Statement. If you are not comfortable with any policy described in this Privacy Statement, you may feel free to e-mail us with questions or concerns, but your only remedy is to discontinue use of the Site. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. Google, one of our third-party advertisers, may add a cookie to determine targeted advertisements based on your preferences and your visit to our site and other sites on the internet. To find out more about Google and its DoubleClick DART cookie used to generate interest-based advertising, or to opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy. Your use of this website without opting out means that you understand and agree to data collection to provide you with interest-based advertising. If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: info (at) orkutpix (dot) com

**Terms & Conditions:** You cannot use our images or their source for commercial purposes. We provide free images and their source. Report abuse to info@orkutpix.com if any of the image on the site abuses your personal criteria or infringes your copyrights.

For any queries Contact: info@orkutpix.com

_______________________________________  
Copyright © 2010 OrkutPix.com, All rights reserved.  
Powered by Blue-Infotainments.
