> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the burchmores.co.za privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121203165137id_/http%3A//www.burchmores.co.za/index.php%3Foption%3Dcom_content%26view%3Darticle%26id%3D94%26Itemid%3D116) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Burchmores appreciates your interest in its products and your visit to this web site. Your privacy is important to us and we want you to feel comfortable visiting our site. The protection of your privacy in the processing of your personal data is an important concern to which we pay special attention during our business processes.   
When you visit our web site, our web server automatically records your IP address, the web site from which you visit us, the web pages you actually visit and the date and length of your visit. Personal data is only stored if volunteered by you, for example in the context of a registration on myburchmores or a survey.   
Burchmores will use your personal data for the sole purpose of technical administration of the web site, customer administration, customer surveys and marketing, only to the extent necessary in each specific case. We will only disclose your data to governmental authorities in cases where it is required by law. Our employees are obliged by us to respect confidentiality.   
We should like to use your data to inform you about our products and services and where applicable request your opinion. Naturally your participation is completely voluntary. Should you not consent, you can inform us at any time so that we can suppress your data accordingly. Please refer to the respective web site for further information.   
Burchmores uses technical and organisational security measures to protect the data we have under our control against accidental or intentional manipulation, loss, destruction and against access by unauthorised persons. Our security procedures are continually enhanced as new technology becomes available.   
Upon request, Burchmores or its representatives will inform you without delay by letter as defined by the applicable law what personal data is stored by us. As a registered user you also have the option of viewing, deleting or amending your personal data yourself. Should such data be incorrect, in spite of our efforts to keep it correct and up to date, we will correct it for you once you have drawn our attention to the error.   
Burchmores uses cookies to record the preferences of visitors, to be able to optimize the design of its web site. Cookies are small files which are stored on your hard drive. They ease navigation, and increase the user-friendliness of a web site. Cookies also help us to identify the most popular sections of our web site. This enables us to provide content that is more accurately suited to your needs, and in so doing improve our service. Cookies can be used to determine whether there has been any contact between ourselves and your computer in the past. Only the cookie on your computer is identified. Personal details can be saved in cookies, provided that you have consented to this, for example, in order to facilitate secure online access so that you do not need to enter your user ID and password again.
