> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the burnettsboards.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161125193349id_/http%3A//burnettsboards.com/nitty-gritty) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FINE PRINT | Burnett's Boards - Daily Wedding Inspiration

_**Full disclosure**_ : Burnett’s Boards is a personal blog written and edited by me. I do occasionally accept some forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, sponsored giveaways, paid insertions, or other forms of compensation, and want you as readers to be aware of this. Burnett’s Boards abides by word of mouth marketing standards and [FTC guidelines](http://ftc.gov/opa/2009/10/endortest.shtm) regarding disclosure of compensation. I believe in honesty of relationship, opinion, and identity, and will never feature content or advertising that is not representative of me or my blog. **When compensation received influences advertising content, topics, or posts made in this blog, this will be fully disclosed. All content, Shop vendor space, or posts for which I received compensation will be clearly identified as sponsored content.** As the owner of this blog, I am occasionally compensated to provide my opinion or recommendation on products, services, web sites, and various other topics. Even though I may receive compensation for some posts or advertising, **I always give my honest opinion, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products.** The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely mine. This blog does not contain any content which may present a conflict of interest. For **easy identification of sponsored posts** this phrase (or one similar to it) will be at the bottom of the post: _This is a partnered post._

_Some of the advertisements that appear on_ _<http://burnettsboards.com/>  website are delivered to you by national internet advertising and application companies such as DFP.  This company utilizes certain technologies to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and to collect anonymous information about your visit to our site, including information about the banner ads they display, and cookies they place on your computer and your IP address. To find out more information please visit Google DFP privacy policy here:[http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/](https://connect.emailsrvr.com/owa/redir.aspx?C=sq4rFt9JwEqELV2lhatI77ec0VqNQNAIvPrbdOLth0OUmXw2OpNvy3LaN_vox0tfsuo88UOUr1c.&URL=http%3a%2f%2fwww.google.com%2fintl%2fen%2fpolicies%2fprivacy%2f)._

_**Privacy policy**_ : The privacy of my visitors is extremely important.  **I will never share your personal information** (e.g., email address) with third-parties. I am not responsible for any republishing of content found on this blog on other web sites or media without my permission. Like many other web sites, www.BurnettsBoards.com makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. **IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.  **

_**Comment policy** :_ Comments are welcomed and encouraged on this site, but there are some instances where comments will be edited or deleted as follows:  **Comments deemed to be spam or questionable spam will be deleted.** Including a link to relevant content is permitted, but comments should be relevant to the post topics. Comments containing language or concepts that could be deemed offensive will be deleted. Comments that attack a person individually will be deleted. You retain copyright to any comments you post. I reserve the right to edit or delete any comments submitted to this blog without notice.

_**Copyright statement**_ : Burnett’s Boards is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution Non Commercial No Derivs 3.0 Unported License.](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-nd/3.0/) Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following: You may print or download to a local hard disk only for your personal and non-commercial use. You may copy verbatim content to individual third parties for personal use, but only if you **acknowledge this site as the source of the  material and provide a link back to the page containing the original content. **You may not, except with my express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit my content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other Web site or other form of electronic retrieval system. If you would like to reprint my content for commercial use, just ask. Email me at sara@burnettsboards.com.

**_Information on photo credits_** : **I believe in giving credit where credit is due.  **I try my best to properly credit any photo I use or any post where I found inspiration. **If you see something that is not properly credited, or that belongs to you and you don’t want it there, please let me know and I will be happy to correct the oversight and/or remove it**. If you love what you see here and want to put  it on your own blog please share the love and credit Burnett’s Boards, along with a link back to the original post. Mahalo!

These policies are valid from July 2nd, 2012.
