> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the burnsmcd.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141221131645id_/http%3A//www.burnsmcd.com/Privacy-Statement-1) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Burns & McDonnell

Welcome to the Burns & McDonnell website. We are committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our site. Most areas of our site are available for visitors to browse without providing personal information such as names, phone numbers, physical addresses or email addresses. However, our servers automatically log certain non-personal, statistical information about visits to the site in the normal course of operating, which may include: visitors' IP addresses, software used, time and duration of visit, and pages visited before and after visiting our site. This information is used only in aggregate form and only to improve our site's content by identifying, for example, the number of visitors and the page(s) accessed.

In the course of browsing, you may voluntarily choose to provide personal information to us by using our [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/Contact-Us "Contact Us") form, sending us email, applying for a job through our online career center, subscribing to our publications, signing up for an event, registering for access to a secure document or submitting a supplier registration or update form. Any personal information you provide to us will typically be used only to respond to your inquiry or to process your request and will not be sold or shared with other organizations except as described herein. We treat your information with the same care and diligence as our own corporate information, protecting it from compromise.

When you view portions of this Internet website, information may be stored on the hard drive of your computer. This information may be in the form of a "cookie" or other technologies that will permit the adaptation of this Internet website to better reflect your particular interests, priorities, and preferences.  
A "cookie" is a piece of data that an Internet website transfers, via your browser, back to your computer's hard drive or other parts of your computer system to assist us with general website recordkeeping activities.

Information collected may be accessed, stored, processed by and transferred among any of Burns & McDonnell's affiliate companies regardless of location, including affiliates in countries that do not have data protection or data privacy laws equivalent to those of the United States. Burns & McDonnell may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or a regulatory agency, or to relevant third parties such as auditors, lawyers or other professional advisers in accordance with standard corporate policy. The information will be retained for a reasonable period or as otherwise required by applicable law.

We are committed to comply with the United States' Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).

Our site contains links to third-party websites for your information and convenience. Except for sites of our affiliates who provide hiring application processes, technical tools, supplier prequalification content or other services clearly identified on our site, Burns & McDonnell is not responsible for the content of such third-party sites or for any personal information you may provide to them. Visitors who follow links to such sites are subject to the separate privacy policies thereof.

Burns & McDonnell reserves the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. Please visit this page periodically to inform yourself of any changes to our privacy policy. Your continued use of this site indicates your awareness of and agreement to the terms and conditions herein. Any questions or comments about this privacy policy are welcome and can be made via the [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/Contact-Us "Contact Us") form.

The materials, images and other content of this website are for informational purposes only and are copyrighted by the authors thereof. All rights reserved. Last updated August 2012.
