> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 8ball.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190406003417id_/https%3A//www.8ball.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - 8Ball

Effective Date: 24th May 2018

This Privacy Policy is designed to comply with the latest standards of the new GDPR legislation that governs how your personal data is stored and processed.

By continuing to use this site, you hereby agree to the terms as defined within this privacy policy.

8Ball Mail Order Limited (hereby referred to as "we", "us" or "our") manages and operates the website https://www.8Ball Mail Order.com, the "service".

We use your data so that we can continue to improve our services and maintain our services for customers and clients. By using the service, you are agreeing to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

**Definitions**

#### Personal Data

Personal Data is information about an individual that can be used to identify the individual (either on its own or when this data when combined with other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

#### Usage Data

Usage Data is data collected automati­­cally either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infra­­struc­­ture itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

#### Cookies

Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device that are used to remember details about the User.

#### Data Controller

A Data Controller is a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.

#### Data Processor (or Service Providers)

A Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

#### Data Subject

A Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

#### User

The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

**Data Collection and Usage**

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

### Types of Data Collected:

**Personal Data**

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

  * Email address;
  * First name and last name;
  * Phone number;
  * Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City; and
  * Cookies and Usage Data.



We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these commu­­nica­­tions from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.

To ensure a smooth customer support experience, we process information that you provide on our website (eg. in chat or on the comment section of our blog), in emails, or through other means of communication you have used. For this purpose, we may process:

  * Your name
  * Email address
  * Website address
  * Any information that you share
  * IP address



We use this information to provide and enhance our Services and answer any questions you may have.

#### Usage Data

We may also collect information about how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

#### Tracking & Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some sections of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

  * Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.
  * Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
  * Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.



## Use of Data

8Ball Mail Order Limited uses the collected data for various purposes:

To provide and maintain our Service;

To notify you about changes to our Service;

  * To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so;
  * To provide customer support;
  * To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service;
  * To monitor the usage of our Service;
  * To detect, prevent and address technical issues; and
  * To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about, unless you have opted not to receive such information.



## Retention of Data

8Ball Mail Order Limited will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

8Ball Mail OrderLimited will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security of or to improve the functi­­onality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## Transfer Of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your juris­­dic­­tion.

If you are located outside United Kingdom and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to United Kingdom and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

8Ball Mail Order Limited will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure Of Data

### Disclosure for Law Enforcement

Under certain circum­­stances, 8Ball Mail Order Limited may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).­

### Legal Requirements

8Ball Mail Order Limited may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

  * To comply with a legal obligation;
  * To protect and defend the rights or property of 8Ball Mail Order Limited;
  * To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service;
  * To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public; and
  * To protect against legal liability.



## Security Of Data

The security of your data is important to us, but be aware that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Your Rights

8Ball Mail Order Limited aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact our Data Protection Officer.

In certain circum­­stances, you have the right:

  * To access and receive a copy of the Personal Data we hold about you;
  * To rectify any Personal Data held about you that is inaccurate; and
  * To request the deletion of Personal Data held about you.



You have the right to data portability for the information you provide to 8Ball Mail OrderLimited. You can request to obtain a copy of your Personal Data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.

You have the right to request data held about you be deleted. If you would like to submit a request to have this data deleted please contact 8Ball Mail Order Limited's Data Protection Officer.

Please note that not all data can be deleted. HRMC requires VAT information be stored for no less than 7 years, and if you have any orders still being processed when making a request then the data used to fulfil these orders cannot be deleted until the orders have been marked as shipped.­

Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

## Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service ("Service Providers"), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

### Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

#### Google Analytics

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contex­­tu­­alize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.­­js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:  [http://­­www.­­google.­­com/­­intl/­­en/­­policies/­­privacy/](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)

### Behavioral Remarketing

8Ball Mail Order Limited uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.

#### Google AdWords

Google AdWords remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.

You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page:  [http://­­www.­­google.­­com/­­settings/­­ads](http://www.google.com/settings/ads)

Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on -  [https://­­tools.­­google.­­com/­­dlpage/­­gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) \- for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy & Terms web page:  [http://­­www.­­google.­­com/­­intl/­­en/­­policies/­­privacy/](http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/)

### Payments

We provide paid products and/or services within the Service. For this reason we use third-party services for payment processing.

We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.

The payment processors we work with are:

**GOCardless**

Their privacy policy can be found here  <https://gocardless.com/legal/privacy/>

#### PayPal

Their Privacy Policy can be viewed at  [https://­­www.­­paypal.­­com/­­webapps/­­mpp/­­ua/­­privacy-full](https://www.paypal.com/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full)

#### Sage Pay

Their policies can be viewed at  [https://­­www.­­sagepay.­­co.­­uk/­­policies](https://www.sagepay.co.uk/policies)

### Other Third Party Services

#### Help Scout

Help Scout is a customer service platform. We use Intercom to manage inbound and outbound commu­nica­tions with users of our Service.

Personal Data sent to Intercom includes the names and contact details of our Service users. This data is stored securely and is only used for the purposes of customer service and marketing. You can view their policies at:  <https://www.helpscout.net/company/legal/privacy/>

#### MailChimp

MailChimp is a marketing service used to email our Service users.

Personal Data sent to MailChimp includes names and email adresses, and other information required to segment an audience. 8Ball Mail Order never segments audience's with robots - this is done by Data Processors.

You will only receive marketing commu­nica­tion if you've opted in to receive them. You can opt out of receiving marketing commu­nica­tion at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in any marketing email, or by contacting us at help@8Ball Mail Order.com

You can view MailChimp's policies at:  [https://­mailchimp.­com/­legal/­privacy/](https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/)

## Links To Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site.

We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

Some links on the 8Ball Mail Order.­com domain may be referral links, and 8Ball Mail Order may receive commission if you make a purchase or register to a service using these links. Any commission will be taken from the standard rates paid, and is never charged to you.

We have no control over and assume no respon­­sibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.­ Liability for this content lies with the owner of the link’s domain, or the party indicated by the domain’s owner. Any information offered about an external link was correct at the time the link was added, but web pages can be changed at the discretion of the owner and they are under no obligation to inform 8Ball Mail Order of these changes. For up to date information about the content of a link to an external domain, please check the relevant website’s privacy policy.­

## Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## Changes To This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

  * By email: [help@8ball.co.uk](mailto:help@8ball.co.uk)
  * By phone number: 0844 322 1212
  * By mail: Unit 24 & 29 Emerald Way, Stone, Staffordshire, United Kingdom, ST15 0SR



Our Data Protection Officer is: Richard Flanagan.
