> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the httpwatch.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-10-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111006110307id_/http%3A//www.httpwatch.com/privacy_policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# HttpWatch: Privacy Policy

This privacy policy covers the use of web sites owned by Simtec Limited:

### Information Collected

You may visit our Site without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. Our Site does collect information such as domain, IP address, browser type and operating system for site trends and statistics, but this information does not personally identify you.

We do not sell, rent, or give your personal information to any third party. And we do not use your information for any purpose outside the scope of communicating with you in the most efficient manner. We may use your personal information to deliver services, such as newsletters, events, training or software, that you request or purchase. We may also use any information you have provided as reasonably necessary to provide customer support to you.

### Use of Cookies

We may use cookies from time to time. Cookies are small text files a web site can use to recognize a repeat visitor to the web site. We may use cookies for various reasons. If you do not want Simtec Limited to deploy cookies in your browser, you can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when a web site tries to put a cookie in your browser software. If you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you can still access most of this Site, however, your ability to use some of the products and/or services at this Site may be affected.

### Links to Third Party Sites

At this Site, there may be links to companies with whom we have a relationship. Simtec Limited is not responsible for the privacy practices of our business partners. We encourage you to read their privacy statements, as they may differ from ours. 

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

### Contact Information

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, please contact [ us](https://web.archive.org/web/20111006110307id_/http%3A//www.httpwatch.com/company). 

 
