> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nokiausa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021206182450id_/http%3A//www.nokiausa.com/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# NokiaUSA: Privacy Policy

(Version 2002-2; posted and effective as of 30 October 2002)

**Applicable to the Nokia Web sites at the following URL/domain names:**[www.NokiaUSA.com](http://www.nokiausa.com/); and   
[www.Nokia.com/US](http://www.nokia.com/us)

BY ACCESSING THE NOKIA INC. (" **Nokia** ") WORLD WIDE WEB PAGES (THESE " **Site Pages** ") AT ONE OF THE URL/ DOMAIN NAMES NOTED ABOVE (THIS " **Site** "), YOU AGREE TO THE FOLLOWING PRIVACY POLICY (THIS " **Policy** ") AS STATED BELOW. **IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS POLICY, PLEASE DISCONTINUE YOUR USE OF THIS SITE.

Modification of Site

**  
Nokia may change this Policy, or change, modify or withdraw access to, or the content on this Site, at any time, with or without notice, so you should recheck this Policy prior to each visit to or use of this Site. Nokia has posted above the effective date of this version of this Policy for your reference.

**Applicability**  
This Policy is applicable to this Site and only this Site, and not any other of Nokia's websites or website-like channels (whether based on technologies such as the Internet, cable, satellite, wireless application protocol (a/k/a WAP), wireless local area network (a/k/a WLAN), Bluetooth (infrared or other similar radio wave technology), wired connection from a local computer, short or smart messaging service (a/k/a SMS) or other subsequently developed technologies), or any other channels or aspects of Nokia's business operations. When leaving this Site, whether or not to visit another Nokia site, please read the site terms or legal policy and the privacy policy applicable to such site to ensure you understand and agree with the terms applicable to your visit of that site.

**General Data Collection**  
Nokia is committed to the protection of the privacy of its Web site visitors. Nokia does not engage in the practice of selling or trading personal data to third parties for promotional purposes. Please note however that Nokia does collect, use and disclose some personally identifying information of the type and for the purposes described in this Policy (as discussed in this section and the "Personal Information" section below) but Nokia only collects, uses or discloses any such personal information that is necessary for the purposes stated in this Policy and Nokia only retains such information for so long as necessary to fulfill these purposes. **By using this Site, you acknowledge and consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifying information of the type and for the purposes described in this Policy.** Nokia, including its affiliates in the "Nokia Group" family of companies (those under common control of Nokia's ultimate parent company), may share personal information within the Nokia Group of the type and for the purposes described in this Policy. Nokia also may provide aggregate statistics and share general information about this Site's sales, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third parties, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information.

**Visitor identification  
**From time to time, we or our third party designees may place information on your computer to allow us to identify you. This information is commonly known as "cookies". The use of cookies is an industry standard and many web sites use them. Further, cookies obviate the need for you to enter your password frequently during a session. Cookies are stored on your computer's hard drive and not on this Site. We and/or our third party designees will only view information put on your computer in cookies set by Nokia and/or our third party designees from this Site or other Nokia web sites. By showing how and when our visitors use this Site or other Nokia sites, we can continue to improve them. If you do not wish to receive cookies, or want to be notified of when they are placed, you may set your web browser to do so, if your browser so permits. Please understand, however, that if cookies are turned off, you may not be able to view certain parts of this Site that may enhance your visit. Personal Information If this Site permits you to contact Nokia to respond to your questions or fulfill your requests, it may be necessary for Nokia to ask for personal information from you such as your name, address, e-mail address and telephone number. Nokia may use this information to respond to your requests via mail, e-mail or phone. If you place an order for a product or request a service or submit content to this Site, Nokia may need to contact you for additional information needed to process or fulfill your order or request.

Providing Nokia personal information on this Site will not result in your receiving information about Nokia or its products, services or promotions, unless you elect to "opt in" to receive such information when prompted to do so.

In addition to the personal information that you provide us, this Site uses technology that lets Nokia collect certain technical information. This information includes your Internet protocol address, your computer's operating system, your browser type and the address of any referring Web sites.

Nokia will not provide the information submitted to a third party without your permission, except as necessary to process or fulfill your order, including without limitation, providing necessary information to relevant banks, finance or credit card companies, logistics and transport service providers and authorized after-sales service providers, as well as respond to your requests or answer your inquiries, or in the good faith belief that disclosure of information is reasonably necessary to respond to claims that content you have submitted to this Site violates the rights of third parties or as necessary to protect Nokia's, its Web site users' and/or the public's rights, property and/or safety. Nokia also has the right, but not the obligation, to retain and use such information stored in Nokia databases and other information obtained from your current or previous activities on this Site for a reasonable period of time, not to exceed any legal requirements or limitations, to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and enforce Nokia's legal rights and the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, this Site's Site Terms (and Legal Notice) or this Site's Order Terms of Sale. On rare occasions Nokia may evaluate your information in order to track users with multiple user ID's or aliases for legal and/or security purposes. Please also note that if Nokia is compelled by law, court order or other judicial process to disclose any of your personal information to a court or third party, Nokia will attempt to give you prior notice using the contact information you have provided. You hereby authorize Nokia to disclose any information about you for any of the above purposes stated in this Policy's "Personal Information" Section, such as in connection with an investigation of intellectual property infringements or other activity that is illegal or may expose Nokia to legal liability. 

**Security  
**Nokia has endeavored to take commercially reasonable measures to prevent unauthorized access to and improper use of your personal information. For example, Nokia uses encryption technology when collecting sensitive data such as credit card information. If this Site supports on-line transactions, it uses security measures available through "Secure Sockets Layer" (" **SSL** ") to protect the confidentiality and security of online transactions. SSL authentication up to 128- bit encryption is used to ensure that credit card information, as well as personal information, submitted as part of the buying process is reasonably safe from third party interception. Please note that while there are always risks associated with providing personal data, whether in person, by phone or via SSL or other technologies over the Internet, and, no system of technology is completely safe, "tamper "or" hacker-proof", Nokia has endeavored to take reasonable precautions which are appropriate to the sensitivity of the information to prevent and minimize such risks in connection with your use of this Site.

 **Minors**  
Please note that this Site is not directed toward and does not seek to collect any information from or engage in any transactions with persons under the age of 13 ("Children"). As such, no information may be submitted to this Site by Children and Nokia requests that minors 13 years of age or older ("Minors") not submit information to this Site without obtaining the consent of a Minor's parent or legal guardian. Additionally, Minors may not make purchases or engage in other legal acts on this Site without such consent, unless permitted by applicable law.
