> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the furniture.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-09-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170911162945id_/https%3A//www.furniture.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Last Updated: May 30, 2017

This Privacy Policy describes how Furniture.com America LLC (“ **Furniture.com** ,” “ **we** ,” “ **us** ,” or “ **our** ”), collects and uses the information collected through this web site (the “ **Site** ”).

 ** **BY ACCESSING OR USING THE SITE, YOU (“YOU”) AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THAT YOU ACCEPT AND CONSENT TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION AS DISCUSSED BELOW.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT ACCESS OR USE THE SITE.****This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and made a part of our [Terms of Use/Dispute Resolution/Arbitration Agreement](https://www.furniture.com/terms-of-use) and our [Terms and Conditions of Sale, Limited Product Warranty, and Dispute Resolution/Arbitration Agreement](https://www.furniture.com/terms-of-sale).

 **A. Changes to Privacy Policy**

We reserve the right to modify or amend this Privacy Policy at any time. All changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the Site. Material changes will be conspicuously posted on the Site. By accessing or using the Site after changes are posted, you agree to those changes.

 **B. Information Collected**

FURNITURE.COM and its suppliers may collect the types of information described below in connection with your access to and use of the Site, including your purchase of products through the Site (together, “ **Collected Information** ”).

 **Personally Identifiable Information.  **We may collect certain personally identifiable information from or about you, including your name, email address, physical address, and telephone number. We will use your personally identifiable information to process your orders for products, to communicate with you in connection with your orders, for marketing purposes, and to otherwise provide you with information and communications that you request, subject to applicable laws and the terms of this Privacy Policy.

 **Purchase Information.  ** All credit and debit card information is provided directly to our third-party payment processor and software supplier. Furniture.com does not directly access or handle your credit or debit card information, except in limited circumstances to monitor and prevent fraud. If you make a credit or debit card purchase, you will need to submit your credit or debit card number, the expiration date, the security code, and your billing address. Payment by credit or debit card is subject to the approval of the card issuer. Furniture.com will not be liable in any way if a card issuer refuses to accept a credit or debit card for any reason.

 **Mailing Lists.**  If you sign up for our mailing lists you will need to submit your name and email address. We will use this information to provide you with promotional and other communications regarding Furniture.com.  We may use a third party email provider to deliver these communications to you.  You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from us at any time by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of the applicable email.

 **Cookies.  **The Site uses cookies to track Site use and to facilitate and enhance the user experience. These may be cookies that we implement or third-party cookies implemented by our suppliers, media and affiliate partners, as well as our web site hosting services provider. We do not have access to or control over any cookies implemented by our suppliers. “ **Cookies** ” are small data files that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive to remember certain information. The Site’s cookies enable us to facilitate access to different areas of the Site, for example, by showing when and how you and others visit the Site, by telling us how popular the Site pages are (or aren’t), what search terms are used to find the Site, and which third-party web sites direct you to the Site. Cookies can also help us improve your enjoyment of the Site, for example, by remembering your contact and other information when you access or use the Site. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can disable this function so that your browser will not accept cookies. Please be aware that disabling cookies may impact your use and enjoyment of the Site. WE WILL AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT COOKIES WHEN YOU VISIT THIS SITE. DUE TO THIS AUTOMATIC COLLECTION, WE DO NOT HONOR “DO NOT TRACK” REQUESTS. Our Site suppliers may use cookies and/or other tracking technologies to track Site visitors across the Internet to understand how you get to the Site.

 **IP Addresses and Related Data.**  The web servers used to operate the Site may collect certain data pertaining to you and the equipment, software, and communication methods you use to access the Internet and the Site. This information includes the Internet protocol (“ **IP** ”) addresses assigned to your computer, your Internet service provider (ISP), your Internet browser type, the pages you accessed on the Site, the web sites you accessed before and after visiting the Site, the length of time you spend on the Site, date and time stamps, and clickstream data. We may use this information to administer the Site and the servers that provide the Site, to generate statistical information, to monitor and analyze Site traffic and usage patterns, to monitor and prevent fraud, to investigate complaints and reported violations of our policies, and to improve the Site’s products, materials, and other content that we describe or make available through the Site. For security reasons and to confirm the integrity of the Site, we may combine this information with other Collected Information, as well as with information we obtain from third parties. Our web site provider, may collect information about your visits to the Site and other web sites, such as your user settings.

 **Location Information.**  We may use third-party services to approximate your location in order to enhance your user experience and increase the usefulness of the Site. We may use your approximate geographic location to help us determine our ability to ship to your location and what sales and deals are available in your area. Certain sales, deals, and products may not be available in your area. You may choose to allow us to access your location by granting the Site access to your location when prompted or through your device’s location services settings. The Site may use various technologies to access your location, including GPS and IP addresses.

 **Google AdWords and Other Behavioral Advertising.**  The Site may from time to time use Google AdWords and Google AdSense, online advertising services provided by Google Inc. (“ **Google** ”). Both Google AdWords and Google AdSense services will collect anonymous information about your visits to and interactions with the Site and other web sites and will use this information to target advertisements for goods and services. These targeted advertisements may appear on the Site or on other web sites that you visit. The anonymous information is collected through the use of a “tag,” which is industry-standard technology. To opt out of remarketing advertising provided through Google or to customize your ad preferences, visit Google’s Ad Settings page at <http://www.google.com/settings/ads>. Opting out will not affect your use of the Site.

We may also use other third party ad networks (called third-party ad servers or network advertisers), including various social media platforms (as discussed below) to deliver ads to you on our behalf. These third party ad networks may place their cookies, web beacons, pixel tags or other technology on the Site, on our ads that appear across the Internet or in your browser to collect non-personal information about you when you visit this Site (such as browser type, time and date, browsing or transaction activity, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, or a platform-provided identifier during your visits to this and other websites) to enable those third party ad networks to deliver to you advertisements on third party websites and mobile applications for our products or services or those of third parties that are likely to be of greater interest to you. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis.

Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our website or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity may also use HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.

To obtain more information about third-party ad networks and online behavioral advertising and to change your preferences with respect to certain online ads, please visit the National Advertising Initiative Consumer Opt-Out web site at <http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices> and the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Program web site at [http://www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/). Opting out of online ads with one ad network and web browser does not necessarily carryover to any other ad network or web browser. As a result, depending on the opt-outs you request, you may still see our ads from time to time.

 **Google Analytics.** The Site uses a variety of analytics tools to collect information about your use of the Site and your visits to this Site and other web sites. Our primary analytics provider is Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google, to collect information about your use of the Site, which information your web browser automatically sends to Google. This information includes the web address of the web sites that you visit and your IP address. Google may also set cookies or read preexisting cookies. This information is stored on Google’s servers. Google uses this information to provide us with reports about Site traffic and your visits to the Site (for example, the domain from which you access the Internet, the web address of the web site from which you linked to the Site, and the date and time of your visit to the web sites that you view and click through). We will use this data to improve the Site’s structure and content. Google may use this data in accordance with its Privacy Policy, which is located at <https://www.google.com/policies/privacy>. For more information on how Google uses your data, visit <http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners>. You may opt out of our use of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out web site at <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout> and installing the Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-On. **  
**

 **Social Media.  **The Site may allow you to connect and share information with various social media platforms, for example, Facebook and Pinterest. These features may require us to implement cookies, plug-ins, and application protocol interfaces (APIs) provided by those social media platforms. We may share information that you provide us or that we may collect about your use of the Site with those platforms and that information will be subject to their privacy policies. For further information, we encourage you to review those platforms’ privacy policies: Facebook’s Data Policy at <https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy>; Pinterest's Privacy Policy at <https://about.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy>.

The Site may also use the advertising services and networks offered by those social media platforms to deliver advertising content. Use of these services requires social media platforms to implement cookies or pixel tags to deliver ads to you while you are logged into the platform. If you do not wish a social media platform to collect information relating to you via the Site, we suggest that you: (i) hide social media platform plug-ins using an ad blocker; (ii) always log off completely from the social media platform before visiting other web sites and delete all related cookies; and, (iii) where the option is available, disable the advertising services and networks operated by a social media platform.  However, we have no control over any social media company’s ad policies or processes and cannot ensure you will not see our ads on those platforms even if you follow the above.

 **C. How We Use and Share Collected Information**

In addition to the uses described above, Furniture.com (including its affiliates) and its suppliers may use Collected Information as described below. We may sell, rent, or share Collected Information as disclosed in this Privacy Policy or as permitted by applicable law.

 **General.** We may use Collected Information: to analyze, develop, and improve the content, materials, and products that we make available through the Site and the Site’s functionality; to inform marketing, and communication plans and strategies; to notify you of changes made to the Site; to evaluate user needs and customize Site content, promotional emails, and your browsing experience; to send you promotional materials and other information about Furniture.com; to respond to your questions and comments and otherwise communicate with you; to otherwise operate the Site; and for other legitimate and lawful business purposes. If you place an order through the Site, we will use Collected Information to communicate with you regarding your order and we will share it with our suppliers that are involved in the processing of your order as set forth below. If you contact us for support or assistance in placing an order or otherwise using the Site, we may use Collected Information, including information about your computer hardware and software, to verify whether or not your system meets the minimum requirements needed to use and make payments through the Site.

 **Telephone Calls.** If you provide us with your telephone number in connection with an order that you’ve placed on the Site, we may call you at that telephone number to respond to your inquiries, including those regarding delivery support, and to provide you with status updates on your order.

 **Text Messages.** If you provide us with your mobile phone number in connection with an order that you’ve placed on the Site, we may send you text messages at that number to support business functions relating to order delivery. To stop receiving text messages at any time, reply “STOP” to any text message you receive or text “FURN” to 74121. To receive help or information, please call [1-855-277-0614](tel:1-855-277-0614). Consenting to receiving text messages is not required to buy goods or otherwise do business with us.

 **Security and Protection of Rights.** We may use and share with third parties Collected Information to the extent permitted by applicable law, including, if it is reasonable to do so in our sole discretion, in the event of a subpoena, court order, law enforcement request, or other security issue. We use and share with third parties Collected Information if we believe doing so is necessary to protect our rights or the rights of others, including when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity. This includes disclosing information that is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action in the event of a violation of our contracts, policies, or procedures.

 **Sharing Collected Information with Our Suppliers.** We may share Collected Information, including credit card and other payment-related information, with our web site suppliers, marketing, affiliate, and public relations service providers, email suppliers, payment processors, delivery companies and other suppliers as necessary for us to provide the Site and our products to you and as otherwise permitted by applicable law. Our suppliers may use Collected Information as necessary for them to provide the applicable services to us.

 **Sharing Collected Information with Other Third Parties.** We may share Collected Information with third parties who have products or services that we think may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving communications from any such third party pursuant to such third party’s policies. We do not control any third party or their policies.

 **Aggregate Data.**  We may aggregate your personally identifiable information and other Collected Information, either alone or with other data, to create anonymous aggregate data on Site users. Aggregate data describes the habits, usage patterns, or demographics of users as a group but does not reveal the identity of individual users and so will not identify you. We may use aggregate data to understand the needs of Site users, to determine Site user demographics and usage patterns, to determine what kinds of products and services we can provide, and to improve and enrich our products and the Site.

 **D. Information Security**

If you wish to access or update your personal information as it exists in our records, please contact us on our contact form or by email at [customerservice@furniture.com](mailto:customerservice@furniture.com).

 **F. Ownership of Collected Information**

All Collected Information is exclusively the property of Furniture.com. In the event of a change in control of Furniture.com, merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of assets by Furniture.com, all information owned by or in the control of Furniture.com may be transferred or sold to the successor of the transaction and that successor will be bound to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

 **G. Access by Children**

The Site is not directed toward children under 13 years of age and Furniture.com does not knowingly collect or use information from children under 13 through the Site. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a visitor under the age of 13 on our Site, we will delete the information from our records.

 **H. Links to Other Websites**

Our Site may contain links to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may be operated by companies not affiliated with Furniture.com. Linked websites may have their own privacy policies or notices, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. We are not responsible for the content of any websites that are not affiliated with Furniture.com, any use of those websites, or the privacy practices of those websites.

 **I. Site Access From Outside the United States**

If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, please be aware that Collected Information may be transferred to, stored in, and processed in the United States or Canada, The data protection and other laws of the country where data is collected and stored might not be comprehensive as those in the country from which you are accessing the Site or otherwise deemed adequate, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy as set forth above.

 **J. Contact Us**  

If you have any other questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by mail at: Furniture.com America LLC, P.O. Box 468431, Perimeter Center, 4707 Ashford Dunwoody Road, Atlanta, GA 30338, or by email at [customerservice@furniture.com](mailto:customerservice@furniture.com).
