> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the atlantamagazine.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130520235137id_/http%3A//www.atlantamagazine.com/privacy/default.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Atlanta Magazine

This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") describes _Atlanta_ magazine privacy practices for our website located at www.atlantamagazine.com (our "Site"), including what types of information we gather and track, how we use the information, and with whom we share the information. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy and by the Terms of Use. We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to the Site, and your continued use of the Site indicates your agreement to the revised terms. Accordingly, we urge you to frequently review this Privacy Policy, and if you do not agree to the terms of this or any revised policy, please exit the Site immediately.

Children (persons under the age of 13) are not eligible to use the Site without the supervision of their parents. If you are under the age of 13 please do not submit any personal information to us or use any function of the Site, including the Forums, that require the disclosure of personal information. If you are under the age of 13 please use this Site only under the supervision of your parents or guardian. If you are under 13, please do not provide us with any information about yourself. If we discover that we have collected any Personally Identifiable Information from a child 12 or under we will delete the information as soon as possible.

_Atlanta_ magazine may collect two types of information about you: Personally Identifiable Information and Aggregate Information that is anonymous (such as your IP address—a number used to identify your computer when you are on the Internet—or the type of browser you are using).

Personally Identifiable Information: "Personally Identifiable Information" refers to information that lets us know the specifics of who you are and can be used to identify, contact, or locate you (such as your name, address, telephone number, and e-mail address). You can visit our Site without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. You may be required to register or otherwise voluntarily provide Personally Identifiable Information to have access to some features of the Site. You always may choose not to provide the Personally Identifiable Information, but this may lead to decreased functionality of the Site for you and our inability to provide you with certain products or services. We also may request you to voluntarily provide Personally Identifiable Information that is not required to access features of our site. This information enables _Atlanta_ magazine to make general improvements to the Site and better serve your specific interests.

Aggregate Information: _Atlanta_ magazine may transparently collect Aggregate Information through the use of cookies or by other means. We use this information to assess general usage patterns, administer and make improvements to the Site, and collect demographic information useful in some way to _Atlanta_ magazine and our business partners. We hope that by using Aggregate Information, we can update the Site to make it more useful to you and other users. We, and our business partners, reserve the right to use, maintain, update, disclose, and/or sell Aggregate Information.

_Atlanta_ magazine uses information generally to compile statistical data, keep in contact with users, and provide them with a better interactive experience.

We may use your information specifically for the following purposes: to provide easy access every time you return to the Site without requiring re-entry of registration information; to keep you informed about products and services in which you may have interest; to complete business transactions; to contact you as part of a promotion; to allow you to make a posting on the Site; to administer individual accounts; to provide customer support; to meet legal requirements; to provide Internet security; and/or to analyze the collected information. In the event of a merger, consolidation, or sale or transfer of all or substantially all of our assets or business, one of the assets transferred may include the information we collect about our users.

We also reserve the right to collect Personally Identifiable Information about you when you sign up for our Forums. We will collect this information to ensure compliance with our Forum rules.

_Atlanta_ magazine works closely with our business partners and certain other third parties who may perform functions on our behalf, such as fulfilling orders, providing promotional materials to our users, sending e-mail, managing data, processing credit card payments, or providing customer service. They have access to your Personally Identifiable Information only to the extent necessary to perform their functions and may not use it for any other purpose. Further, these business partners and other third parties may from time to time wish to extend special offers to you on their own behalf. We may use your Personally Identifiable Information to assist our business partners in offering you these products, services, and information and may act as an intermediary (for instance, sending you e-mail on their behalf).

We cooperate with law enforcement inquiries as well as other efforts to enforce laws. We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information in response to legal process, such as a court order or subpoena, or to protect the Site, hosted sites, or users of these sites. We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information in response to a request by law enforcement if there is an investigation of criminal conduct or other illegal activity. In most cases you may not receive notice of this disclosure to law enforcement. Therefore, we cannot promise, nor should you expect that, communications you make will always remain private.

Other than for the specific purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to any third parties unless we obtain your prior consent or are legally compelled to do so. In addition, we will not contact you without your permission except as specified above or in connection with the registration process. On the Site, you will be given the opportunity to opt out of receiving e-mails or other information from _Atlanta_ magazine. If you have questions about how your Personally Identifiable Information is used, please contact us.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the Site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on this Site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.

When you visit the Site, we or a third-party advertiser may store or recognize some information on your computer in the form of a "cookie" or similar file that can help us in many ways. For example, cookies allow us to tailor the Site to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet browsers or other software, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. If you reject cookies, functionality of the Site may be severely limited, and you may not be able to take advantage of many of the Site's best features.

The Site features Forums (such as message boards and blogs), which enable our users to communicate with each other. We do not moderate and are not responsible for the content which you or any user posts on any forum on the Site. All Personally Identifiable Information you post in a Forum may be viewed, collected, and used by any visitor to the Site and is beyond our control. Therefore, _Atlanta_ magazine strongly recommends that you do not post on any Forum private information about yourself or other individuals.

The Site contains links to sites operated by our business partners and other third parties. Once you leave the Site, you may or may not see a new URL in the location bar. Please review the linked site's privacy policies, and if you do not agree to be bound by the terms of the policies governing that site, terminate your visit to that site. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the sites operated by our business partners or other third parties.

Any unauthorized use of the Site may result in criminal and/or civil prosecution. We have reasonable policies and procedures in place to protect the privacy and confidentiality of your information that we collect and maintain. All Personally Identifiable Information is stored on our secured servers, behind a firewall at a data center with access to data strictly controlled. To help ensure the privacy of your information, we urge you not to share your user name and password with anyone and recommend that you change your password frequently and store it in a safe place. If you are asked to create a user name or password, please select words that do not personally identify you.

The Site offers "auto login" which allows users to enter member areas of the Site without re-entering password information. You may want to disable auto login on your "Set Up" page if you are not the only person using your computer.

You should note that while we take steps to protect your privacy and security there is no "perfect security" on the Internet and by disclosing information there is a chance that the information may be intercepted or become public.

If you have any concerns about privacy procedures at our website or wish to access or modify your Personally Identifiable Information collected at the Site:

* E-mail us your privacy concerns: online@atlantamag.emmis.com   
* Write us at: Attn: Privacy/ 260 Peachtree Street, Suite 300 Atlanta, GA 30303  
* Call us at: 404-527-5500  
* Fax us at: 404-527-5575

Please make any communications as complete and descriptive as possible, and we will attempt to respond promptly to your concerns.

Effective May 5, 2005.
