> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the atlantichealth.org privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021212101817id_/http%3A//www.atlantichealth.org/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AHS

> **Atlantic Health System** web site is maintained by **Atlantic Health System, 325 Columbia Turnpike, Florham Park, New Jersey**. Atlantic can be reached by e-mail at [info@ahsys.org](mailto:info@ahsys.org)
> 
> **HOW ATLANTIC HEALTH SYSTEM USES INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU** : [www.AtlanticHealth.org](http://www.atlantichealth.org/) or any other Atlantic Health System site does not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when specifically and knowingly provided by such individuals. If you choose to purchase items through our commerce site, we will forward your information to third parties for credit card processing and order fulfillment. 
> 
> **Except for purposes outlined above, Atlantic Health System does not provide, sell or lease your personally identifiable information to any parties, unless otherwise stated at the time of collection. If you have any questions or concerns regarding what Atlantic Health System does with your information on any part of[www.AtlanticHealth.org](http://www.atlantichealth.org/), please e-mail [info@ahsys.org](mailto:info@ahsys.org) for answers, and wait for our response before you decide whether to submit any information.** Atlantic Health System collects anonymous, aggregated data for internal market research and statistical purposes. You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., first and last name, address, e-mail address, etc.) in Atlantic Health System's "Online Community" or Guest Book, that information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or parties. 
> 
> **REGISTRATION** : Users do not have to register to use Atlantic Health System's Internet site. Users may optionally choose to register with Atlantic Health System's "Online Community" or Guest Book to receive updated and personalized information via e-mail or regular mail. Users who have elected to register may may "opt out" of Atlantic Health System's "Online Community" at any time. The information that a user provides during registration is used only to send e-mail, online group mailings, or mail to the user, with information that he or she has indicated an interest in receiving. 
> 
> **COOKIES** : **Atlantic Health System** currently does not utilize cookies. Should Atlantic Health System implement cookies, it will be noted in an updated and ammended version of this Privacy Statement. 
> 
> **CHILDREN: The parts of this web site that permit information about a person (name, address, e-mail address, etc.) to be sent to us are NOT INTENDED for use by children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please ask your parents to help you in using those parts of this web site, and ask your parents for permission before you send any information about yourself (your name, address, e-mail address, etc.) to Atlantic Health System or anyone else over the Internet, and before making any online purchases.**
> 
> **PARENTS** : Atlantic Health System encourages you to get involved with your children's online usage and to be aware of the activities in which they are participating. Any personally identifiable information collected by **Atlantic Health System** from children under 13 years of age (that we are aware are children under 13 years of age) will be used only for **Atlantic Health System** internal purposes such as market research, fulfilling one-time requests for information or materials, and may sometimes be included in our database. However, such information will not be posted or published by Atlantic Health System, or provided to any third parties, without your prior consent. You should also be aware that if your child voluntarily discloses his name, e-mail address, etc., on Atlantic Health System's "Online Community" or Guest Book, such disclosure may result in unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should discourage your child from doing so. If you have any concerns about your child's or your use of [www.AtlanticHealth.org](http://www.atlantichealth.org/) **or any other Atlantic Healthy System Internet site** , please contact us at [info@ahsys.org](mailto:info@ahsys.org). 
> 
> When you follow a link from Atlantic Health System's Internet site to any third-party site, you are no longer protected by Atlantic Health System's Privacy Policy. 
> 
> Atlantic Health System may make changes to this Privacy Policy Changes will be posted on this site. 
