> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the atlanticbb.net privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160514214130id_/http%3A//www.atlanticbb.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Atlantic Broadband

### Atlantic Broadband Website Privacy Policy

 **Last revised: September 18, 2015**

This Website Privacy Policy (the "Policy") applies to your use of [http://www.atlanticbb.com](http://www.atlanticbb.com/), and the subdomains thereof (the "Website"). The Website is a service of Atlantic Broadband Finance, LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively, "Atlantic Broadband"). This statement discloses the privacy practices for this Website, including an explanation of which personally identifiable information of yours is collected; the organization collecting the information; how the information is used; with whom the information may be shared; which choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information; the kind of security procedures that are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information; and how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information. 

This Policy does not apply to Atlantic Broadband’s treatment of information it collects and receives about you through other means, such as in connection with services provided to you by Atlantic Broadband. Please review Atlantic Broadband’s Customer Privacy Policy that applies to its subscription services located at <http://atlanticbb.com/support/policies-and-agreements>.  

Questions regarding this Policy should be directed to Atlantic Broadband by sending a notice by U.S. Mail to Atlantic Broadband, Attention: Customer Privacy Specialist, 2 Batterymarch Park, Suite 205, Quincy MA 02169. 

#### Information You Voluntarily Provide to Atlantic Broadband 

To make use of some features on our Website visitors may need to register and provide certain information as part of the registration process. We may ask, for example, for your name, mailing and service address, e-mail address, and zip code, and we might request information on your interests in television viewing, sports, personal finance, or the performing arts. As an Atlantic Broadband customer, you may provide additional information, including but not limited to, your Atlantic Broadband account number, Website login credentials, user ID and/or password information, credit card or other payment information, and demographic information that may identify you as an individual or allow online or offline contact with you as an individual. Certain other information collected, such as security questions, may be used by Atlantic Broadband to verify your identity in the event that you lose or forget your Website login credentials.  

The information you supply will help us to offer you more personalized features, to tailor our Website to your interests, to allow you to accept any promotions or product or service offerings, to respond to your inquiries or send administrative notices, to prevent fraud (including unauthorized use of this Website or violations of applicable polices and terms of service), or to ensure our own compliance with the law. 

Supplying such information is entirely voluntary. If you choose not to supply the information, we may be unable to provide you with the products and services we make available to other visitors to the Website. You will not be able to order selected products or services over the Website unless you provide certain personally identifying information about yourself. When you submit any personally identifying information over the Website, Atlantic Broadband (i) will use the information for the purposes described at the time you submit it (for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and payment information provided while ordering one of our products or services will be used in connection with the processing and fulfillment of your order) and (ii) may use the information to contact you to make you aware of other products and services of interest. If you want to remain completely anonymous, you're still free to take advantage of the publicly available content on our Website without registration.  

Information about Children: The Website and our products and services are not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information about children under 18, unless expressly specified. 

#### Tracking Information Collected by Atlantic Broadband

To help make our site more responsive to the needs of our visitors, we invoke a standard feature of browser software, called a "cookie," to assign each visitor a unique, randomly generated number that temporarily resides on your computer. The cookie itself doesn't actually identify the visitor, just the particular computer session that a visitor uses to access the Website. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself, Atlantic Broadband will not know who you are, even if we generate a cookie for your particular Website session. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply. The Website may store information in a cookie about your computer configuration so that it can more efficiently provide information to you the next time you visit the Website. Atlantic Broadband uses cookies on the Website to remember your username and password, as well as help us tailor our Website to your needs, to deliver a better, more personalized service, and to remember certain choices you have made so you do not have to re-enter them. You can set your browser not to accept cookies, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other visitors to our Website. Atlantic Broadband does not store your name or other personal information in cookies. Atlantic Broadband may also use "pixel tags" or similar technologies in the Website, for example, as a way to gather information about your visit, such as your IP Address and information or statistics about your visit. A pixel tag is typically a one-pixel, transparent image (although it can be a visible image as well), located on a web page or in an e-mail or other type of message, which is retrieved from a remote site on the Internet enabling the verification of an individual's viewing or receipt of a web page or message. 

In connection with the standard operation of the Website, certain other non-personally identifiable information about visitors to this Website is recorded. This information may include the other websites you visit and how you interact with them, clickstream and in-page analytics such as the clicks you make and the pages you visit on this Website; advertising campaign analytics such as the ads you see and/or click on; and other information about the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using. We use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Website and services. We may use this information in an aggregate, non-personally identifiable form to, among other things, measure the use of our Website and determine which products and services are the most popular with Website visitors.  

#### Information Sharing or Disclosure

Except as described in this policy, Atlantic Broadband does not share your data without your consent. However, we may share or disclose your personal data within the Atlantic Broadband family of companies, including with affiliates and subsidiaries; with vendors and partners that help us with various business purposes, such as offering, marketing, providing, billing for, and maintaining and repairing our network, products and services; with other outside companies to deliver advertising campaigns, subject to the terms of this Policy; with law enforcement agencies and other parties as required by law; and to protect against fraud, abuse, or harm or to protect our interests. 

#### Other Third Party Websites

To make our Website more valuable to our visitors, we may offer some features or advertisements in conjunction with other providers. Our Website may also include links to other third-party websites whose privacy policies we do not control. Once you leave our Website, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the website you are visiting, which may differ from this Policy. You should contact these third party websites directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect.  

#### Security of Information 

All information gathered on our Website is stored within an Atlantic Broadband-controlled database accessible only to Atlantic Broadband and its specifically authorized contractors. However, as effective as any security measure implemented by Atlantic Broadband may be, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the complete security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. If you do not want us to know any particular information about you, do not include it in anything that you submit or post to this Website.  

#### Do Not Track 

Do Not Track is a standard that is currently under development. Because it is not yet finalized, we follow the standards described in this privacy policy and do not yet respond to “Do Not Track” signals sent from browsers. To learn about Do Not Track, please click here. 

#### Changes to this Privacy Statement  

We may change this Policy from time to time at our sole discretion. If we change this Policy, we will post the changes on our Website. Such changes and/or modifications shall become effective immediately upon posting thereof. By continuing to use the Website after we post any changes, you accept and agree to this Policy, as modified.  
