> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pdf-express.org privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111205220354id_/http%3A//www.ieee.org/web/publications/rights/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# IEEE - About Your Security and Privacy

There are a number of areas in the IEEE Web Site where we ask for and collect information about you, including personally identifiable information. Where we do, it is in order to serve you better, or is necessary to accomplish the service you are requesting. Examples include membership information (which may include name, address, email, telephone number and educational and professional experience information), security identifiers, shipping information, and product purchase information stored in online shopping carts.

Information provided to this site is processed and stored on computers in various countries, including the United States.

Membership information is used both in the IEEE mailing lists (which also includes lists provided to technical and geographical units of the IEEE (for example, societies and sections)) and in the IEEE Membership Directory.

From time to time, to better serve our members and to supplement member dues, the IEEE mailing list, in part or as a whole, is released to other engineering and carefully selected third party organizations to provide you with information on technical products and services related to your profession, or that we otherwise believe is useful to our members. In addition, the mailing lists may be used in connection with informing you about IEEE services, products, conferences, meetings and events. You may instruct us to not share information about you in the IEEE mailing lists with third parties by indicating this preference on your membership application when you join the IEEE, on your renewal form when you renew your membership, or by visiting [IEEE Support Center](https://supportcenter.ieee.org/) and filling Submit a Question form . Your choice to opt-out of third party mailings is effective until the next annual renewal date and you must select the mailing lists opt-out option on your renewal form to keep the opt-out in effect.

The IEEE Membership Directory, printed annually and available for sale to IEEE members and others, contains each member's, name, mailing address (home or business), IEEE grade progression, title (if applicable), company (if applicable), telephone number and email (if applicable) _ **.**_ All members' names and member grades are always listed in the Directory. You may choose to limit the information listed in the next printing of the directory to only your name and member grade by visiting [IEEE Support Center](https://supportcenter.ieee.org/) and filling Submit a Question form. This opt-out must also be renewed annually with your membership renewal to remain in effect.

Security identifiers are not disclosed to third parties or affiliated persons or entities. Shipping information (except membership information as noted above) and product purchase information stored in online shopping carts is not disclosed except in connection with the fulfillment and processing of your orders and requests.

All IEEE Financial Advantage Program services are provided by third parties and not by the IEEE. When you provide information about yourself in connection with these services and products, you are providing this information to third party service providers and not to the IEEE. The terms of those products and services and the use of all information provided by you to them in connection with such products and services are governed by the privacy policies and practices of such third party service providers.Information you provide to IEEE Travel Services is provided to travel carriers and service providers in order to fulfill your travel-related requests. Their use of that information is governed by their privacy policies, not the privacy policy of IEEE.  
 
