> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pdfforge.org privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160628060423id_/http%3A//www.pdfforge.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# pdfforge | Privacy Policy

**Privacy**

Using the website usually is possible without providing personal data. If personal Data are collected on our site (i.e. name or email address), this always happens voluntarily as it is feasible. Without your explicit permission, your data will not be passed or sold to others.

We stress the fact that any kind of transmission through the internet can be subject to security issues. A gapless security of this transmission can’t be accomplished.

Using the information we provide in the imprint for the purpose of sending unrequested advertisement is strictly prohibited. We explicitly claim the right to take legal actions against any kind of unsolicited advertisement.

**Cookies**

To optimize our web presence, we use cookies. These are small text files stored in your computer's main memory. These cookies are deleted after you close the browser. Other cookies remain on your computer (long-term cookies) and permit its recognition on your next visit. This allows us to improve your access to our site.

You can prevent storage of cookies by choosing a "disable cookies" option in your browser settings.

**Privacy Policy for Google AdSense**

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB>. You can refuse the use of Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set on the computer, which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this link: [Disable Google Analytics](https://web.archive.org/web/20160628060423id_/http%3A//www.pdfforge.org/%E2%80%9Cjavascript:gaOptout\(\)%E2%80%9C)

Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at <http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html> or at <https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk/policies/>. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “anonymizeIp” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).

**Privacy Policy for Google AdSense**

This website uses Google AdSense, as service for providing advertisements by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google AdSense uses “cookies” (small text files) that are stored on your computer and used to analyze the website utilization. Google AdSense also uses web beacons (invisible image files) which allow to track information like the website traffic.

The information created by the cookies and web beacons about the usage of this website (including IP Address and advertisement formats) will be transferred to a Google server in the USA. Google can pass these information to contracted partners. Google will not merge your IP Address with your other information though.

You can disable the cookie functionality using appropriate browser settings. This can impact the usage of this website though. By using this website, you agree that Google may process your data in the described way and for the named purpose.

**Privacy Policy for InstallMonetizer**

**Privacy:** InstallMonetizer values it’s user’s privacy. They are committed to ethical delivery advertising recommendation and delivery of recommended products. They do not collect any personally identifiable information. In simple language this means, they don’t know the name, gender, age, email, and interests of any users. To read their privacy policy in full, please find it below. In additional, each advertiser product recommended has its own privacy policy which each user can freely review before accepting any recommended product. **Privacy Policy for InstallMonetizer:** InstallMonetizer herein referred to as (“We” or “InstallMonetizer”) regards each user’s privacy as important. This privacy policy covers the privacy rules associated with user’s interaction with InstallMonetizer’s websites, services or products and recommended advertiser which are presented to end users via other partner software products. User’s must review the partner software product’s own privacy policy and in addition review the privacy policy of any advertiser product recommended by InstallMonetizer. *Partner software product are third party software developers who have chosen to display recommended advertiser software via InstallMonetizer’s platform. **WHAT WE COLLECT AND WHY:** We collection information to help ensure the products we recommend are compatible with user’s pc specifications. When a user begins installation of a partner software product, Installmonetizer downloads a small file which determines the specifications of a computer, language, software & browsers on the user’s pc, country level location of a user, and verification of any recommended advertiser the user installed. No personally identifiable information is gathered. While visiting our websites, we may send your browser a cookie which is stored in your browser and allows us to identify it. Cookies are used too help better understand our users product interest. In addition, our websites include traffic tracking software which simply tracks the number of visits to our sites and usage of our site. USAGE OF COLLECTED DATA: Any information collect is anonymous. We use the data in whole to improve our advertiser recommendations. We do not sell or otherwise market this information to third parties. We may from time to time share with advertisers non-personally identifiable information for them to improve the performance of their products. We may share information if required to: (1) comply with law, regulation, subpoena or court order; (2) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (3) enforce this Privacy Policy and/or any other agreements between you and InstallMonetizer, including investigation of potential violations thereof; or (4) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of InstallMonetizer, its visitors, users and/or the public. **INFORMATION SECURITY:** We use industry standard encryption and security protocols to ensure the data collected is secure. Although no technology is 100% secure we strive to use the best technology to protect our data. That being said, despite the measures we take we cannot warrant the security of any information provided to us. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. If you have feedback, questions or concerns contact us at Privacy, c/o InstallMonetizer 5655 Silver Creek Vly Rd 615 San Jose, CA 95138. You may also email us at [support@installmonetizer.com](mailto:support@installmonetizer.com)
