> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iqu.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190418195709id_/https%3A//iqu.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - iQU

## **iQU Privacy Policy  **

### \- corporate website and services -

Last Updated: May 2018

### Personal Data

Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

### Usage Data

Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Website infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

### Cookies

Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.

### Tracking Pixels

Tracking pixels (also known as web beacons) are used in combination with cookies to help website operators understand how visitors interact with their websites.

### Data Controller

Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.

### Data Processor (or Website Providers)

Data Processor (or Website Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.

We may use the services of various Website Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

### Data Subject

Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

### User

The User is the individual using our Website. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Website to you.

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data

While using our Website, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information are limited to:

  * Email address
  * First name and last name
  * Phone number
  * IP-address
  * Cookies and Usage Data



We may use your Personal Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send.

#### Usage Data

We may also collect information on how the Website is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Website that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

#### Tracking Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies (tracking pixels) to track the activity on our Website and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Website.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Website.

Examples of Cookies we use:

  *  **Session Cookies.** We use Session Cookies to operate our Website.
  *  **Preference Cookies.** We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
  *  **Security Cookies.** We use Security Cookies for security purposes.



### How to Control the Use of Cookies

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies when you land on the Website. iQU visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers by iQU, its contractors, or third-party service providers should not consent with the cookies notice and will not be tracked any further. Certain features of iQU's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

## Use of Data

iQU Online B.V. uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * To provide and maintain our Website
  * To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Website when you choose to do so
  * To provide customer support
  * To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Website
  * To monitor the usage of our Website
  * To detect, prevent and address technical issues
  * To provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about, only if you have opted to receive such information



## Retention of Data

iQU Online B.V. will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

iQU Online B.V. will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Website, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## Transfer Of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside the Netherlands and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to Netherlands and process it there

iQU Online B.V. will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

### Disclosure for Law Enforcement

Under certain circumstances, iQU Online B.V. may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Legal Requirements

iQU Online B.V. may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

  * To comply with a legal obligation
  * To protect and defend the rights or property of iQU Online B.V.
  * To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Website
  * To protect the personal safety of users of the Website or the public
  * To protect against legal liability



## Security Of Data

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## "Do Not Track" Signals

We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.

You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.

## Your Rights

iQU Online B.V. aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data.

Whenever made possible, you can update your Personal Data directly within your account settings section. If you are unable to change your Personal Data, please contact us to make the required changes.

If you wish to be informed what Personal Data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.

In certain circumstances, you have the right:

  * access and obtain a copy of your data on request;
  * obtain information about what kind of personal data we have acquired so far and what we do with this data;
  * require us to change incorrect or incomplete data;
  * require us to send your personal data to another party;
  * require us to delete or stop processing your data, for example where the data is no longer necessary for the purposes of processing;
  * object to the processing of your data where we are relying on its legitimate interests as the legal ground for processing; and
  * file a complaint about the processing of your personal data with the Dutch Data Protection Authority (Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens).



Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

## iQU as a Data Processor (Customers)

As a service provider to its customers, iQU will be considered as the Data Processor. As a Data Processors, we can provide you with flexibility and control over how we process your data.

To handle the Personally Identifiable Information - PII (end user’s IP addresses and any device identifiers), iQU has optimized the data gathering for these real-time actions (before they enter in the Data Processor's reporting databases):

a) Obfuscate the last octet of the IP address to be replaced with a "0" and anonymized;

b) Replace values that are passed in unique device ID macros with an empty string;

An end Advertiser’s user can send a request to us to delete any records that contain their PII, specifically their unique device ID. Depending on the business nature of the end user, iQU will directly inform the Data Controler to erase all the specific data and then reach out to any Partners/Publishers that iQU works with to also delete any records that have been stored for those end users. The Data Processor and therefore the Data Controller, will be updating the retention of the log/event level reporting (conversion report, click logs) to go back by only 25 months.

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Website ("Website Providers"), to provide the Website on our behalf, to perform Website-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Website is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

### Analytics

We may use third-party Website Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Website.

 **Google Analytics**

Google Analytics is a web analytics Website offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Website. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Website available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>

### Behavioral Remarketing

iQU Online B.V. uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Website. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Website.

 **Google AdWords**

Google AdWords remarketing Website is provided by Google Inc.

You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: <http://www.google.com/settings/ads>

Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on - <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout> \- for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>

**Twitter**

Twitter remarketing Website is provided by Twitter Inc.

You can opt-out from Twitter's interest-based ads by following their instructions: <https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405>

You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Twitter by visiting their Privacy Policy page: <https://twitter.com/privacy>

**Facebook**

Facebook remarketing Website is provided by Facebook Inc.

You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: <https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950>

To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from Facebook: <https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217>

Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/>, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada <http://youradchoices.ca/> or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe <http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/>, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.

For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: <https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation>

Our Website may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Website, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

  * By email: [info@iqu.com](mailto:info@iqu.com)
  * Tel:+31 (0) 23 202 04 33
  * Address: Stationsplein 112, 2011 LN Haarlem, The Netherlands
  * iQU Online B.V.



Cookies are important to the proper functioning of a site. To improve your experience, we use cookies to collect statistics to optimize site functionality, and deliver content tailored to your interests. Click Agree and Proceed to accept cookies and go directly to the site or click on More Information to see detailed descriptions of the types of cookies and choose whether to accept cookies while on the site.ACCEPTDON'T ACCEPT[More Information](https://iqu.com/privacy-policy/)
