> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hypeddit.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180129110357id_/https%3A//hypeddit.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Hypeddit Privacy Policy

Your privacy is very important to BeatCanteen LLC. Accordingly, BeatCanteen LLC has developed this Privacy Policy in order for you to understand how BeatCanteen LLC collects, uses, communicates, discloses and makes use of personal information. The following outlines the Privacy Policy but it is to your benefit to read the specific elements that follow below.

  1. Before or at the time of collecting personal information, BeatCanteen LLC will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
  2. BeatCanteen LLC will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by BeatCanteen LLC and for other compatible purposes, unless BeatCanteen LLC obtains the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
  3. BeatCanteen LLC will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
  4. BeatCanteen LLC will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned. 
  5. Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date. 
  6. BeatCanteen LLC will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
  7. BeatCanteen LLC will make readily available to customers information about BeatCanteen LLC’s policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
  8. BeatCanteen LLC is committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.



#### Below are the specific elements of the Privacy Policy.

  1. Information BeatCanteen LLC Collects and How BeatCanteen LLC Uses It When you use the Website, BeatCanteen LLC may collect the following information: 
    1. Should you sign up for a “pro” subscription, BeatCanteen LLC will collect the information necessary to complete that transaction, including credit card, PayPal and/or other payment information. BeatCanteen LLC will release such information as reasonable if you commit any fraud or violate any civil, regulatory or criminal law.
    2. You may be required to complete subscription registration forms that provide BeatCanteen LLC with correct and up to date contact information (such as your name and street address), your email address, and your phone number(s).
    3. Computer-specific information including, without limitation, the unique computer and/or device ID assigned to your computer, platform type and version, hardware and processor type and human readable hardware name. This information is necessary to identify your account to simplify sign-on, and to determine the hardware requirements of BeatCanteen LLC’s users.
    4. Aggregate (general tracking) and user specific information about pages that users visit on the Website.
    5. Cookies: BeatCanteen LLC may employ cookies when users create user accounts by completing the subscription registration process and BeatCanteen LLC may further employ cookies to assist the functionality of the Website in the future. Cookies are small pieces of information, stored in simple text files, placed on your computer by a website which can be read by the website on your subsequent visits; the information stored in a cookie may relate to your browsing habits on the website, or a unique identification number so that the website can “remember” you on your return visit and BeatCanteen LLC may use cookies to enhance your usage of the Website. Generally speaking, cookies do not contain personal information from which you can be identified, unless you have furnished such information to the Website. You may disable cookies at any time via your browser preferences but if you disable cookies on your browser, please note that some parts of the Website may not function as effectively or may operate slower,
    6. User session information (which is not shared with third parties), including identification and length (a randomly generated identification created for each time you use the Website, and the amount of time you use the Website, in a single session), which shows BeatCanteen LLC user preferences regarding return visits to the Website, helps BeatCanteen LLC to mange subscriptions and private areas on the Website, records user specific tracking and/or aggregate tracking information of BeatCanteen LLC’s users and delivers customized content based on user specific information, such as browser type, screen type and resolution; BeatCanteen LLC may use this information in aggregated form in order to improve future development of the Website.
    7. As an automatic process, BeatCanteen LLC may record email and internet protocol (IP) addresses that access the Website for evaluation and diagnostic purposes in order to seek out and repair functionality issues with BeatCanteen LLC’s servers and related programming, and to monitor traffic patterns, analyze trends, administer the Website, track use patterns, and identify the most popular areas of the Website to deliver content most relevant to BeatCanteen LLC’s users. IP addresses are not linked to your personally identifiable information and are only used to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use and in connection therewith, BeatCanteen LLC hereby reserves the right to share aggregated demographic information with BeatCanteen LLC’s partners provided that such information will not be linked to your personally identifiable information that identifies you, except in the case of fraud or if BeatCanteen LLC determines, in its sole discretion, that it is necessary to enforce compliance to protect the Website, BeatCanteen LLC’s users and others.
    8. BeatCanteen LLC may be required to disclose your personally identifiable information if a governmental agency, or an attorney, subpoenas your private information, or makes a formal request for discovery pursuant to any legal action, or pending legal action.
    9. BeatCanteen LLC may disclose your personally identifiable information if BeatCanteen LLC believes you have committed fraud or copyright infringement or have violated our Terms any of the other policies and/or guidelines incorporated therein by reference which govern your use of the Website.
    10. BeatCanteen LLC may disclose your personally identifiable information if its attorney requests such information in connection with a current or pending legal matter in which you are a potential or actual party or if you otherwise contributed in some way to the causation of the legal matter.
    11. BeatCanteen LLC may also use the information that it collects for internal tracking, review, or for contact purposes and such information is then archived by BeatCanteen LLC for future usage.
  2. General Information It is BeatCanteen LLC’s policy, except as noted above, not to sell, trade, lease, give away or otherwise release your personally identifiable information, which includes your name, physical address (business or home), home or business telephone number and your e-mail address. It is BeatCanteen LLC’s policy not to send unsolicited emails or allow third parties to contact you via the email address that you provide to BeatCanteen LLC. BeatCanteen LLC may, from time to time, contact you to discuss business relevant to your subscription and, naturally, BeatCanteen LLC will contact you to respond to inquiries that you may send to BeatCanteen LLC. Your email address may be published on the Website. We are not responsible for any unwanted email that is sent to you by any third party or entity who has collected your email address from the Website. BeatCanteen LLC may, from time to time, send you emails regarding our Website so that BeatCanteen LLC can directly communicate with you regarding issues BeatCanteen LLC determines to be relevant. BeatCanteen LLC does not collect information about its users from third party sources, such as public records or entities, or private organizations. BeatCanteen LLC does not knowingly collect identifiable information from or about minors. BeatCanteen LLC has implemented security policies, rules and technical measures to protect the personally identifiable information that BeatCanteen LLC has under its control. These policies, rules and technical measures help to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification, and unlawful destruction or accidental loss. However, note that no policy, rule or technical measure can provide 100% protection against unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification, unlawful destruction or accidental loss. 



Please contact BeatCanteen LLC at  if you should have any questions, comments or concerns about this Privacy Policy.
