> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eztexting.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080619143235id_/http%3A//www.eztexting.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Ez Texting Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting our site at [www.eztexting.com](http://www.eztexting.com/) (" _Website_ ").  Use and access of this Website is subject to the terms and conditions as set out in our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/web/20080619143235id_/http%3A//www.eztexting.com/tou.html) as well as our Privacy Policy set forth below.

**1\. General.**  
Your privacy is important to us and we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the collection and use of the personal information you submit at this Website. 

If you are visiting the Website from outside the United States, please be advised that your personal data will be processed by Club Texting in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may differ from similar regulations in other countries.  By using the Website, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country if you are located outside of the United States.  Additionally, by using the Website, you consent to Ez Texting using your personal information to contact you electronically, in writing, or otherwise to provide notices relating to your use of the Website and to give you information about the products and services offered by Ez Texting and its affiliates.  If you would like to opt out of future promotional materials from us, you may indicate this preference by following the unsubscribe instructions at the end of such communications from us.

**2\. Personally-Identifiable Information**  
In order to purchase products or services from Ez Texting, we require that you provide us with certain personally identifiable information (please see our _Terms of Service_ for additional details). The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected by Ez Texting through the Website include, without limitation: name, address, e-mail address, cell phone number and MSISDN (mobile station integrated services digital network number), credit card and billing information, download history, customer generated content and/or information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services.  Ez Texting will not collect any personally-identifiable information about you unless you provide it to us voluntarily. 

We may use such personally identifiable information to provide the services that you have requested, to contact you about programs, products, features or services in which we believe you may be interested (such as future promotional materials), or for other purposes disclosed from time to time.  We also may use your personally identifiable information to contact you regarding your use of our Website or changes to our Privacy Policy, _Terms of Service_ , or other policies or terms that affect you and your use of our Website and services. In addition, we may use information collected about our users to improve the content and navigation of our Website, or for other internal purposes.

We may, from time to time, supplement the information we collect from you with outside records (e.g., information we obtain from other companies, including wireless providers) to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you, and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you.

To fulfill your requests for products and services, we may share the personally identifiable information you provide with your cell phone service provider or their partner and subcontractor companies.  Please know that this Privacy Policy does not cover such entities use of information. To learn more about your provider’s privacy practices, you should consult its privacy policy. 

In addition, we may disclose personally identifiable information collected about you in the following instances:

> **A.         Legal Action:** We may disclose information about our users, including personally identifiable information; (i) when requested by governmental or quasi-governmental authorities conducting an investigation; (ii) if required to do so by subpoena, court order or legal process; (iii) to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws; or (iv) to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website. We also may disclose user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability; to protect or defend our rights or property; or protect the safety, rights, or property of our users.  
>  **B.         Change in Control:** We may sell, transfer, or otherwise disclose user information, including personally identifiable information, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of substantially all assets, or other corporate change respecting Ez Texting, the Website and/or the services offered hereby.

Except as stated in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise stated at the time personally-identifiable information is gathered, Ez Texting will not provide personally-identifiable information to third parties who are not under the direction and control of Ez Texting. 

**3\. Cookies**  
To enhance your experience with our site, we may use "cookies" on our Website. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide features. Cookies, by themselves, do not tell us your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at our Website. However, once you become a Customer and furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie.

We use cookies to understand site usage and to improve the content and offerings on our Website. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our Website (e.g., to recognize you when you return to our site). With most internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information. However, certain areas of our site can be accessed only in conjunction with cookies or similar devices and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar devices might prevent you from accessing some of our content.

**4\. Children**  
The Website is not directed at individuals less than thirteen (13) years of age, and Ez Texting does not intend to collect any personally-identifiable information from such individuals, unless otherwise stated at the time such information is collected. 

**5\. Information Collected Automatically**  
Ez Texting may also (i) automatically collect non-personally-identifiable information about your use of the Website, such as the domain from which you access the Internet (for example, Comcast.net, if you are connecting from a Comcast account), the date and time you access the Website, and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our Website; and (ii) use data capture and analysis tools, and other similar tools, to extract, compile and analyze any non-personally identifiable data or information resulting from your use of the Website and the services offered thereon (collectively “ _Blind Data_?).  To the extent that any Blind Data is collected by Ez Texting, such Blind Data shall be solely owned by Ez Texting and may be used by Ez Texting for any lawful business purpose, including, without limitation, analyzing and enhancing the Website and services offered hereby, disclosing such Blind Data to third parties for a variety of purposes.

**6\. Links to Other Websites**  
The Website may contain links to third party websites, whose information practices may be different than Ez Texting’s. Visitors should consult such third-party sites’ privacy notices as Ez Texting does not have any control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.  Ez Texting does not make any representations or warranties as to the security of any information (including, without limitation, credit card and other personal information) you might be requested to give any third party. 

These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by Ez Texting of the contents on such third-party websites.  Ez Texting cannot ensure that you will be satisfied with any products or services that you purchase from a third-party site that links to or from the Website, since these sites are owned and operated by independent retailers.

Ez Texting is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party sites.  Ez Texting has not taken any steps to confirm the accuracy or reliability of any of the information contained in such third-party sites.  If you decide to access linked third-party sites, you do so at you own risk. Ez Texting strongly encourages you to make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any online or off-line transaction with any of these third parties. 

**7\. Data Security**  
The importance of security for all personally-identifiable information associated with visitors to the Website is of utmost concern to Ez Texting, and we have implemented, and periodically review, certain physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help prevent unauthorized access and maintain data security. Unfortunately, due to the open nature of Internet communications, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be secure, and thus we cannot guarantee that communications between you and Ez Texting will be free from unauthorized access by third parties. Visitors of the Website and Customers use the site at their own risk.

**7\. Your Acceptance of These Terms**  
By accessing the Website, you signify your assent to the Ez Texting Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not access the Website. You should visit this page periodically, as we may, from time to time, update this Privacy Policy and such changes shall be effectively immediately upon posting on the Website and without further notice to you.  Your continued access to the Website following the posting of changes to this Privacy Policy shall be deemed an acceptance of such changes by you.  Ez Texting will, however, use personally-identifiable information only in accordance with the version of the Privacy Policy under which the information was collected. 

**Questions/Concerns?**   
If you have any questions, comments, or concerns regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at: [info@Eztexting.com](mailto:info@clubtexting.com). 

Last updated December 2007. 
