> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lob.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-08-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130806210039id_/https%3A//www.lob.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Lob - Printing API

##### This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 8, 2013.

  1. Our Policy 
    * Your privacy is important, so Lob.com, Inc. (“Lob”) has created the following Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect when you visit our website, why we collect it and how it is used.
    * The terms “Company,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Lob. This Privacy Policy is governed by our Terms of Service. By using this website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. We may periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy that we will include on this page. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes to it, so we encourage you to visit this page often. 
  2. What Information Is Collected? 
    * “Personally identifiable information” means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, home or other physical address, an email address, phone number or other contact information, whether at work or at home. When you use our website or services Lob may collect from you the following personally identifiable information: First and last name, city, state, zip code, email address, birthday and phone number. Lob also automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookie information and the page you request. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. 
    * Lob may keep a cached copy of the content you serve us as a part of your use of the service for an indeterminate amount of time, including media files and XML files. To assist in development, we may keep copies of HTTP requests and responses in your notification log, available only to you. If your web server does not specify that we can cache your content, we will not keep a cached copy of any text or audio data transmitted through our service during calls, but we may still maintain copies in your notification log. If data privacy is a concern, make sure your server does not allow us to cache such content, and contact us so that we may turn off other application logging around requests to and responses from your application. We may keep notification log, billing/ payment and other log data for at least six months from the date of entry. 
  3. How Is Such Information Used? 
    * Lob uses the personally identifiable and other collected information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide personally identifiable information for a certain reason, we may use the personally identifiable information in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by e-mail, we will use the personally identifiable information you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if you provide personally identifiable information in order to obtain access to the Lob website or services, we will use such information to provide you with access to such services and to monitor your use of such services. Your personally identifiable information may be used to provide you with new product information and support services offered on the website, to notify you of technical updates or changes in policy, to improve the content and functionality of the Lob website and services, to help us better understand our users and to deliver other services.
  4. Is The Information Shared or Disclosed? 
    * Lob is not in the business of selling your information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your personally identifiable information with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:
    * • Third Party Applications and Services: If you elect to use one or more third party applications that interoperate with Lob’s services, those applications may upon your election be given access to data (which may include personally identifiable information) on Lob’s systems generated in connection with your use of Lob’s services. Please remember that Lob is not responsible for the policies and practices of third party application providers, and Lob shall have no liability arising from any action of any such provider as it concerns your data or information or otherwise. In connection with your use of any such third party applications, please review carefully the applicable privacy policies each such third party application provider to become familiar with their policies and practices as it concerns your data and information.
    * • Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, personally identifiable information may be part of the transferred assets. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer or successor of Lob may continue to use your information as set forth in this policy. 
    * • Related Companies: We may also share your personally identifiable information with any entity that is affiliated with us for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy. 
    * • Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties: Lob, like many businesses, sometimes uses other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another entity to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function. 
    * • Legal Requirements and Other Circumstances: Lob may disclose your personally identifiable information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (i) Comply with a legal obligation; (ii) protect and defend the rights or property of Lob; (iii) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Lob website or services or the public; or (iv) protect against legal liability. 
  5. Access 
    * In the event that you have volunteered personally identifiable information, you may correct or amend that information by editing your account profile or emailing us at [support@lob.com](mailto:support@lob.com)
  6. The Security of Your Information 
    * We will take reasonable precautions to protect personally identifiable information in our possession from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personally identifiable information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is, however, 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
  7. Children 
    * Lob does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. Lob is not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 13. Any person who provides their information to Lob represents to us that they are 13 years of age or older. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided personally identifiable information to Lob through this website, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.
  8. Cookies 
    * Cookies are small text files stored by your browser in your computer when you visit our website. Cookies permit us to recognize users and avoid repetitive requests for the same information. Most browsers will accept cookies until you change your browser settings to refuse them. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by Lob and does not cover the use of cookies by any other third party.
  9. Forums and Comments 
    * If you post comments on this website, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit can be read, collected and used by other users of this website, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. Lob is not responsible for any personally identifiable information you choose to submit in that context or anything arising from such submissions. 
  10. Links to Other Sites 
    * This website may contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us. Please be aware that Lob is not responsible for the privacy policies of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies only to information collected by this website.
  11. Your Consent To This Privacy Policy 
    * By using Lob, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. Our Terms of Service take precedence over any conflicting Privacy Policy provision. We may change this Privacy Policy by posting a new version of this Privacy Policy on this website which it is your responsibility to review. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed about how we are protecting the personally identifiable information we collect. Your continued use of this website or Lob’s services constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates.
  12. Contacting Lob 
    * If you believe that Lob has not adhered to this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at [support@lob.com](mailto:support@lob.com) or by postal mail at 250 Santa Fe Terrace Suite 120, Sunnyvale, CA 94085 and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remedy the problem.
  13. Last Updated July 8th, 2013


