> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the qa-distiller.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-09-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060925201445id_/http%3A//qa-distiller.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# QA Distiller

Yamagata fully understands your need for online privacy and takes the necessary precautions. That is why we take all possible steps to respect your privacy when you visit and use our website. On the Yamagata website, personal details are collected only by e-mail. 

The information you provide by e-mail, post, telephone or fax is stored in the files of Yamagata NV under public law (Maaltecenter Blok G, Derbylaan 365; B-9051 Gent SDW; Belgium). It is used to provide you with the service or information that you requested and to inform you about our company. 

If you do not wish to receive such information you can notify us by [e-mail](mailto:qa-distiller@yamagata-europe.com) or by regular post. You have the right to access and, if necessary, correct your personal data. If you wish to do so, please send a dated and signed request with a copy of your ID card to the address above. 

The databases containing your information are protected with the latest technology against unauthorized access. Data collected are not disclosed to third parties. 

The data we do keep concern which pages on this website are consulted. We use the (anonymous) information generated by page 'hits' to enhance the quality of our website. 

#### [Copyright Yamagata Europe 2004](https://web.archive.org/web/20060925201445id_/http%3A//qa-distiller.com/copyright.htm) \- All Rights Reserved. - [Privacy statement](https://web.archive.org/web/20060925201445id_/http%3A//qa-distiller.com/privacy.htm) \- Comments about the site to the [Webmaster](mailto:webmaster@yamagata-europe.com)
