> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the widestat.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121022151931id_/http%3A//widestat.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# WideStat.com - Website Worth Calculator, Estimated Website Revenue, Approximate Traffic Value - Privacy

On the basis of information collected via DART cookie Google has an opportunity of showing users advertising materials in which they are interested in depending on their different site visits. This service is optional and if user wants to get rid of it he or she may use http://www.google.com/privacy_3.html link to opt it out. If the user enters Widestat.com website such personal information as IP address, which was used during access together with date and time of entering will be logged. This data is for internal use only. With its help we can analyze trends, make site administration, and see movements of this or that user to collect mass demographics. Don’t worry nobody can find personal information by IP addresses because this two things are not connected. Third party websites and their links: On this website you can find useful reference links. We don’t bear responsibility for the privacy policies of the third party websites. Their privacy policies may be different and you should take it into account.

WideStat.com does not contain any information or services for children. In case you are a person under 18 years old you should be supervised by parent/guardian during the use of Widestat.com.
