> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the widencollective.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081219104714id_/http%3A//www.widen.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Widen

## Privacy Policy

Widen Enterprises, Inc. is committed to the privacy of all users and has created this policy to disclose our privacy practices to ensure users are comfortable with sharing pertinent information. Widen Enterprises, Inc. pledges to maintain integrity and professional practices while working with private information. 

### Security

Using an industry standard 128-bit secure socket layer (SSL) connection, personal information such as name, company information, email address, shipping numbers, and credit card information is encrypted. This encryption creates an environment where the information transferred is unable to be identified. Upon entry into the application, you know you have entered the secure area when the address changes from http to https. A variety of other security measures take place behind the scenes to ensure other areas and information within the system are secured. This security will remain transparent to the user and is the intellectual property of Widen Enterprises, Inc. 

### Collecting Personal Information 

Users will be required to register and share personal and company information. This information is captured to create a unique login and password that is associated to the user. The individual will have access to this information for modification as needed.   
This information will not be used for purposes other than troubleshooting and identifying various situations users may encounter. Email containing information may be generated by administrators to keep you informed as to the status of the system or an order. The information will not be sold or distributed to other organizations. 

### Child Information Protection 

This site does not knowingly collect information from any children and is created for general user and administrative access only. 

### Tracking Information 

Activity within the site will be captured by administrators for tracking and monitoring purposes. This information will be used to generate reports on usage and to determine popular areas of the application.. This information will not be sold or distributed to other organizations. 

### Questions 

Questions about this privacy policy should be directed to Privacy Policy Associate at [info@widen.com](mailto:info@widen.com?subject=Privacy%20Policy%20Questions) or the site administrator. You may reach the site administrator by selecting the help area in the upper left and choosing the email link. 
