> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the retailcustomerexperience.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141121180232id_/http%3A//www.retailcustomerexperience.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Retail Customer Experience

At the same time that we are committed to bringing you information tailored to your individual needs, we recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of personally identifiable information collected about you, our customers and prospects. In adopting this customer privacy policy, our intent is to balance our legitimate business interests in collecting and using information with your reasonable expectations of privacy.

We do not collect personally identifying information about individuals, except when specifically, knowingly and voluntarily provided by such individuals.

Web servers serving us automatically collect information about which pages each user visits and the domain name of visitors. This is used for internal review, to tailor information to individual visitors and for traffic audits. We also provide this information (as well as information from third-party market researchers) about our users on an aggregated, anonymous basis to our advertisers. Any personally identifiable information provided by registrants online as part of an advertiser promotion online (i.e. online coupons) may be provided directly to advertisers.

We may place a "cookie" on the browser of our user's computer. The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifying information. A cookie can be used to tell when your computer has contacted a Web site; we use the information for editorial purposes and for other purposes such as delivery of ads, so we can customize delivery of information without compromising privacy.

A user's personally identifiable information (e.g., name, e-mail address) may be used by Networld for editorial purposes. For example, we may use information provided by you to us as part of an editorial online survey. Personal information will not be distributed to any third party unless a) you specifically request information from one or more of our advertisers or partners, or b) you request a downloadable special publication such as but not limited to a guide or special report. When you download a special publication, you acknowledge that we may share your contact information with the sponsor of that special publication.

From time to time, we may send you information that we believe you will find valuable. These mailings are always managed by us. You may opt-out of these mailings at any time by clicking the "unsubscribe" link contained in the e-mails we send you or by using our **[contact us](https://web.archive.org/contact-us/)** form.

As you may appreciate, the Internet is a public network of networks and we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us or others to, through or from our Website, will be free from unauthorized access or interference by third parties such as hackers. By using our Website, you are agreeing to assume this risk and any and all responsibility and liability that may arise. That said, the security of your Personal Information is important to us. We have also put in place reasonable physical, electronic and operational procedures to safeguard information and we limit access to your Personal Information to only those employees who need access in order to perform their duties.

We do not control the privacy policies of our business partners, advertisers, sponsors or other sites to which we provide hyperlinks. Networld users should also be aware that, when you voluntarily disclose personal information in chat areas or bulletin boards, that information may be collected by others and may result in unsolicited messages from others.
