> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pensketruckrental.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071222165800id_/http%3A//www.pensketruckrental.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Penske Truck Rental - Moving Truck Rentals

Penske Truck Leasing Co., L.P. ("Penske") is sensitive to privacy issues on the Internet. We believe it is important for you to know how we use and treat the information we receive and collect about you through the Penske Truck Leasing Web Site (the "Site").

In general, you can visit Penske on the World Wide Web without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Our Web server collects the domain names, IP addresses and routing information of visitors. This information is aggregated for the purposes of measuring the number of visits, average time spent on the Site, pages viewed, and other similar purposes. Penske uses this information to measure the use of our Site and to improve the content of our Site. We may share this information with other Penske businesses and with unaffiliated entities.

There are times, however, when we may need personal information from you, such as your name, address, e-mail address, and credit card information in order to respond to your inquiries, process orders or allow you to access specific information. We may share such information with other Penske businesses. We may disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate. We may also share such information with unaffiliated entities, however we will not do so unless you have indicated an interest in having such information shared with unaffiliated entities.

If you register with us online, we may use this information to provide you with custom information in support of your needs. A technology called cookies may be used on certain pages of our Site. A cookie is a tiny element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so the Site can recognize you when you return. Cookies allow us to provide you with tailored information and to provide services to you via the Internet. If your browser permits, you may set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to reject cookies.

This Site may contain links to other sites such as Penske agents, sales affiliates and other organizations, whose products or services we think may interest you. While we try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by other sites.

By using this Site, you agree to our Internet Privacy Policy and to the use of the information we receive and collect in the manner provided here and in manners that we notify you of in the future. By providing any personal information to this Site, users, including without limitation users in the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of such information in the United States. We reserve the right at our discretion to modify this Internet Privacy Policy at any time. Your continued use of this Site following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes.
