> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bedpage.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171202003524id_/http%3A//www.bedpage.com/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Alternative to bedpage | bedpage

## Privacy

**Privacy Policy  
Last Revised: _September 26, 2016_**  
bedpage.com and its affiliates (collectively, the "Site") respect your privacy. Listed here is our Privacy Policy for this Site:   
**Acceptance of Privacy Policy**  
Each time you access, use, post, submit a post or reply, or see the Site, you signify your acceptance of the then-current Privacy Policy. If you may not accept this Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to utilize the Site and must discontinue utilization of the Site immediately.   
**Collection and Use of Personal Information**   
We collect personal information regarding you when you engage in commerce transactions on the Site, utilize the Site's products or services, request information or materials, create or update account information, place orders or make purchases, communicate around, or visit the Site. The private information we collect and store about you might include without limitation your first and last name, current email address, credit or debit card number, telephone numbers, billing and shipping information, order history, and other non-public information regarding you.   
We may use the information we collect to:

  * Provide superior services;
  * Stop you apprised of information and developments that you might find of interest;
  * Alert one to new features, terms, content, products or services;
  * Contact you relating to your posts, replies, and/or account information;
  * Process and react to your inquires;
  * Improve the Site;
  * Administer, monitor and control utilization of the Site, including posts, replies, and account information; and
  * Enforce the [Terms of Use](http://www.bedpage.com/TermsOfUse) (collectively, the "Activities").

 

You authorize the Site to transmit email to you to react to your communications and administer Activities. If you select to receive mobile notifications, you authorize and agree totally that the Site may send texting to your cellular phone, and you will result in any message or data charges that'll apply..   
**Disclosure of Personal Information to Third Parties**   
We may disclose your individual information to agents and operators under confidentiality or similar agreements, including shippers, vendors, payment processors, and advertisers, who we believe reasonably need ahead into contact with this information: (i) to offer products or services to you; (ii) to administer our business or the Site, including fulfilling and shipping orders; (iii) to offer customer service; (iv) to update account information; (v) to forward updates, announcements, and newsletters; (vi) to react to your communications, and communicate with you in regards to the Site and alternative activities related to the Site; (vii) in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or disposition of or any percentage of the Site's business or operations (including without limitation in experience of bankruptcy or any similar proceedings); or (viii) as otherwise authorized by you.   
We integrate 3rd party software which collects information regarding users for security purposes. Information collected by reCAPTCHA is held in respect with the Google Privacy Policy.  
**Disclosure in Other Circumstances**   
We might also disclose your name, email address, telephone numbers, or other information regarding you, including personal information if (i) required to take action by law, court order or subpoena, or as requested by other government, police, or investigative authority, (ii) we in good faith feel that such disclosure is essential or advisable, including without limitation to guard the rights or properties of the Site, (iii) we've reason to think that disclosing your own personal information is essential to recognize, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with your rights or properties, or has breached an agreement, or if other people could be harmed by such activities or interference, (iv) when we determine an offer posted violates our Terms of Use or the rights of an alternative party, or (v) there is an emergency involving personal danger. We might provide information regarding you when we believe it is necessary to generally share information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required or permitted by law.  
Please note that should you post any of your personal information on the Site, such information may be collected and employed by others over whom the Site does not have any control. The Site is not in charge of the employment by third parties of information you post or elsewhere make public.  
**Assortment of Non-Personal Information Using Cookies**  
We and certain service providers operating on our behalf collect information regarding your activity on our Site using tracking technologies such as for instance cookies. This tracking data is employed for many purposes, including, for instance, to (i) deliver relevant content based in your preferences, usage patterns and location; (ii) monitor and evaluate the employment and operation of our Site; and (iii) analyze traffic on our Site and on the sites of third parties.  
Non-personal information collected includes, without limitation, your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, the pages you request, the kind of computer operating system you employ (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), the kind of browser you employ (e.g., Firefox, Chrome or Internet Explorer), the domain name of the Internet service provider, your activities while visiting the Site and the content you accessed. We might also collect your geolocation information once you visit our Site, including location information either provided by way of a mobile device interacting with your Site, or associated with your IP address, where we're permitted by law to process this information.  
Advertisers and third parties also may collect information regarding your activity on our Site and on third-party sites and applications using tracking technologies. Tracking data collected by these advertisers and third parties is employed to decide which ads you see on third-party sites and applications, but does not identify you personally. You might choose not for targeted advertising from many ad networks, data exchanges, marketing analytics and other service providers. You may also choose to manage targeted advertising you obtain within applications by utilizing your mobile device settings (for example, by re-setting your device's advertising identifier and/or opting out of interest based ads). We stick to the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising.  
**Communication from the Site/Opt-Out**  
From time to time, we might send you information with announcements and updates in regards to the Site and your account. You might elect to opt-out of ongoing e-mail communication from us, such as for instance newsletters, subscriptions, account information, promotional materials, contest results, survey inquiries, etc. with a simple "opt out" procedure. You'll need only answer the communication with the phrase "unsubscribe" (without the quotation marks) within the body of your e-mail response and your name will be removed from that mailing list. However, in the event that you opt-out of receiving our announcements and updates about your account, you could no longer have use of areas restricted to account members.   
**Correction/Update of Personal Information**   
If your own personal information changes, you could review/correct/update your own personal information previously provided at any time by sending us a message at [support@bedpage.com](mailto:support@bedpage.com).You may also have your own personal profile data deleted from our database by sending us a message to [support@bedpage.com](mailto:support@bedpage.com).However, when you have your own personal profile data deleted from our database, you could forfeit entrance rights to areas restricted to account members and certain benefits for account members.   
**Contact Us:**   
Email: [Contact us](https://web.archive.org/Contact)   
**Children**   
The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13 nor does the Site knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. The Site doesn't orient this Site toward children or target them as an audience, nor does it screen them from utilising the Site. Some of the material with this Site is for mature audiences, and parents and guardians should take responsibility for monitoring their children's use. The Site doesn't collect or distribute information indicating whether a consumer is really a child.   
**Links to Other sites**   
This Site provides links and pointers to The websites maintained by other organizations. The Site provides these links as a convenience to users, but it doesn't operate, control or endorse such sites. The Site also disclaims any responsibility for the info on those sites and any products or services offered there, and cannot attest to the privacy policies of such sites. The Site doesn't make any warranties or representations that any linked sites (or even this Site) will function without error or interruption, that defects is likely to be corrected, or that the sites and their servers are free of viruses and other problems that can harm your computer.   
**E-Commerce and Our Secure Server**   
We recognize that storing data in a safe manner is important. We store personal information using industry standard, reasonable and technically feasible, physical, technical and administrative safeguards against foreseeable risks, such as for example unauthorized access. All commerce transactions that take put on the Site are processed through our secure server in order to make every reasonable effort to insure that your personal information is protected.   
Please know that the Site and data storage are run using software, hardware and networks, any component of which can, from time to time, require maintenance or experience problems or breaches of security beyond the Site's control. We cannot guarantee the security of the info on and sent from the Site.   
On our Site, you could have the chance to follow along with a link to other sites that could be of interest to you. We are not in charge of the privacy practices of the sites or this content provided thereon. We disclaim any responsibility for transactions conducted on those sites and cannot attest to the security of the info submitted in those transactions.   
**Policy Changes and Acceptance**   
The Privacy Policy might be revised from time to time as we add new features and services, as laws change, and as industry privacy and security best practices evolve. We display a highly effective date on top of the left corner of the Privacy Policy so that it is likely to be easier for you really to know when there has been a change. Accordingly, you should check the Privacy Policy on a regular basis for the most current privacy practices. Each time you access, use or look at Site, you signify your acceptance of the then-current changes to the Privacy Policy signing up to your personal information collected by us on and from the effective date of such changes.   
Any changes in the Privacy Policy can take effect upon posting and apply simply to information collected from you on and after Last Revised date, unless we provide notice or have other communications with you.   
**More Questions?**   
When you yourself have any questions about this Privacy Policy, e-mail them to [abuse@bedpage.com](mailto:abuse@backpage.com), and make sure to indicate the precise site you're visiting and the type of one's question or concern. 
