> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wildfireapp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090617174059id_/http%3A//www.wildfireapp.com/buzz/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Interactive Promotions for Brand Marketing by Wildfire Promotion Builder | Wildfire Interactive, Inc.

**** Wildfire Interactive, Inc Privacy Policy (December 7, 2008) 

Wildfire Interactive, Inc ("Wildfire") is a technology company that provides businesses and other organizations ("Organizations") with a technology that enables them to create and publish interactive promotions ("Promotions") on websites and within social networks (e.g. Facebook). The kind of Promotions that Organizations may choose to publish using our technology include:sweepstakes, contests, give-aways, ecoupons and surveys. Organizations may use such Promotions to gather personally identifiable information from those individuals who choose to enter a particular Promotion. Additionally, anonymous data may be collected. 

This privacy policy outlines our treatment of personally identifiable information that our clients collect using our technology. 

**Personally identifiable information collected via our Promotions Technology:** Wildfire provides technology and hosting services that enable companies to run online promotions (including sweepstakes and contests) that may be published within social networks and/or on websites. Organizations may use these promotions to collect personally identifiable information from those people who choose to enter the promotion. Personally identifiable information will only be collected from those individuals who actively provide it by filling out an entry form or a survey associated with the promotion. The Wildfire technology collects personally identifiable information solely for the use of Wildfire clients. Personally identifiable information is stored on Wildfire servers so that clients may access it via a secure account. Wildfire does not access or use any of the personally identifiable data for its own purposes. Wildfire may, however, use anonymous, aggregated data to evaluate the performance of promotions run using its technology. Personally identifiable information that is collected by a particular promotion is only shared with the organization(s) sponsoring that promotion. Personally identifiable information collected by the Wildfire technology on behalf of a client belongs solely to that client and will be used in accordance with that client's privacy policy. Individuals who choose to interact with a promotion running via the Wildfire technology are encouraged to review the promotion sponsor's privacy policy prior to providing any personally identifiable information. Organizations that sign up to use the Wildfire technology are required to agree that they will use generally accepted privacy standards when collecting and handling personally identifiable information. Ultimately, however, Wildfire is not responsible for data collected by Organizations using the Wildfire technology. 

**Minors:** Wildfire Promotions are not available to anyone under the age of thirteen (13). All individuals wishing to participate in promotions run via the Wildfire Technology must indicate that they are 13 years or older (in the case of many of our promotions they must be 18 years or older) before they are able to enter the promotion. 

**California Privacy Rights (As provided by California Civil Code Section 1798.83):** A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes ("California customer") is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed. 

However, under the law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy) a policy of not disclosing customer's personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right. 

**Contact Wildfire:** If you wish to contact Wildfire about privacy related issues, you may do so in one of two ways: 

1\. Mail to: Wildfire Interactive, Inc. 922 Florence Lane, # 4 Menlo Park, CA 94025; or 

2\. Email to: privacy@WildfireApp.com

**Material Changes to Policy:** From time to time, Wildfire may make changes to this Privacy Policy. Therefore, you should periodically visit this page to view the current Privacy Policy. 
