> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wilsonsleather.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111124160036id_/http%3A//www.wilsonsleather.com/helpdesk/index.jsp%3Fdisplay%3Dsafety%26subdisplay%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Wilsons Leather Customer Care

  
GSI Commerce Solutions, Inc. ("GSI", "we" or "us") operates this Web site, www.wilsonsleather.com. We recognize that you care how information about you is used and shared. We have created this Privacy Policy to inform you of our information collection, use and sharing practices for this Web site.

Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy apply only to information gathered through this Web site and, where applicable, through our Customer Service Department in connection with this Web site, and do not necessarily reflect our practices with respect to information gathered through other Web sites that we operate or through other off-line means.

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact our Customer Service Department by e-mail at [customercare@wilsonsleather.com](mailto:customercare@wilsonsleather.com?%20subject=Privacy%20Policy%20Questions).

 _What Information About Me Is Collected and Stored?_  
We collect and store information that you enter into this Web site or that you provide to our Customer Service Department. For example, when you open an account or place an order, we collect and store some or all of the following information that you provide: name, billing address, shipping address, e-mail address, telephone number, credit card number and expiration date. This information is used to provide the products and services that you have ordered or requested, to process and ship orders, to send order and shipping confirmations and to provide customer service. This information also may be used to contact you about sales, special offers and new site features, unless you have _opted_ not to receive promotional communications in connection with this Web site.

We collect and store certain other information automatically whenever you interact with this Web site. For example, we collect your IP address, browser information and reference site domain name every time you visit this Web site. We also collect information regarding customer traffic patterns and site usage. This information is used to analyze and improve this Web site and to provide our customers with a fulfilling shopping experience.

Also, like many Web sites, we use "cookies", which are files stored on your computer's hard drive by your browser. Cookies help us to identify account holders and to optimize their shopping experience. Cookies also allow us to hold selections in a shopping cart when a user leaves this Web site without checking out. Most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. We recommend that you leave cookies "turned on" so that we can offer you a better shopping experience on this Web site.

We also may collect and store information about you that we receive from other sources, to enable us to update and correct the information contained in our database and to provide product recommendations and special offers that we think will interest you.

From time to time, we partner with trusted third parties to design and operate contests or promotional events for our valued customers and visitors. All Personally Identifiable Information (PII) and Public Information obtained through your participation in our promotional events will be subject to this Privacy Policy, as well as the privacy policies and practices of our promotional event partner. We will require, by contract, that our partners treat any PII and Public Information that may be obtained through a contest or promotional event in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.

 _Social Commerce and Other Third Parties_  
We partner with trusted third parties, including social network sites such as Facebook, to connect to your social networks. We provide this type of access to our site by third parties and business partners to generate interest in our products among the members of your social networks and also to enable you to share product interests with your network of friends.

The use of any features made available to you on our websites by a third party may result in information being collected or shared about you by us or by the third party. Information collected or shared through any such third party features is considered Public Information under this privacy policy because the third party sites made it publicly available. If you do not want us to be able to access information about you from third party sites you must instruct third party sites not to share the information. We cannot control how your data is collected, stored, used or shared by third-party sites or to whom it is disclosed. Please be sure to review the privacy policies and settings on your social networking sites to make sure you understand the information they are sharing. AM Retail Group, Inc. is not liable for how these third parties may use information collected from or about you. However, we do identify any areas on our websites where third parties share information about you.

For example, we have agreed to permit Facebook's "Like" feature to run alongside many images of our product offerings. This feature allows you to "like" one of our products and to see how many other Facebook users "like" each of our products. Once you "connect" with Facebook (using Facebook Connect or other connecting application) you can browse to discover which products are "liked" by your Facebook friends and by the larger Facebook community. Please see the Facebook privacy policy if you have any questions about how Facebook collects, stores, or shares your information. You should know that Facebook may collect or register the fact that you "like" a product and may post that information to your "News Feed" on Facebook and to your Facebook profile's "Wall" and "Info" pages. Therefore, the fact that you "like" one or more of our products may be made known to members of your Facebook network. Similarly, if a member in your Facebook network "likes" a product of ours, it will likewise post to his or her News Feed, Wall or Info pages. Finally, by "liking" one of our products, you consent to allow us to display that information, along with any public profile information Facebook may serve to our website. If you do not wish this to happen, do not click that you "like" a product. We are in no way obligated to display a Facebook user's name, profile photo and other "public" Facebook profile information on our website even if that Facebook user "likes" one of our products. We reserve the right to remove the information of any user, which we deem to be inconsistent with our ideals or otherwise inappropriate for public association with our brand. We may remove from our website, in our sole discretion, any product offering or any photo or product description relating thereto.

 _Is Information Collected From Children?_  
We do not sell or ship any items ordered through this Web site directly to anyone who we know to be under the age of 18, nor do we collect any personal information from anyone who we know to be under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you should use this Web site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any personal information to us. _With Whom Do You Share Information?_  
We do not share with others any personal information that you provide to us through this Web site or through our Customer Service Department, except with your consent or as described in this Privacy Policy.

We engage third parties to perform services in connection with the operation of our business. Examples of these services include payment processing and authorization, fraud protection and credit risk reduction, product customization, order fulfillment and shipping, marketing and promotional material distribution, Web site evaluation, data analysis and, where applicable, data cleansing. We provide personal information to these third parties, but we authorize them to use this information only in connection with the services they perform.

We also may offer you the opportunity to purchase products and services provided by third parties, such as magazine subscriptions and extended warranty plans. If you purchase any of these products or services, we will provide your personal information to the third parties that provide them, but we authorize these third parties to use this information only in connection with the products and services they provide.

We may release personal information if we believe in good faith that: the law or legal process requires it; we have received a valid administrative request from a law enforcement agency; or such release is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of GSI or any of our affiliates, business partners, customers or others.

We may share non-personal information with our marketing partners, advertisers and others from time to time. Examples of such non-personal information include the number of users who visited this Web site during a specific time period or purchased a specific product through this Web site. This information generally is shared in an aggregated form.

As with any business, it is possible that as our business develops, we might sell or buy online stores or other assets. In such transactions, information about customers often is among the transferred assets. Accordingly, in the unlikely event that GSI or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, such information may be one of the transferred assets (unless the information was collected under a previous Privacy Policy that did not permit such disclosure). Under such circumstances, we would to the extent possible require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

 _What Steps Are Taken To Keep Personal Information Secure?_  
We use various security measures, including Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology, to protect personal information that we collect. If you place an order through this Web site, you will be asked to set up an account and provide an e-mail address and password. You must provide an appropriate e-mail address and password in order to access account information. In order to help protect your personal information further, you should be careful about providing your password to others. If you wish to cancel a password, or if you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of a password, please contact our Customer Service Department by e-mail at [customercare@wilsonsleather.com](mailto:customercare@wilsonsleather.com?%20subject=Privacy%20Policy%20Questions) or by phone at 1-866-305-4704. _How Can I Access, Correct and Update Personal Information?_  
You can access, correct and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by clicking on "Manage Your Account" within the Help Desk area of this Web site. _Can I Indicate Whether or Not I Want To Receive Promotional Communications?_  
There are several ways in which you can tell us whether or not you want to receive promotional communications from us. When you set up an account, or click on "Manage Your Account" within the Help Desk area, or place an order, you will have an opportunity to make or change your selections in this regard. You also will have an opportunity to change these selections by clicking on an "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in promotional e-mails we send you. _What Happens When I Link To or From Another Web Site?_  
This Web site may contain links to Web sites operated by third parties. Please be advised that the practices described in this Privacy Policy do not apply to information gathered through these other Web sites. We encourage you to be aware of when you leave this Web site and to read the privacy policies of each and every Web site that you visit.

If you have accessed this Web site through a link from certain of our advertising or marketing partners, this Web site may include a frame of the applicable advertising or marketing partner. Nevertheless, the information you provide to us through these framed Web pages is collected by us, and our use of this information is governed by this Privacy Policy.

 _What About Contests and Sweepstakes?_  
When we run a contest or sweepstakes relating to this Web site, it will be accompanied by a set of rules. The rules for each contest/sweepstakes will specify how the information gathered from you for entry will be used and disclosed. _How Will I Be Informed About Changes Regarding This Privacy Policy?_  
If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post a notice on this Web site notifying users of the changes. In some cases, we also may send an e-mail notifying users of the changes. You should check this Web site periodically to see if any recent changes to this Privacy Policy have occurred. 
