> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wilton.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180325071654id_/https%3A//www.wilton.com/privacy-policies.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Wilton Privacy Policies

This privacy policy (" **Privacy Policy** ") applies when you access, visit or use any of the websites that are owned and operated by Wilton Brands LLC and its affiliates or subsidiaries (the " **Company** ," " **we** ", " **us** " or " **our** ") that link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Site") and the services and tools (including, but not limited to, mobile and other software applications) provided by the Company (collectively, the " **Service** "), By accessing, visiting, using or submitting information to the Service, you agree to the terms of and accept and consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Service.

We want to develop relationships with our customers based on respect and integrity. We are aware of the trust and confidence you demonstrate when you visit the Service and provide us with information. This Privacy Policy is posted to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy online.

**PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS PRIVACY POLICY MAY CHANGE FROM TIME TO TIME. We will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the amended terms on the Service at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes. If you have provided us with your email address we will also notify you of material changes to this Privacy Policy by sending an email in accordance with Section 8 below. It is therefore important that you keep your email address with us current. The date at the top of this page is the date when this Privacy Policy was last updated.**

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or the way we collect, use, process or share your information, please contact us at [privacy@wilton.com.](mailto:privacy@wilton.com)

**Information Collected By the Company.** The Company gathers the following types of information:

**A. Information You Directly and Voluntarily Provide to Us:** If you register to use the Service you may be asked to provide your contact information, including your name, email address, postal address, phone number and fax number and you may be required to create a user name and password. If you place an order through the Service, you may be asked to provide your billing information, including your name and a payment card number, expiration date and security code, as well as the postal address associated with that payment card. If the postal address associated with your payment card information is different than the shipping address that will be used to fulfill your order, you will also need to provide the applicable postal address for shipment. We may also occasionally ask you to provide demographic information, such as your age or gender, however, providing this information is entirely voluntary and you will not be required to provide any demographic information in order to use the Service or place an order through the Service. We may also collect information that you provide to us when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service, sales or technical services.

If you use the "email a friend" functionality on the Service to notify a friend about a product or service offered through the Service, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. If you provide your friend's name and email address we will automatically send the friend an email from you. We do not use the email you provide to send any communication other than the email you send to your friend.

If you do not provide us with the information that we request, we may not be able to provide you with the products and services offered through the Service.

**B. Information That We Automatically Collect From Your Computer:** We (or service providers on our behalf) may automatically collect information from you using "cookies" or "web beacons". Cookies are small amounts of data that are stored within your computer's Internet browser or on your mobile device and that are accessed and recorded by the websites that you visit, as well as by the companies that place advertising on websites, so that they can recognize your device and remember if you have visited a website previously. Web beacons are web page elements that can recognize certain types of information on your computer such as cookies and the time and date of a page viewed.

Information collected by cookies and web beacons may include, without limitation:

  * the pages you visit within the Service;
  * the date and time of your visit to the Service;
  * the websites you visit before or after visiting the Service;
  * the Internet Protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet;
  * your computer and connection information such as your browser type and version, operating system and platform;
  * whether you open an email and whether you click on any link contained in an email message that we send you; and/or
  * your purchase history.



We may use data we automatically collect from you (i) to help us recognize you as a previous visitor to the Service, (ii) with your prior consent, to serve relevant online advertising to you or to analyze trends and statistics, and (iii) to improve your experience of the Service.

You can set your web browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. However, your web browser may not be able to refuse or remove flash cookies. To learn more about flash cookies, you may visit <http://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html>. If you set your browser to limit or remove cookies, some features of the Service may be unavailable or unable to function properly.

We will retain the information that we automatically collect from your computer only for as long as necessary to provide you with the Service and to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes and to enforce our rights. Information collected using cookies will only be retained for a six (6)-month period.

**C. Information Received from Mobile Devices.** When you access the Service through a mobile device we, or third party service providers on our behalf, will receive and collect the device type and device i.d. We may use these identifiers and information to track your use of the Service. If you access the Service through a mobile device, we may also be able to identify the location of your mobile device. You may choose not to share your location details with us by adjusting your mobile device's location services settings. For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer.

**2\. Third Parties' Use of Web Beacons and Web Cookies.** The Service may include third-party advertising, links to other websites, and other content from third-party businesses. These third-party sites, businesses, and advertisers, or advertising companies working on their behalf, may use web beacons and cookies to measure the effectiveness of their ads, personalize or optimize advertising content and to track users who link from their respective websites to the Service.

We do not have access to or control over web beacons or cookies that these third parties may use. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these third-party websites. You are encouraged to review the privacy policies of the different websites you visit.

We will obtain your consent in connection with the use of third party cookies on the Service.

In addition, some third-party advertising companies may provide a mechanism to opt-out of their technology. For more information about the opt out process, you may visit the Network Advertising Initiative website, available at <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>.

Our third party service provider FetchBack Inc. may serve third-party advertising and collect certain information about you when you visit the Service. The information practices of FetchBack are not covered by this Privacy Policy but are instead covered by FetchBack's privacy policy located at: [http://www.FetchBack.com/privacy.html](http://www.fetchback.com/privacy.html). FetchBack provides users with a mechanism to opt-out of its technology. Please review FetchBack's privacy policy for more information about how to do so.

**3\. Product Reviews and Discussion Forums.** Any information you submit to the Service as part of a product review or a discussion forum will be publicly available and can be read, collected, or used by us and other users of the Service. You are responsible for the information you choose to submit in these instances and you should not post any information that you do not want the Company, other users, or the public generally, to know.

**4\. Use of Information Collected By Us.** We use the information described above to process and fulfill any orders you place through the Service including to send you emails to confirm your order status and shipment, to communicate with you and, with your consent to send you information by email, postal mail, telephone or text message or other means about our products, services, contests and promotions. We may also use this information to help us develop and improve the Service, and to tailor the Service to your interests. You may opt-out of receiving emails from us by contacting us in accordance with Section 9 below, or following the "unsubscribe" instructions in the applicable email.

**5\. Sharing of Information with Third Parties.** We will not rent, sell or otherwise disclose your information to unrelated or unaffiliated third parties without your consent, except as stated in this Privacy Policy.

  1. **Service Providers:** We may employ other companies or individuals (" **Service Providers** ") to provide certain services to us or on our behalf, such as operating and supporting the Service, processing payments and fulfilling orders you place through the Service, analyzing data, or performing marketing or consulting services. For example, if you sign up to receive newsletters from us we may share your email address with a third party service provider who will send the newsletters to you on our behalf. These Service Providers will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to provide your information with at least the same level of protection and security as we use on the Service. These Service Providers are prohibited from using your information for any purpose other than the purpose for which the applicable Service Provider was engaged by us and/or as stated in this Privacy Policy. Any Service Providers that use data received from us may only do so in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
  2. **Payment Card Companies:** If you place an order through the Service, the information you provide will be transmitted to your credit card company to verify and authorize your purchase.
  3. **Third Party Marketing Partners:** If you opt-in to receive marketing communications from third parties, we may, from time to time, share your name and postal mailing address with a few carefully selected third party marketing partners that we believe offer products or services that may be of interest to you. We will not share any email or credit card information which you have given us with any of these third party marketing partner(s). In addition, if you would like us to stop providing your information to our third party marketing partners, you may opt-out by emailing us at [privacy@wilton.com](mailto:privacy@wilton.com), sending a letter to Wilton Brands LLC, Attention: Chief Information Officer, 535 East Diehl Road, Naperville, IL 60563 or calling us at (630) 963-7100.
  4. **Shipping Providers:** If you make a purchase through the Service, your name, telephone number and shipping information must be provided to third party shippers such as UPS, FEDEX and the United States Postal Service to deliver your purchase.
  5. **Third Party Transaction-Level Data:** If you visit the Service from a third-party website the third-party website may be able to access select information from your individual transaction information. In order to track and credit your transaction the third-party website may give you a unique code, cookie or graphic which will uniquely identify you. This will only happen if you link directly from a third party website to the Service. Any transactions made at the Service while this type of code is active will be reported back to the third party website. We will only report information that does not identify you personally to these websites, such as the date of the transaction, the product(s) purchased and the amount spent. We will not report any information to these third party websites that will allow them to personally identify you. The presence of a third party navigation bar at the top of any page on the Service is an indication that the third party website may be able to see your activity on the Service.
  6. **Law Enforcement and Protection of Users:** To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose your information to government authorities or third parties pursuant to a legal request, subpoena or other legal process. We may also use or disclose your information as permitted by law to perform charge verifications, report or collect debts owed, fight fraud or protect our rights or property as well as those of our affiliates or customers. You should be aware that, following disclosure to any third party, your information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law.
  7. **Business Transfer.** In the event that the Company is sold, has its assets acquired or transferred, whether voluntarily or involuntarily, or merges or becomes affiliated with any other division, individual or entity, any customer information owned or under the control of the Company may be one of the transferred assets. We reserve the right, as part of this type of transaction, to transfer or assign your information and other information we have collected from users of the Service.



**6\. Additional Privacy Protections for Children Using the Internet.** The Service is intended for a general audience and is not directed to children under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please do not provide us with information of any kind whatsoever. In addition, we will never knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. If we become aware that a user is under the age of 13 and has submitted information without verifiable parental consent, we will remove his or her information from our files. We understand that children may not fully understand all of the provisions of this Privacy Policy or make informed decisions about the choices that are made available to adult users of the Service. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the websites they visit.

**7\. Security.** We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and in accordance with applicable law. We use appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access, collection, use, disclosure, copying and disposal of your information. All pages within our checkout process and areas containing information that could personally identify you are secured using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology, which encrypts data between our computer and yours. No computer system is fully secure, however, and there are inherent risks associated with Internet transactions. To make sure your Internet browser is using the latest security features, you may want to download the most recent version of it, which should have full SSL support.

**8\. Changes to the Privacy Policy.** We will notify you of changes to this Privacy Policy by posting the amended terms on the Service at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes. If you have provided us with your email address we will also notify you of material changes to this Privacy Policy by sending an email at least thirty (30) days before the effective date of the changes to the email address you most recently provided to us. We encourage you to keep the email address you provide to us current, and to promptly notify us of any changes to your email address, so that you may receive any notices we send to you regarding material changes to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the new terms, you should not use the Service. If you have an account with us, you may terminate your account within the applicable thirty (30) day period by contacting us using the information in Section 9 below, and you will not be bound by the amended terms. Otherwise, the new terms will take effect after thirty (30) days.

**9\. Corrections/Information Removal/Opt-Out.** If your name, e-mail or postal address, telephone number or other information changes, you may update, correct or delete the relevant information by contacting us at [privacy@wilton.com. ](mailto:privacy@wilton.com).

In addition, if you no longer wish to receive promotional communications from us you may opt-out by emailing us at [privacy@wilton.com](mailto:privacy@wilton.com), sending a letter to: Wilton Brands LLC, Attention: Chief Information Officer, 535 East Diehl Road, Naperville, IL 60563 or by clicking on the unsubscribe link within any marketing e-mail you receive from us.

You may also request information about how, where and why we collect and use your information, including information about how we share your information with third parties, by contacting us at [privacy@wilton.com](mailto:privacy@wilton.com).

If you wish to access the information collected or stored by us, or to instruct us to stop collecting, using or disclosing information about you, you can email us at [privacy@wilton.com](mailto:privacy@wilton.com), send us a letter at: Wilton Brands LLC, Chief Information Officer, 535 East Diehl Road, Naperville, IL 60563 or call us at (630) 963-7100. If you withdraw your consent for the use or disclosure of your information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy (other than with regard to use or disclosure in connection with promotional activities), you may not be able to access the Service and we may not be able to provide you with some or all of our products, services and customer support.

You may file a complaint with us in connection with the collection, use or processing of your information under this Privacy Policy by contacting us at [privacy@wilton.com](mailto:privacy@wilton.com). We will take reasonable steps to remedy any issues resulting from our failure to comply with our obligations relating to your information.

**10\. Closing Your Account; Retention of Information.** If you have created a user account through the Service, we will close your account upon your request. We may also close or deactivate accounts that are inactive for more than 2 years or accounts that are used in violation of our Terms of Use or any applicable law. We will retain information from closed or inactive accounts to the extent and as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations and to comply with law, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our Terms of Use, and take other actions otherwise permitted by law. In general, information from closed or inactive accounts will be deleted or anonymized within two (2) years after the account is closed or deactivated unless we have reasonable grounds to believe that the information should be retained for one of the purposes identified above.

**11\. Contact Information.** If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at [privacy@wilton.com](mailto:privacy@wilton.com) or send a letter to: Wilton Brands LLC, Attention: Chief Information Officer, 535 East Diehl Road, Naperville, IL 60563.

**12\. Use of Information Outside of Your Country of Residence.** By using the Service, you hereby consent to the collection, transfer, storage, processing, and other use of your information in the United States. You acknowledge that your information and other information may be subject to the privacy and data protection laws that may not be the same as applicable laws and regulations in your country of residence.

The Company complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. The Company has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view the Company's certification, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>.

**13\. Governing Law.** This Privacy Policy and any disputes relating hereto are governed by the laws of the State of New York without regard to principles of conflicts of laws, and by using the Service, you consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in New York for resolution of any disputes relating to this Privacy Policy and/or the Service and waive any objection thereto.

**14\. Special Notice for Users Located in Countries that are Part of the European Economic Area.** The information that we collect from you may be transferred to and stored at a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"), and principally the United States. It may be processed by staff operating outside of the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. These staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By using the Service, you hereby consent to the collection, transfer, storage, processing, and other use of your information in the United States or other applicable destination. You acknowledge that your information and other information may be subject to the privacy and data protection laws and regulations of the United States or other applicable destination, which may not be the same as applicable laws and regulations in your country of residence.

**15\. Special Notice for Users Located in Mexico.** At any time you can limit or revoke your consent for us to use, transfer, store or process your information. Also, you can request at any time that we delete your information, unless otherwise provided under the Ley Federal de Protección de Datos Personales en Posesión de los Particulares. In either case, please email us at [privacy@wilton.com](mailto:privacy@wilton.com), call us at 1(630)963-7100 or send a letter to: Wilton Brands LLC, Attention: Chief Information Officer, 535 East Diehl Road, Naperville, IL 60563 USA, indicating how you would like us to handle your information in the future and provide us an email or mailing address to send you a written response to your request. Please note that your request shall meet specific requirements provided under the Ley Federal de Protección de Datos Personales en Posesión de los Particulares. We will process your request diligently under the terms provided under the Ley Federal de Protección de Datos Personales en Posesión de los Particulares. If you request access to your information we send you electronic copies to the email address you provide us. We have designated a specific unit within our organization in charge of processing your requests, which you can contact by email at [privacy@wilton.com](mailto:privacy@wilton.com). Please note that for purposes of this Privacy Policy our address is Wilton Brands LLC, Attention: Chief Information Officer, 535 East Diehl Road, Naperville, IL 60563 USA.

**16\. Special Notice for Users Located in Australia.** Subject to Sections 1(A) and 9 of this Privacy Policy, you may access the Service or enter into transactions with us on an anonymous basis, or using a pseudonym. Our goal is to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete and up-to-date. To assist us with this, if you believe that any of the information we have about you is incorrect, inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant or misleading, please contact us at [privacy@wilton.com](mailto:privacy@wilton.com) and we will use all reasonable efforts to correct the information. No fee applies to the correction of your information. We will likely require the collection, transfer, storage, processing or other use of your information outside of Australia in the United States and the United Kingdom. If we require the collection, transfer, storage, processing, and other use of your information outside of Australia, we will only do so with your consent. If you consent to the collection, transfer, storage, processing or other use of your information outside of Australia, you acknowledge that your information may be subject to laws that are not the same as the Australian Privacy Principles, and accordingly APP 8.1 does not apply to any disclosure of your information.

Last modified on September 20, 2013
