> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the balkaninsight.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180120034637id_/http%3A//www.balkaninsight.com/en/static-page/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy :: Balkan Insight

BIRN is committed to safeguarding the privacy of the users of www.BalkanInsight.com. This Privacy Policy statement explains the data processing practices of BIRN.

 ****If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please email us at:[ [email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#caa5acaca3a9af8aa8a3b8a4e4afbfe4a9a5a7 "Contact BIRN"). Our site contains links to third party sites which are not subject to this privacy policy.

We publish the links in good faith but we cannot be held responsible for content outside www.BalkanInsight.com. We recommend that you read the privacy policy of any sites that you visit.

**Information Collected**

We use cookies to help personalise your use of our sites. A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to your computer's hard drive by the web server so that the website can remember who you are. This information may include information relating to your use of our sites, information about your computer such as the computer's IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at our site via a link from third party site, the URL of the linking page.

If you are a registered user or subscriber this may include your name and e-mail address for verification purposes. We use information from cookies for purposes which may include: identifying returning users, registrants and subscribers and to allow subscribers to be presented with a personalised version of the site, enabling you to move more easily around our site tracking your use of our site to better develop our sites in accordance with your requirements, and building up a demographic profile.

You can delete cookies from your hard drive at any time. However this will mean that any settings such as your stored username and password will have to be reset. You can set your internet browser so that it will not allow cookies to be stored on your computer.

This may reduce functionality of the site, prevent access to subscriber-only areas of the site and mean that certain features or content will not be available to you. www.BalkanInsight.com uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies to help us to analyse how users use our sites.

The information generated by the cookie about your use of our sites (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our sites, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.

Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the sites. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

**Children Under 14**

We do not intentionally collect any information on children under 14 years of age. We will undertake to delete any details of such users where a parent or guardian has notified us that any such details have been obtained.

**Changes to this Policy**

This policy is effective March 1st 2011. From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy statement to reflect any changes to our privacy practices in accordance with changes to legislation, best practice or website enhancements.
