> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the simplemind.eu privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190622051702id_/https%3A//simplemind.eu/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - SimpleMind

## SimpleMind Privacy Policy

This privacy policy explains what information we collect, how and why we collect it, how long we store your information and who has access to it. We may change this policy from time to time so please check this page occasionally. By using our website and apps, you’re agreeing to be bound by this policy.  
Any questions regarding this policy and our privacy practices should be sent to support@simpleapps.eu

### Who are we?

SimpleMind is a trademark of ModelMaker Tools – SimpleApps and xpt Software & Consulting B.V.

ModelMaker Tools B.V. – SimpleApps  
Graafseweg 274  
6532ZV Nijmegen  
The Netherlands  
KvK 09128625

xpt Software & Consulting B.V.  
Drie Akersstraat 1  
2611JR Delft  
The Netherlands  
KvK 27171323

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “SimpleMind” or “we” means ModelMaker Tools-SimpleApps and xtp Software & Consulting B.V.  
 

### What information is collected, how and why?

We do not collect, store or have access to your personal data, your mind maps or any related data (voice memos, images etc.).

When you contact us via e-mail and/or the feedback button in the SimpleMind application:

  * We store your e-mail address, the e-mail and any additional information you provided.
  * We use this information to answer your e-mail and/or to improve our website and apps.



Licenses for the SimpleMind application are sold via third party stores. The store takes care of order processing and delivery. Similar to how you purchase a book from a bookshop, not from the author (us). Therefore we advise you to read the store’s Privacy Policy.  
**Apple’s App Store** (SimpleMind for iPhone/iPad and SimpleMind for Mac)  
Apple does not share your customer records or order details with us.  
**Google’s Play Store** (SimpleMind for Android) **  
** Google’s Play Store grants us read-only access to your customer records. Your records are not stored by us. We do not have access to your payment details.  
**MyCommerce**  (SimpleMind for Windows and SimpleMind for Mac)  
MyCommerce grants us access to your customer records. We do not have access to your payment details.  
MyCommerce, upon order completion, forwards us your customer records. We store this information in our customer database.  
We use this information to send you a copy of your delivery e-mail, should you ever loose the original.  
 

### How long is your information stored?

We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as is necessary for the relevant activity.  
 

### Who has access to your information?

We do not sell or rent your information to third parties.  
We do not share your information with third parties for marketing purposes.  
 

### Your choices

We will not contact you for marketing purposes.  
 

### Use of cookies

We use Google Analytics, a third-party web analysis service provided by Google Inc., which uses “performance cookies” and “targeting cookies” to analyse how you use the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. However, this website uses Google Analytics with the expansion ‘_anonymizeIp()’ which means that Google will truncate/anonymise the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union.  
On behalf of us, Google will use the information collected for the purpose of evaluating your use of our Website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to us. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptou/t).For more information about Google Analytics cookies, please see Google’s help pages and privacy policy.  
 

### Complete list of Cookies

_ga | 2 years | Used to distinguish users.  
---|---|---  
_gid | 24 hours | Used to distinguish users.  
_gat | 1 minute | Used to throttle request rate.  
  
### How you can access and update your information

You can review and correct the information that we hold about you. Please email us at support@simplemind.eu  
 

### Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information

When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely. Non-sensitive details (your email address etc.) are transmitted normally over the internet, and this can never be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your information, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems.  
 

### Links to other websites

Our website may contain links to other websites run by other organisations. This privacy policy applies only to our website‚ so we encourage you to read the privacy statements on the other websites you visit. We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other sites even if you access them using links from our website.  
In addition, if you linked to our website from a third party site, we cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of the owners and operators of that third party site and recommend that you check the policy of that third party site.  
 

### Complaints

Please direct any inquiries or complaints regarding our compliance with the principles to support@simplemind.eu. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit the website of the [European Commission](https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/reform/rights-citizens/redress/what-should-i-do-if-i-think-my-personal-data-protection-rights-havent-been-respected) for more information or to file a complaint.  
 

We keep this Policy under regular review. This Policy was last updated May 25th 2018.
