> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the simplysoldshop.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161104205441id_/http%3A//simplysoldshop.com/policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Simplysoldshop.com

Privacy Statement  
Simplysoldshop.com site visit its website every respect the privacy of individuals. We collect any of your information will be used to meet the requirements of any service you may provide you with information on new products and new services, and to improve the level of service we have for you. Your data will be handled in accordance with the provisions of EU and national laws and regulations. Your information will not be disclosed to any person other than Simplysoldshop.com website, its subsidiaries and distributors.

Cookie Usage  
cookies are small amounts of data, in case you did not refuse to accept cookies in, cookies will be sent to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to store your data access our site, when you access or visit our website again, we can identify you, and by analyzing more data to provide better service for you. You have the option to accept or reject cookies. You can modify your browser settings to refuse to accept cookies, but we need to remind you, because you refuse to accept cookies, you may not rely on cookies to use some features of our site.

Data Security and   
Simplysoldshop.com site promises: We will protect the data you provide us secure and to take reasonable precautions to protect your personal information from loss, misuse or alteration. Given the agent Simplysoldshop.com site, contractors or partners, in providing services to Simplysoldshop.com, be able to see your personal information, we require them to maintain the confidentiality of this information, in addition to providing Simplysoldshop.com website services, not in any other way use the information.

The way we share information  
Without your consent, we will not be visiting the personal information of persons, share, or sell to any business use, this information can only be used to provide Simplysoldshop.com website and your brand message. However, integration and statistical data of persons who visit our site can be shared with our partners and sometimes, we will keep your personal information (such as: name, mailing address, e-mail address) with Simplysoldshop.com agent website , contractor or partner share, its scope is limited to services such individuals or entities Simplysoldshop.com site offers together with the provision of services or Simplysoldshop.com website. In addition to providing services to Simplysoldshop.com sites, such persons can not be other ways to share this information can not be used or re-sell this data. For example: We can provide the agent, contractor or partner of your personal information, for data processing services, used to notify contest winners, so they can send you to request product samples or provide your information.

Information collected  
This website collects personal information in other circumstances you voluntarily provide information. We may here will collect your personal information or information obtained from third parties to integrate, to provide you with better customer service. This website uses cookies and other technologies to enhance your online experience to understand your use of the Site Services habits, to improve our quality of service. When you visit our website or use some of our products, the site's servers automatically record information, including the URL, IP address, browser type and language, and the date and time of use. When you visit our site, we will be advertising through third-party advertising companies. These companies may use information about your visit to this site and other sites situation (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) in order to show you that you may be interested in advertising products and services.

Security  
Please note that no Internet transmission is ever 100% secure or error-free. To prevent the loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction, we will take reasonable steps to protect your personally identifiable information through a computer to transfer the site. In particular, the transmission to the Site or the Site's e-mail sent from the possible unsafe, so pay special attention to determine what information you send via e-mail. In addition, when you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special login feature on this site, please ensure the security of such information.
