> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lidl.ie privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606154618id_/http%3A//www.lidl.ie/en/data-protection.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Data Protection - Lidl Ireland

Thank you for visiting our website. Lidl is not only committed to providing you with a comprehensive online service but also to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement explains what information we obtain and process and your options regarding the ways in which your personal data is used.

## Information collected

Lidl collects information we learn about you from visiting our website and using the provided services. Our website gathers statistical and other analytical information of all visitors to our website. Every data file contains the following information:

The website from which you came when visiting us  
The IP address  
Time and date of website access  
User agent  
HTTP code  
Bytes served  
Information on which browser and operating system you are using

Any personal or business information (e.g. email address or name), which you voluntarily provide in the context of our online services (newsletter, property offer, etc.) will only be processed for the purpose or purposes they were collected for. Some of the processing can be done by service providers who only receive the information necessary to carry out an assigned contract. Furthermore, all external service providers are bound to Data Protection legislation by contract.

We also collect information from job applicants who apply via our online application form. This information is uploaded onto our applicant database, which is maintained by an external provider. The provider is liable to the Data Protection legislation and is bound to it via contract by Lidl Ireland.

Adequate technical security measures, which are reviewed on a regular basis, are taken to ensure the security of your personal information.

## Access rights

Under Data Protection legislation you have the right to find out what information is held about you. To obtain a copy of your personal information, please write to us at the following address:

Data Controller  
Lidl Ireland GmbH,  
Main Road,  
Tallaght,  
Dublin 24  
Republic of Ireland.

A cheque for €6.35 payable to Lidl Ireland GmbH must be enclosed with your letter. Furthermore, you can have your personal data rectified or erased. All of the above applies if Lidl Ireland is not obliged to maintain your information to comply with any other legal requirements.

## Links to other websites

Our website contains links to other websites. This privacy statement only applies to Lidl Ireland's website, the Lidl Degree website Lidldegree.ie. If you access other websites using the provided links, the operators of these sites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their own privacy policy. Lidl is not liable for the collection and processing of information on these websites.

## Google Analytics

Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (Google). Google analytics uses text files which are stored on your computer (“cookies”) to enable the analysis of a user’s website use. Information created and collected by cookies regarding users’ use of this website will generally be transmitted to and stored on servers in the USA. Please note that IP anonymisation is activated on this website resulting in the deletion of the last characters of users’ IP addresses. This shortening of users’ IP addresses is carried out within the European Union or in a contracting member state of the Treaty of the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional circumstances may the full IP address be transferred to and anonymised in the US.  Google uses the information gathered on this website on behalf of the website’s operator to analyse users’ usage of the website, to generate reports regarding users’ website activity, to create anonymous user profiles and web statistics and to provide further services on behalf of the websites operator associated with the website and internet usage. The IP address transmitted by a user’s browser will not be combined with any other data held by Google.

Users can prevent the use of cookies by adjusting their browser settings accordingly. However, please note that some functions of this website may not be available to their full extent in this case. Users can also prevent gathering of data (including their IP address) generated by the cookie and relateing to the use of this website being sent to and processed by Google by downloading and installing the Browser-Plugin available via the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en

Please note, that the use of the browser plugin is limited to each browser and to each computer. If you deactivate or delete the plugin after installation, it will disable the deactivation of Google Analytics.

Google’s data protection policy is available at: http://www.google.com/intl/ie/policies/privacy/

You can also prevent the collection of information by Google Analytics by clicking on the following Link. In this case an opt-out cookie is placed on your computer which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website.

By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

## What are cookies and how are they used?

To make your visit on our website as comfortable and enjoyable as possible, Lidl Ireland / Northern Ireland uses cookies. Cookies are small pieces of information sent by a particular web server to a web browser, which enables the server to collect information from the browser. It enables your computer’s server to access information on our website faster and more efficient.

The image below provides an overview of all cookies we use and the purpose for which we use them. Some of these cookies are strictly designed to make this website available to you and are installed directly on your PC without the need for your consent. Other cookies will only be stored once you have given your consent.

You can of course set your browser not to store any cookies and to delete all existing cookies. If you are using Internet Explorer or Firefox please follow the instructions below:

IE:

1\. Click the Tools button, and then click Internet options.  
2\. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the top to block all cookies, then click OK.

Firefox:

1\. At the top of the Firefox window, click on the Tools menu and then select Options .  
2\. Select the Privacy panel.  
3\. Set "Firefox will:" to "Use custom settings for history".  
4\. Uncheck mark Accept cookies from sites to disable Cookies.  
5\. Click OK to close the Options window.

Should you be using another internet browser, please check the instruction on your help function on how to disable and delete cookies.

Hint: Blocking cookies might prevent some pages from displaying correctly.

Type | Name | Description | Validity  
---|---|---|---  
system cookies | TS<ID> | session cookie of the web application firewall, used for protection against cross site request forgery | end of the browser session  
system cookies | ASPSESSIONID<ID> | saves necessary ASP session data for the functioning and performance of the website | end of the browser session  
system cookies | JSESSIONID | saves necessary Java session data for the functioning and performance of the website | end of the browser session  
system cookies | ist | checks if cookies can be saved | end of the browser session  
system cookies | dsSession | saves necessary CMS session data for the functioning and performance of the website | end of the browser session  
web tracking | etcnt_<ID> | used by the web tracking service etracker to recognize returning visitors (3rd party) | 28 days  
web tracking | etrp_<ID> | flagging of redirects by the web tracking service etracker (3rd party) | end of the browser session  
web tracking | etcamp  
etcampi | campaign matching (external or internal), saved after contact with the campaign by the web tracking service etracker (3rd party) | 30-180 days  
web tracking | _ga | used to distinguish visitors, saved by the web tracking service Google Analytics (3rd party) | 2 years  
web tracking | _gat | used to throttle request rate, saved by the web tracking service Google Analytics (3rd party) | 10 minutes  
web tracking | test_cookie | checks if cookies can be saved, saved by the web tracking service Google Analytics (3rd party) | 15 minutes  
web tracking | id | used to distinguish visitors, saved by the web tracking service Google Analytics (3rd party) | 2 years  
cookie banner | cookieNotificationAccepted | saved when the cookie banner has been displayed | 1 month  
store selector | ar | used to save the selected store | 1 year  
store selector | regionalizationBarCookie | saved when the regionalisation notification has been closed by the user | end of the browser session  
videos | PHPSESSID  
lang | saves necessary PHP session data and language settings for the functioning of the video gallery and videos (3rd party) | end of the browser session  
Android smart app banner | sb-installed  
sb-closed | sb-installed is saved when the open button of the banner is clicked, sb-closed is saved when the close button is clicked | 90 days  
30 days
