> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lids.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190530221010id_/https%3A//www.lids.ca/pages/lids_canada_privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MLB Apparel, Gear, MLB Store - MLB Clothing, Gifts, Fan Shop, Deals, Merchandise | Lids.ca

ACCESSIBILITY -- IF YOU ARE HAVING ANY TROUBLE ACCESSING THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR THE WEBSITE, PLEASE CONTACT FAN SERVICES TOLL FREE AT 1-855-210-8831, 24 HOURS A DAY, 7 DAYS A WEEK (OR 1-855-874-4727) OR VIA OUR [CONTACT US PAGE](https://help-lids.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/2002).

This website LIDS Inc. including, if applicable, the mobile version (collectively, the "Website") is operated by Fanatics Retail Group Canada, Limited, a British Columbia Canada corporation ("Fanatics" or "us" or "our" or "we") on behalf of LIDS Inc. and/or its affiliated entities ("Partner Entities") whose brands Fanatics or one of more of Fanatics' affiliates are licensed to use in the provision of this Website and the products sold on it. Our contact information is at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.

We take very seriously the protection and proper use of your personal information. We want you to understand what information may be collected from you, how such information is used, and the choices you have regarding the use of this information. Accordingly, this policy ("Privacy Policy") explains how we collect, use and disclose your personal and other information through our Website, regardless of how accessed. We will treat your information consistent with this Privacy Policy unless you have consented otherwise. Also, you may opt-out of certain uses and disclosures of your personal information, as further explained in this Privacy Policy.

Your Consent

By accessing and using the Website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy and you agree to be legally bound by its terms. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE WEBSITE.

What personal information do we collect and why?

Personal Information Collected.

During your access or use of the Website, you may be asked to voluntarily provide certain personal information, such as your name, email address, postal address, credit card number, telephone number, gender, purchase and payment details, etc. You also may be asked to provide certain personal information about your friend(s) (only with the friend's consent) in connection with a "friend" referral program that we may run from time to time (see below). It is always your choice whether to provide this personal information; however, without providing some of the requested information, certain features will not be accessible, and you will not be able to conduct transactions through the Website. For example, creating an account may be required to join our customer rewards program.

We may also obtain information about you from other sources, including third-party sources or your emails, chats or phone calls with us, and combine that information with data collected through the Website, including personal information. This combined information may result in, among other things, a profile about you, which we may use in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Additionally, we may ask you to indicate favorite teams and players, and to provide information about your friends and family members who are sports fans, including their favorite teams and players, their birthdays and other similar information or we may observe certain information about the pages, products or areas of our Website that your visit, which link has brought you to our website from our email communication or other websites. We may also receive information about you when you choose to connect with social networking services.

How We Use Personal Information. We may use your personal information for the following purposes:

  * To fulfill your order, take payment and deliver your goods to you or the recipient you indicate, to contact and correspond with you about our products, services or Website and other communications relevant to your use of our products, services or Website, to respond to your after sale service inquires including refunds and exchanges
  * To confirm your identity, to keep records required by law or to evidence our compliance with laws, including tax laws, consumer protection laws and data protection laws.
  * To provide information to law enforcement agencies or other authorities where we are required to do so or when we feel it is appropriate to protect our rights or rights of others or we reasonably conclude that it is necessary for defending, exercising or establishing our legal rights.
  * To manage our legitimate interests: For our internal business administration, to manage customer accounts, including keeping general records of customers, sales, customer care and other interactions, and to protect genuine customers and our business from fraud to minimize the risk of false details being used, and abuse of card details by fraudsters, and other legitimate business interests from time to time.
  * To manage/administer any competitions, Offers or other promotions that you have chosen to participate in.
  * To manage user generated content.
  * If you have an account with us, you will automatically participate in and receive emails about our customer loyalty program (currently called “Fan Cash”), and we may use your information to support and manage that program.
  * To target our direct marketing to you (where you have consented to receive it) and to build a better picture of the type of offers and products we can provide which you might be interested in, so that the communications you receive are more relevant to you.
  * To facilitate and enhance the use of the Website, including customizing your experiences and the content you view or receive, and to improve your online experience and the products we offer.
  * To alert you to our services, to provide you with information about our products and services and those of our affiliates and partners.
  * For other uses not prohibited by this Privacy Policy for which we have a lawful purpose.
  * To create non-personal information (as defined below), which we may then use, disclose, share, transfer, share and retain in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
  * If you have consented, to share your information with the Fanatics Entities and the Partner Entities. This means that although we control this Website and sell the products you purchase directly to you (including managing all aspects of fulfillment), we have been asked to do so by the Fanatics Entities and/or LIDS Entities. As a part of that relationship, we share details of customers. The Fanatics Entities privacy policy can be found at www.fanatics.com.



Refer a Friend. If you participate in our referral program, we may email the friend you referred inviting him or her to visit our Website, and may store the email address for the purpose of sending such email(s) and to track the success of that program. Your friend may contact us at [privacy@fanatics.com](mailto:%20privacy@fanatics.com) to request that we remove this information from our database. You might also provide us with the personal information (e.g. name, email, mailing and shipping address) of other persons, such as family or friends for whom you purchase products or services (including gift cards) or to whom you ship purchases, or friends that you share a product or article with from our Website. We may identify you as the source of referral when we email them. **Please ensure that you have the consent of other persons before you provide their personal information to us.**

Who do we share personal information with?

As explained above, if you have consented, Fanatics, the Fanatics Entities and LIDS share your information with each other. We may also share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy.

  * We may permit our vendors and subcontractors to access your personal information, but only in connection with performing services for us. For example, in order to facilitate the operation of the Website or to process your transactions, we may share your personal information with certain third parties, such as hosting providers, your credit card issuer, a third-party credit verification company, the fulfillment center, product handler and the delivery service. We may share information with service providers who provide us with user review services or other user-generated content. We will require the party to agree to use industry standard or other commercially reasonable steps to protect the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information.
  * We also may disclose your personal information to third parties to provide services and/or to provide you with information about products and services.
  * Further, we may disclose your personal information: (a) as required by law or legal process; (b) to investigate suspected fraud, harassment or other violations of any law, rule, or regulation; (c) to investigate suspected violations of any terms or policies applicable to the Website or the services provided by us or our third party providers or affiliates, (d) to protect our rights or rights of others or we reasonably conclude that it is necessary for defending, exercising or establishing our legal rights and (e) if we separately obtained your consent, in other ways that are consistent with that consent.
  * We may disclose your personal information in connection with a proposed or actual business transaction, such as a corporate reorganization, merger or acquisition or the sale of some or all of the business or assets (including in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding) of Fanatics and/or its affiliates or subsidiaries (collectively, the "Fanatics Entities"), but will require that the information recipient agree to protect the privacy of your personal information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.
  * Subject to your consent, we may share your personal information with a third party with whom we have a business relationship in connection with our operation of the Website (which includes the Partner Entities and the Fanatics Entities) (a "Business Partner"). Business Partners may use your personal information for their own business purposes in any manner set forth in their privacy policy, including to send you information about their products or services. How long do we keep your personal information?



We will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active (as determined by us) and for a reasonable time thereafter. We also may retain your personal information for a longer period of time as needed to provide you services or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. You may request that we deactivate your account at any time by contacting us at privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com. Even if we delete some or all of your personal information, we may continue to retain and use aggregate, anonymous data previously collected and/or anonymize and aggregate your personal information.

What additional personal information might be collected through a contest or promotion?

If contests or promotions are made available through the Website, the applicable contest or promotion rules may include rules regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. To the extent that those specific rules conflict with this Privacy Policy, the contest or promotion rules will supersede this Privacy Policy with respect to the conflicting terms and the non-conflicting terms of this Privacy Policy will continue to apply.

How Do We Collect and Use Non-Personal Information?

We create and collect non-personal information – information that is not associated with or linked to an identifiable individual, including personal information that has been aggregated or otherwise anonymized so that it no longer relates to an identifiable individual.

We may collect, use, disclose, transfer and share non-personal information with any number of third parties for any lawful purpose and in any manner whatsoever. Non-personal information may be permanently retained for future use.

If non-personally identifiable information is combined with personal information, then the non-personally identifiable information will be treated as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.

Information that is Automatically Collected

Like many other websites and applications, we may automatically collect certain information regarding our Website' users. Such information may include, without limitation, the Internet Protocol ("IP") address of your computer, your device ID, the IP address of your Internet service provider, your zip code, the date and time you access the Website, the Internet address of a referring website, the operating system you are using, the sections or pages of the Website that you visit, and the images and content viewed. Some of the ways in which we or the Website may collect and use that information are further described below.

  * **Clickstream Data**. As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each website you visit. This information, sometimes referred to as "clickstream data," can be collected and stored by a website's server. For example, clickstream data can tell the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the website from which you linked to the Website. The Website may collect and use clickstream data to determine how much time visitors spend on each page of our Website, how visitors navigate throughout the Website and how we may tailor our Website to better meet the needs of visitors. This information often will be used to improve our Website and our services. Any collection or use of clickstream data will be anonymous and aggregated, and will not intentionally contain any personal information.
  * **Cookies, Tracking Pixels, Web Beacons and Similar Technologies.** The Website may use cookies, a type of technology that installs a small amount of information on a website user's computer or other device to permit a website to, for example, recognize future visits using that computer or device. The Website may use other similar technologies (including, without limitation, tracking pixels, as described further below, and other anonymous identifiers) to gather information. The Website also may use cookies and similar technologies on the Website to customize your visit, to enable us to enhance our service, or for other purposes. For example, information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user of the Website so you do not have to enter your information every time and to offer personalized content. You may choose to decline cookies by adjusting your browser preferences, but doing so may affect your use of the Website and your ability to access certain features of the Website or engage in transactions through the Website. If you delete your cookies, change browsers or change devices, cookies that the Website may use (or an opt-out cookie) may no longer work. Cookies and similar technologies also may be used by our affiliates, a tracking utility company, and other parties to, for example, make it easier for you to navigate our Website. Additionally, the Website may employ, either directly or through trusted third parties, tracking pixels. Tracking pixels are tiny, transparent graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to provide analytical information concerning the user experience as well as to support custom marketing activities for users of the Website. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, tracking pixels are embedded invisibly on web pages. The Website may use tracking pixels to help us better manage content, such as by improving the user interface or improving our marketing programs. The Website also may use automatically collected information to create aggregate tracking information reports regarding user demographics, traffic patterns and purchases and may link tracking information with personal information provided by users.
  * **Interest-Based Advertising.** We may engage third-party vendors to use information we provide together with information they have collected to deliver targeted advertising to you when you visit our Website or other websites. Cookies, described above, may be used in this process. For example, if you are searching for information on a particular product, our vendor may cause an advertisement to appear on other websites you view with information on that product. This form of advertising, sometimes called "behavioral advertising," is based on anonymous information and not on any personal information. As a result, we and our vendor know your interests, but do not know who you are in connection with the delivery of that specific ad. We believe that such advertising is helpful because you will see advertisements that are relevant to your interests. However, if you would like to opt-out of these interest-based advertisements, please see the Opt-Out Process/Options and Additional Terms section below.
  * **Location Information.** We may use the IP address, beacons or other tracking mechanisms to geo-locate you and provide you with more products, services or more personalized recommendations. We will also use information provided by your device to recommend the intended geographic website for the location it reports you as being in.



How Can You Opt Out of Emails, Marketing and Interest-Based Ads?

There are several ways in which you may opt out of the various programs and services we provide. Some of the ways in which you may opt out are described below.

  * **Opting Out of Our Services.** If you receive an email from us, you may (i) unsubscribe from all future unsolicited emails from us through a link, typically at the bottom of the e-mail, or (ii) use our email preference center, also typically available through a link at the bottom of the e-mail, to opt out of receiving certain types of emails from us while continuing to receive other types of emails. If you have an account with us, you may opt-out of some or all future unsolicited communications by updating your account's personal information settings. If you participate in our referral program, the friend you referred may contact us at privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com to opt out of future communications from us. Mobile browser cookies require a separate opt-out, as explained below. In addition, you may request that we delete your personal information by emailing your request to privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com and we will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt, subject to our rights under the Data Retention section above.
  * **Direct Marketing Opt-Out.** If you do not want your personal information shared with any third party who may use such information for direct marketing purposes, then you may opt-out of such disclosures by sending an email to privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com. However, we are not responsible for removing your personal information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided with your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy, and any elections or privacy choices you may make with respect to receipt of certain types of e-mails or marketing communications from us will not apply to any such third parties. You should contact any third parties that send you communications directly with respect to choices that they may make available to you with respect to such communications.
  * **Interest-Based Advertising Opt-Out.** This means that third parties, such as ad networks, web analytics companies, and social networking platforms (some of whom are discussed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy), may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across our Website and other third-party online Website or services. These companies may use information about your visits to our Website and other sites, and general geographic information derived from your IP address, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. For more information about third-party advertisers and how to prevent them from using your information, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. This is a site offered by the Network Advertising Initiative (" **NAI** ") that includes information on how consumers can opt-out from receiving interest-based advertising from some or all of NAI's members. You can also visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices, which is a site offered by the Digital Advertising Alliance (" **DAA** ") that includes information on how consumers can opt-out from receiving interest-based advertising from some or all of DAA's participating companies. Opting out of interest-based advertising does not mean that you will no longer see any advertisements; rather, you will still see advertisements that are general and not tailored to your specific interests and activities. **Further, cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out.** For example, if you have opted out on your computer browser, that opt-out will not necessarily be effective on your mobile device.



How Can You Access Your Personal Information?

You may request access to your personal information by contacting privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com. Subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information, entitlement to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and the ability to have it amended as is appropriate. You can help us maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any changes to your personal information.

Is Your Personal Information Secure?

When you enter sensitive information, such as a credit card number on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology. We use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of the personal information submitted to us both during transmission and after we receive it. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.

Can Children Use Our Website?

We are committed to the preservation of online privacy for all of our visitors, including children. We sell products intended for purchase by adults (i.e., those age 18 or older). If you make a purchase on our Website, you are representing that you are an adult. We will not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of that child's parent or guardian. If you are a child under the age of 13, you are not authorized to use the Website without consent from your parent or legal guardian. If we become aware that personal information from a child under 13 has been collected without such child's parent or guardian's consent, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database. If any parent, guardian or other responsible adult becomes aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, please contact us at privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com.

What about Third-Party Websites and Social Media Services?

Third-Party Websites.The Website may contain links to other websites or Internet resources. When you click on one of those links, you are contacting another website or Internet resource. We have no responsibility or liability for, or control over, those other websites or resources or their collection, use and disclosure of your information. We suggest that you read the privacy policy and terms of use of each such website.

Social Media, Widgets and Open Forums.Our Website may allow you to engage with social media services, such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Instagram (" **Social Networks** "), and widgets such as the "Share this" button, or interactive mini-programs that run on our Website or which link from Social Networks to our Website (" **Social Functions** "). These Social Functions may access, collect and integrate with your Social Network accounts and information. For example, these Social Functions may collect your IP address, identify which page you are visiting on our Website, or set a cookie. Social Functions may also be used to register you as a Website or App user. For example, if you are not currently registered as a Website user and you use certain Social Functions, you will be asked to enter your Social Network credentials and then be given the option to register and join the Website. If you choose to use these Social Functions, you may be sharing certain Social Network profile elements with us, including your name, birthday (month/day), comments, contacts, email address, photos or favorite teams. This sharing is subject to each Social Network's own privacy policy and terms of use. We do not control those Social Networks or your profiles on those services. Nor do we modify your privacy settings on those services or establish rules about how your personal information on those services will be used. Social Functions are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Website. Your interactions with them are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them. Please refer to the privacy settings in your Social Network account to manage the data that is shared with us through your account. Information you include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, chat room or Social Network, or that you share in an open forum such as an in-person panel or survey, may be viewed and used by others without any restrictions. We do not control such uses of your personal information, and by using such services you assume the risk and acknowledge that the personal information provided by you may be viewed and used by us and/or third parties for any number of purposes and that the usage restrictions set forth in this Privacy Policy do not apply to such services. To request removal of your personal information from a blog, community forum or other publicly-accessible part of the Website, contact us at privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so.

Other Notices and Important Information

Notice to You. You consent to Fanatics sending you emails (to the email addresses you provide to Fanatics) regarding this Privacy Policy and related matters.

Privacy Policy Changes. We have the sole discretion to change, modify, add or remove portions of this Privacy Policy from time to time. New versions of this Privacy Policy will be posted here. Our collection, use and disclosure of your information will be governed by the version of this Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such collection, use or disclosure. If we materially change the way that we collect, use or disclose your personal information, we will notify you through a notice or updated Privacy Policy on the Website, or by email (sent to the email address specified in your account), prior to or upon the change(s) becoming effective. Accordingly, when you access or use the Website, you should check the date of this Privacy Policy and be aware of any changes since the last version. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy means that you accept such changes.

Consent to Transfers Outside of Canada. Fanatics and may store and process your personal information at facilities in various countries outside Canada, including the United State of America and one or more countries in Europe or Asia. The personal information protection laws of those other countries are different from the laws of Canada, and might permit courts, government, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies and security authorities to access your personal information without notice. By providing your personal information to Fanatics, you consent to the transfer of the personal information to facilities located in other countries and the processing and storage of the personal information at those facilities.

Terms and Conditions. Use of the Website is governed by, and subject to, the Website [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/LIDS_Canada_Terms_of_Service). Your use or accessing of the Website constitutes your agreement to be bound by the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/LIDS_Canada_Terms_of_Service).

Contact Information. LIDS Inc., c/o Fanatics Retail Group Canada, Limited, 200 Burrard Street, 1200 Waterfront Centre, Vancouver, BC V7X1T2 Canada or c/o Fanatics Retail Group, LLC, 8100 Nations Way, Jacksonville, FL 32256.
