> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sprii.ae privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190408090449id_/https%3A//www.sprii.ae/en/sprii-privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy & Cookie Policy

Sprii.com DMCC is a company established in the United Arab Emirates with the number 92481 and the registered address Jumeirah Lake Towers, Dubai, UAE. We operate www.sprii.com (the “Site”). In this Privacy Policy, references to “you” mean any person submitting any data to us or our agent or the Site. Data protection is a matter of trust, and your privacy is important to us. We shall therefore only use your name and other information that relates to you in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We will only collect information where it is necessary for us to do so, and we will only collect information if it is relevant to our dealings with you. We will only keep your information for as long as we are either required to by law or as is relevant for the purposes for which it was collected. You can visit the Site and browse without having to provide personal details. During your visit to the Site you remain anonymous and at no time can we identify you unless you have an account on the Site and log on with your user name and password.

### 1\. DATA THAT WE COLLECT

We may collect various information if you seek to place an order for a product on the Site. We collect and process your data for processing your purchase on the Site and any possible later claims, and to provide you with our services. We may collect your title, name, gender, email address, postal address, delivery address (if different), telephone number or mobile number. We will use the information you provide to enable us to process your orders and to provide you with the services and information offered through our website and which you request. Further, we will use the information you provide to administer your account with us; improve the layout and/or content of the pages of our website and customise them for users; identify visitors on our website; carry out research on our users’ demographics; send you information we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us, including information about our products and services, provided you have indicated that you have not objected to being contacted for these purposes. Subject to obtaining your consent we may contact you by email with details of other products and services. If you prefer not to receive any marketing communications from us, you can opt out at any time. We may pass your name and address on to a third party in order to make delivery of the product to you (for example to our courier). You must only submit to us or the Site information which is accurate and not misleading and you must keep it up to date and inform us of changes. You may access your order information by logging into your account on the Site. Here you can view the details of your orders that have been completed, those which are open and those which are shortly to be dispatched, and administer your address details, any newsletter to which you may have subscribed and your charity preferences. You undertake to treat the personal access data confidentially and not make it available to unauthorised third parties. We cannot assume any liability for misuse of passwords unless this misuse is our fault.

**CREDIT CHECK AND FRAUD PREVENTION**

We may use fraud prevention agencies (“FPAs”) to help us make decisions as to whether to accept an order for products on the Site. A condensed guide as to how we and FPAs will use your information is detailed below. If you would like to see more information about this, or the agencies we use, please contact us. We will use your data in the following ways: a) We will search at FPAs for information on those placing orders for products on the Site. b) We will use the information provided to us by FPAs to help make decisions about all those placing order for products on the Site. c) If you give us false or inaccurate information and we identify fraud, details may be passed to FPAs.

**OTHER USES OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

We may use your personal information for opinion and market research. Your details are anonymous and will only be used for statistical purposes. You can choose to opt out of this at any time. Any answers to surveys or opinion polls Sprii.com may ask you to complete will not be forwarded on to third parties. Disclosing your email address is only necessary if you would like to take part in competitions. We save the answers to our surveys separately from your email address. We may also send you other information about us, the Site, our products, sales promotions or our newsletters. If you would prefer not to receive any of this additional information as detailed in this paragraph (or any part of it) please click the ‘unsubscribe’ link in any email that we send to you. Within 7 working days (days which are neither (i) a Friday or Saturday, nor (ii) a public holiday anywhere in the United Arab Emirates) of receipt of your instruction, we will cease to send you information as requested. If your instruction is unclear, we will contact you for clarification. We may further anonymise data about users of the Site generally and use it for various purposes, including ascertaining the general location of the users and usage of certain aspects of the Site or a link contained in an email to those registered to receive them, and supplying that anonymised data to third parties such as publishers. However, that anonymised data will not be capable of identifying you personally.

**COMPETITIONS**

For any competition we use the data to notify winners and advertise our offers. You can find more details where applicable in our participation terms for the respective competition.

**THIRD PARTIES AND LINKS**

We may pass your details to our agents and subcontractors to help us with any of our uses of your data set out in our Privacy Policy. For example, we may use third parties to assist us with delivering products to you, to help us to collect payments from you, to analyse data and to provide us with marketing or customer service assistance. We may exchange information with third parties for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We may transfer our databases containing your personal information if we sell our business or part of it. Other than as set out in this Privacy Policy, we shall NOT sell or disclose your personal data to third parties without obtaining your prior consent unless this is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy or unless we are required to do so by law. The Site may contain advertising of third parties and links to other sites or frames of other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of those third parties or other sites, nor for any third party to whom we transfer your data in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

**USE OF FACEBOOK SOCIAL PLUGINS**

Our website uses social plugins (“Plugins”) provided by the social network facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). The Plugins are identifiable by a Facebook logo or the notice “Facebook Social Plugin”. For a full list of all social plugins and their appearance please see developers.facebook.com/plugins. When you visit a page of our website that contains a Plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to Facebook servers. Facebook directly transfers the Plugin content to your browser which embeds the latter into the website, enabling Facebook to receive information about your having accessed the respective page of our website. For this purpose, the internet address of the visited site (your IP address included) is transferred to a USA-based Facebook server where the data are stored. This occurs even if you do not have a Facebook account or are not logged into Facebook at the time. If you are logged into Facebook, your visit can be assigned to your Facebook account. If you interact with the Plugins, for example by clicking “Like”, or entering a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to Facebook and stored by it. The information can also be published on Facebook, and shown to your Facebook friends. If you are a Facebook member and do not want Facebook to connect the data concerning your visit to our website with your member data already stored by Facebook, please log off Facebook before entering our website. You can also block Facebook social Plugins by using add-ons for your browser, like the “Facebook Blocker”. For information on the purpose and scope of data collection by Facebook and how it is processed and used, as well as your rights in this respect and settings options for protecting your privacy please visit Facebook’s privacy policy.

**SPRII.COM GOOGLE ANALYTICS FEATURES**

Sprii.com has implemented Google Analytics features, including Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, the DoubleClick Campaign Manager integration, Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. Should you wish to opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising, you can do so by adjusting your personal Google Ads Settings . You furthermore have the option to adjust your web settings in relation to Google Analytics by changing the currently available opt-outs for the web. Third-party vendors, including Google, may show Sprii.com ads on sites across the Internet. Sprii.com and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads, based on your past visits to Sprii.com. Sprii.com and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) together to report how your ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to Sprii.com. Sprii.com uses data from Google's Interest-based advertising or 3rd-party audience data (such as age, gender, and interests) with Google Analytics, to optimize the customer experience, including the suggestion of relevant products etc.

**FACEBOOK RETARGETING DATA**

Some of the advertisements you see on our website or on emails we deliver to you are delivered by Facebook, who collect non-personally identifiable information about your online activities with the emails we send and/or our website through the use of cookies, web beacons, and other technologies, in an effort to understand your interests and deliver you advertisements that are tailored to your interests. The use of cookies, web beacons, and other technologies by Facebook is subject to the privacy policies of this third party. If you choose not to have your information used for advertising purposes, you can find out more information on how to opt-out by clicking here. https://www.facebook.com/customaudiences/app/

### 2\. COOKIES

It is not necessary to accept cookies to visit our website. However, if you would like to place an order or add an item to your shopping basket, you will need to set your browser to accept cookies so you can use the shopping basket and checkout functions.

**WHAT ARE COOKIES?**

Cookies and flash cookies are small files that are saved on your data carrier which store specific information about your preferred settings and any other data that our system needs when interacting with your browser. There are two different kinds of cookies: session cookies, which are deleted the moment you quit your browser; and temporary/permanent cookies, which are stored on your data carrier for a longer period of time or, in some cases, permanently. Cookies help us to tailor our website to suit you and to reflect your tastes and your browsing habits. They also allow us to save any information you have entered so you don’t have to enter it all again the next time you visit.

**WHAT KIND OF COOKIES DOES SPRII.COM USE?**

Most of the cookies we use are session cookies, which are deleted at the end of your browser session. We use these to allow you to use our shopping basket function across more than one page of our site, for example. We do use some cookies that remain on your computer after you have quit your browser. This kind of cookie enables our system to recognise that you’ve visited our website before and to remember which settings and products you preferred. These temporary/permanent cookies have a lifespan of around one month to two years, after which they will be automatically deleted. These cookies allow us to collect and analyse data to come up with strategies to improve our website. This makes our website easier for our customers to use and helps us to provide you with personal recommendation of products you may like. Our aim is to offer you a fun, easy shopping experience on a website that is tailored to your tastes.

**WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION IS STORED IN COOKIES?**

The cookies used by Sprii.com are never used to store any personal information. Therefore our cookies cannot be traced back to an individual user. Once a cookie is activated, it is given an ID number, which is solely used for internal reference and cannot be used to identify the user or access any personal information, such as your name or IP address. The anonymised information we receive from the cookies allows us to assess which pages of our site are visited the most and see which products were most popular etc.

**WHAT IS ON-SITE TARGETING?**

The Sprii.com website gathers information that could be useful in tailoring our adverts and online offer to our customers. This information is not used to identify you as a user; it is solely used for the optimization of our website. Information collected by our cookies is not stored with our customer’s personal information or order information, it is only used to provide our users with adverts and/or notification of offers and services that are suited to their individual tastes.

**DECLARATION OF CONSENT**

I hereby give permission for my user information to be stored on cookie files. I also allow these files to remain on my computer after I have ended my browser session so they may be used upon my next visit to the website. I reserve the right to retract this permission by changing my browser setting to refuse cookies.

**HOW CAN I PREVENT COOKIES FROM BEING STORED ON MY COMPUTER?**

You can change the settings in your browser to ask for your permission every time a cookie tries to access your computer. Usually, your browser’s help section will provide information on how to change your cookie settings. We recommend only changing the browser setting for your profile on shared computers. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

### 3\. LOG INFORMATION

Every time you visit Sprii.com, information is sent from your browser to our server log files, where it will be saved. The information transferred includes: time and date or visit to our site, which pages were viewed, IP address, URL of site that referred you to Sprii.com, how much information has been stored and which browser you have been using. Once we have all this information, all IP addresses are deleted or anonymised. Anonymisation means that your IP address is changed in such a way that they either cannot be linked with the original user or can only be linked through extensive research.

The anonymous information stored in this log file is then used to improve the shopping experience on the Sprii.com website by making our navigation more user-friendly, finding errors quickly and directing our server’s capacity to where it is needed most. For example, this information allows us to work out our busiest times and plan enough server power for those times to keep our site running as quickly as possible. I hereby give my permission for Sprii.com to analyse and use protocol data to develop and optimise their online shop.

### 4\. SECURITY

We have in place appropriate technical and security measures to prevent unauthorised or unlawful access to or accidental loss of or destruction or damage to your information. When we collect data through the Site, we collect your personal details on a secure server. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection and disclosure of your information. You are responsible for protecting against unauthorised access to your password and to your computer.

### 5\. CONSENT

By submitting data to us or our agent or using the Site, you consent to our use of your data in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy to verify your identity.

### 6\. YOUR RIGHTS

If you are concerned about your data you have the right to request access to the personal data which we may hold or process about you. You have the right to require us to correct any inaccuracies in your data free of charge. At any stage you also have the right to ask us to stop using your personal data for direct marketing purposes. Please contact us by mail at support@sprii.com or Sprii.com FZ-LLC, Dubai Media City, Dubai, UAE.
