> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the berecruited.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130622100010id_/http%3A//blog.berecruited.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy ‹ beRecruited Resource Center

### beRecruited Privacy Policy Summary

This page summarizes certain key highlights from our Privacy Policy. Because this is just a summary, we have not included every detail on this page. For more information, please read our full Privacy Policy.

We collect personal data that you provide (such as your name, address, email, athletic or academic information, pictures and videos) and, like most websites, non-personal data (such as your IP address, web pages viewed, browser type, and usage data). Keep in mind that information you share on your public profile will be visible to everyone, including non-registered users.

We use your information to operate beRecruited, and we will share some of your data.  This enables us, among other things, to connect coaches and athletes, process transactions, improve beRecruited, and provide relevant promotional offers.  We communicate with you on beRecruited.com and via email, mobile apps, and other channels.

Except as set forth in the Privacy Policy, beRecruited does not sell or rent your information to commercial marketers offering to sell you non-education and/or non-sports related products and services, unless you choose to opt-in to these services by responding to an advertisement on beRecruited.com.

We secure your data in accordance with industry standards and technology.  However, the Internet is not a 100% secure environment, and we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to beRecruited.  There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed or disclosed if our safeguards are breached.  We ask you to do your part by maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information and controlling access to your email communications.

As a beRecruited user, you can always:

  * Review, enhance or edit your personal information through your personal profile page;
  * Control what information you make available publicly through your public profile;
  * Change your settings to control visibility and accessibility through our website; and
  * Tell us to close your beRecruited account.



If at any point we decide to use particular personal information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email or by providing 30 days’ notice on the Site.  If you have questions or concerns regarding the Privacy Policy, we encourage you to contact us.

[](http://blog.berecruited.com/contact/)

**Physical Mail:**  
beRecruited  
Attn: Privacy Policy Issues  
539 Bryant St  
Suite 301  
San Francisco, CA 94107  
USA  


### beRecruited Privacy Policy

**Introduction  
**beRecruited’s mission to is to enable every high-school student athlete to attend the college or university that is the best athletic, academic, and cultural fit.  In order to achieve this mission, beRecruited needs to disclose and use for its business purposes certain information that students and coaches submit to us. We want you to understand what we do with your information and encourage you to read the privacy policy terms below.

**What Does This Privacy Policy Apply To?  
**beRecruited, Inc. (“we”, “us”, or “beRecruited”) has created this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting your personal information and informing you about what information we collect and how we use and disclose that information. This Privacy Policy applies to transactions and activities in which you engage, and data gathered, on the beRecruited.com website (“Website” and/or “Site”). This Privacy Policy also applies to mobile and API access to beRecruited (collectively referred to with the “Website” and the “Site” as the “Service”); however, additional privacy and usage terms may apply to such mobile and/or API access, as set forth in the respective platforms. Please review this Privacy Policy periodically as we may modify it from time to time. This Privacy Policy was last revised on January 14, 2013. Each time you visit the Site or provide us with information, by doing so you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy at that time. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy you may not access or otherwise use the Website or participate in our services.

**Why and How We Use Your Information  
**The most important benefit of using beRecruited is the ability to proactively gain exposure and connect to individuals, institutions and organizations that can improve your recruiting process.  To achieve this, the information you provide may be shared with other users and/or select third parties as described in this Privacy Policy.  For example, you may be contacted by registered college coaches or student athletes.  You may also receive information from non-profit and for-profit organizations and government agencies, including, but not limited to, (i) educational products and services (e.g. student loans, financial aid, college admissions and tutorial services, and extra-curricular enrichment and recognition programs); (ii) career, employment, and military opportunities; (iii) athletic apparel and equipment companies; and (iv) camps. Except as set forth herein, beRecruited does not sell your information to commercial marketers offering to sell you non-education and/or non-sports related products and services, unless you choose to opt-in to these services by responding to an advertisement on the Website.

beRecruited collects two categories of information from users: “Personal Information” that specifically identifies you (e.g. your name, email address, and physical address) and “Non-Personal Information” that is anonymous in nature (e.g. your IP address, web pages viewed, browser type and usage data).  In addition, we may supplement the Personal Information and Non-Personal Information we collect with information from other sources.  This Privacy Policy will further define these categories of information and explain in more detail what each category means, as well as how we collect, use, and handle your information.

**How We Collect and Categorize Your Personal Information  
**On our Site, we only collect Personal Information from you if you voluntarily provide it to us. Your privacy settings determine what aspects of your Personal Information are accessible to others.  As a supplement to this Privacy Policy, we make it easy for student athletes to see what different people can and cannot see by providing a drop down menu on each student athlete’s profile so they can preview what their profile looks like to different types of users based on their privacy settings. Personal Information submitted on the Site primarily consists of three sub-categories: Public Information, Semi-Public Information, and Private Information.

  * PUBLIC INFORMATION.  “Public Information” is Personal Information that you provide that is available to anyone on the Site.  This includes, but is not limited to, data such as your full name, sport, athletic information, pictures, and videos; we or others may freely use this data.  You may adjust which Public Information is shared in your privacy settings, located in the “Edit Profile” section of the Site. If you choose to submit content to any public area of the Website, your content will be considered Public Information and will not be subject to the privacy protections set forth herein.


  * SEMI-PUBLIC INFORMATION. “Semi-Public Information” is Personal Information that you provide that is available to certain other registered users of the Service and is required from all registered users.  This includes, but is not limited to, your postal address, phone number, email address and academic information.  As a core function of the Service is connecting college coaches and student athletes, sufficient information needs to be presented to help each side to decide if it’s worth making a connection.  For example, registered college coaches can always see a user’s full contact information and academic information.  However, another registered student athlete or a logged out user cannot generally see this information.   For college coaches, this means that athletes can see which school you are associated with, and information you provide about yourself, your team, and your college or university in your profile, as well as certain actions you take on the Site.


  * PRIVATE INFORMATION. “Private Information” is Personal Information that you provide that we do not share with other Site users.  This includes, but is not limited to, your password, privacy settings, credit card number, and billing and shipping information.



**How We Use Your Personal Information  
**We only use your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy, unless you have specifically consented to another type of use either (i) at the time the Personal Information is collected from you or (ii) through some other form of consent from, or notification to, you.  The following bullet points illustrate the primary ways in which we use your Personal Information:

  * OPERATE THE SERVICE.  We use your Personal Information to help us efficiently operate the Service. For example, we may use Public Information and Semi-Public Information to enable other users to find your profile, to determine whether a coach and an athlete may be a potential match for each other, and to allow users to initiate communication with each other. We may also share your Personal Information with third parties to further the purpose for which you provided such information to us. For example, to operate the Service, including processing your transactions and supporting your activities on the Service, we may share your Personal Information with our agents, representatives, contractors and service providers so they can provide us with support services, such as authorization of credit card transactions, email origination, receipt or support services, customer relationship management services, order fulfillment and sweepstakes and promotional fulfillment.
  * SERVICE COMMUNICATIONS.  We use your Personal Information to contact you in connection with your transactions, inquiries, requests and other activities on the Service (including, but not limited to, verification emails, emails triggered by your or other users’ activity on the Service, or important news that could affect your relationship with beRecruited). These types of communications are known as “Service Communications.”  In some cases, Service Communications may also contain commercial messages, such as banner ads and special offers. We also use Personal Information to send you newsletters, information, offers and other promotional materials for beRecruited’s or third parties’ goods or services. Each email communication has an unsubscribe link, enabling you to decline to receive future communications.  By registering on the Site, you are opting in to receive beRecruited communications by mail, email and mobile devices (via SMS/push alerts).  If we contact you using methods beyond email, you will typically be able to opt-out of these communications in your privacy settings.
  * CONNECT YOU WITH TRUSTED PARTNERS.  Certain actions you or others take on the Service may indicate ways in which our partners or we can further assist you in your recruiting process, and we may use your Personal Information to do so. For example, if we believe you would benefit from an introduction to a particular partner, we may initiate an introduction.  If you do not wish to have your Personal Information shared based upon specific actions you have taken on our Service, go to your privacy settings and disable this setting, if present.  If we are not currently contemplating connecting you with our partners based on your specific actions, you may not see such a setting. Please note that opting out of these communications will not otherwise limit our ability to use your Personal Information as otherwise permitted herein.
  * ALLOW YOU TO PARTICIPATE IN CERTAIN THIRD PARTY OFFERS AND PROGRAMS. By purchasing, registering or making reservations for products or services offered or sponsored by third parties on the Site, or electing to receive communications (such as emails or magazine subscriptions) or electing to participate in contests, sweepstakes or other programs (such as discount or rewards programs), offered or sponsored by third parties on the Site, you consent to our providing your Personal Information to those third parties. Those third parties may use your Personal Information in accordance with their own privacy policies. You will need to contact those third parties to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your Personal Information by them.
  * SPECIAL CASES IN WHICH WE SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.  Your Personal Information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a corporate restructuring (such as a sale, merger, or other transfer of ownership or assets, or a bankruptcy). We may also disclose Personal Information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law or legal process, to cooperate with law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of beRecruited or other visitors to the Site. We also may disclose your Personal Information to our subsidiary and parent companies and businesses, and other affiliated legal entities and businesses with whom we are under common corporate control.



Please also see the Our Security Precautions with Your Information section of this Privacy Policy for additional information on how we secure your information.

**Social Media and Links to Other Websites  
**beRecruited provides you with the ability to register, log into, “like” or otherwise interact with your beRecruited account and our Service using your existing social media accounts, such as your Facebook or Twitter accounts, among others.  We do not post anything to your social media services without your explicit consent.  However, upon providing your consent, these features may display some of your Personal Information or other information relating to you on or in connection with these social media services, including, without limitation, on our Site.  We do not control those social media services, your profiles on those services, modify your privacy settings on those services or establish rules about how your Personal Information on those services will be used.  You and the social media service providers are in control of those issues, not beRecruited.  Additionally, on the Site, we place links to third party websites.  When you click on these links and visit these other websites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we do not control these other websites or these other websites’ business practices, and that this Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites. The operators of these other websites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the Site. You are encouraged to read all policies and information on the applicable social media services and third party websites to learn more about how they handle your information before using any such features or website.  We cannot be and are not responsible for any acts or omissions by any social media service provider or third party website.

**How We Collect Non-Personal Information  
**When you access our Service, we may automatically collect anonymous, Non-Personal Information from you, such as IP address, web pages viewed, browser type, referring service, usage and browsing habits on the Service, and similar data.  We may also aggregate demographic information collected from our users (such as the number of users in a particular state, or total number of male and female users) in a manner that does not identify any one individual.

The following are a few examples of Non-Personal Information that we collect:

  * YOUR IP ADDRESS. **   **Like most registration-based websites, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came each time you visit the Site. In order to administer and optimize the Site for you and to diagnose problems with our Site, we use your IP address to help anonymously identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you.
  * COOKIES AND RELATED TECHNOLOGIES. **  **Like most websites, the Site uses cookies, javascript and similar technologies to keep track of your status, purchases and other activity on the Site and enhance your experience on the Site. We also use these technologies to deliver content specific to your interests, and if you choose, to save certain Personal Information so you do not have to reenter it each time you visit the Site. Third-party advertisers and other entities on the Site may also place or read cookies or similar technologies. If you wish to delete or disable our cookies, you can do so via your browser settings. However, in doing so, you may not be able to access certain areas on the Site.  You will need to contact the applicable third party to disable third-party cookies and similar third party technologies. Please also see the How You Can Opt-Out, Access and Update Your Information and Behavioral Advertising sections of this Privacy Policy for additional information on how you can opt-out.
  * ANALYTICS. **  **We use analytics services that use cookies, javascript and similar technologies to help us analyze how users use the Website. The information generated by these services about your use of the Website (including your IP address or a truncated version of your IP address) is transmitted to and stored by analytics service providers on their servers. Those service providers will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your, and other users’, use of the Website, compiling reports for us on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and Internet usage.



**How We Use Non-Personal Information  
**We use Non-Personal Information for a number of purposes, including, but not limited to, maintaining and improving the Site, launching new products, analyzing user behavior, tailoring the Site and communications to your interests, and for marketing and press purposes. Because of the nature of Non-Personal Information, this is done on an anonymous and/or aggregated basis (i.e., without telling the advertisers your identity).  One of the reasons we may do this is to increase the likelihood that our advertisers’ goods and services will appeal to beRecruited’s users, so that we may target specific ads at specific demographic groups. When you respond to an advertisement, however, we ask you to remember that if that ad that is targeted to a demographic group and you decide to give the advertiser your Personal Information, then the advertiser may be able to identify you as being a member of that demographic group. Please note that we reserve the right to disclose or utilize any Non-Personal Information for any purposes permitted by law, not just the specified examples used in the Privacy Policy, which are provided for illustration purposes only.

  
**Behavioral Advertising  
**We may engage third party vendors to use our Non-Personal Information and/or content in connection with their similar information in order to deliver you targeted advertising or otherwise improve our advertising when you visit other websites.  Cookies and related technologies, described above, are used in this process.  For instance, if you are searching for information on a particular sport, our vendor may cause an advertisement to appear on other websites you are viewing with information on that sport.  This form of advertising that is performed by certain vendors, sometimes called “behavioral advertising”, is based solely on anonymous Non-Personal Information and not any Personal Information.  Our vendors do not know who you are in connection with the delivery of a specific ad.  We believe that such advertising is a benefit to you since you will see advertisements that are relevant to your interests.

However, if you do not want to receive such targeted advertisements then you can opt-out of being tracked by our vendors.  To opt-out of such tracking, please visit  
<http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>  and select our current vendor(s) and any other companies you choose. For a list of our current vendor(s), see: <http://blog.berecruited.com/behavioral-advertising-partners>.

Opting out of our behavioral advertising system does not mean that you will no longer see advertisements.  You will still see advertisements; however, they will be general and not tailored to your specific interests and activities.

For more information on how to opt-out of behavioral advertising, see:  <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/>.

  
**Our Security Precautions with Your Information  
**The Site has security measures in place to help protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. To such end, we adhere to industry standard practices and procedures to help safeguard and secure the information we collect.  Although we use commercially reasonable efforts to protect the security of your Personal Information and our system, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, no transmission via the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result of this and other factors beyond our control, we cannot guarantee the security of the information that you transmit to or through our Website. Therefore, you assume that risk by using the Website.

**Protection for Children and Minors  
**This Website is not intended for, and we have no intention of collecting Personal Information from, persons under the age of 13. If a person under the age of 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database. If you are under the age of 13, you are not authorized to access or submit any content or information to this Website.

**Changing our Privacy Policy for Previously Gathered Information  
**If at any point we decide to use particular Personal Information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email or by providing 30 days’ notice on the Site. Please note that we will continue to have the right to change our Privacy Policy and practices, and how we use your Personal Information, without notice, as described in the first paragraph of this Privacy Policy, provided that such changes shall only apply to information gathered on or after the date of the change.

  
**How You Can Opt-Out, Access and Update Your Information  
**To stop receiving beRecruited communications you must delete your account which you can do at any time by contacting us at <http://blog.berecruited.com/contact/>. Please note that if you delete your account, we may continue to retain your information on our servers for archival purposes. If you re-register with the Service in the future, we may associate your new registration information with your previously provided registration information. In addition, we may give you the opportunity to opt-out of certain communications in the ‘Edit Profile” section of the Site.

We give you the opportunity to modify Personal Information you have provided to us at any time by going to the “Edit Profile” section of the Site or by [contacting us](http://blog.berecruited.com/contact/). While these changes normally take effect in a matter of hours, in some special cases, it may take up to 5 days to take effect on the public areas of the Site.

Please note that changing your information through the “Edit Profile” section of the Site, or otherwise opting-out of receipt of communications from beRecruited, will only change or delete the data for purposes of future activities on the Site and for managing future communications from beRecruited. These changes and deletions will not change or delete emails or information that we may have already forwarded to other users or credit card companies or any other third parties, all as provided in this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the Site, or your dealings with the Site, please feel free to contact us at <http://blog.berecruited.com/contact/>. Opt-outs may be device-specific, so please consult the help section of your web browser or settings on each device. ** **

**United States of America  
**Our servers are maintained in the United States of America.  By using the Website or participating in beRecruited’s services, you freely and specifically give beRecruited your consent to export your Personal Information to the USA and to store and use it in the USA as specified in this Privacy Policy.  You understand that data stored in the USA may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the USA.

**Governing Law  
**This Privacy Policy and our legal obligations hereunder are subject to the laws of California, U.S.A., regardless of your location.  You hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of and venue in the federal and state courts located in San Francisco County, California, U.S.A. in all disputes arising out of or relating to the Services.

**Your use of this Website is governed by, and subject to, the legal notices and disclaimers located at<http://blog.berecruited.com/terms-of-use/> and is subject at all times to all such legal notices and disclaimers. Furthermore, your use and access of the Website constitutes your agreement to be bound by the provisions contained in the Terms of Use and in this Privacy Policy.**
