> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the berrybenka.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110619050951id_/http%3A//berrybenka.com/privacyPolicy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Berrybenka.com - One Shop. Many Brands. | Ladies fashion, clothes, and accessories.

PRIVACY POLICY 

Welcome to Berrybenka.com (“Site”). We respect your privacy and want to protect your personal information. To learn more, please continue reading this Privacy Policy. We will not disclose personal information to third parties except where it may be part of providing a service to you - e.g. arranging for goods to be sent to you, carrying out credit and other security checks, and for the purposes of customer research and profiling or where we have your express permission to do so.

This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, protect, and in some cases, disclose your personal information. By visiting this Site, you accept the practices described in this Policy. This Privacy Policy does not necessarily apply to any offline collection of your personal information. Please see below for details.

**1\. Types of Information Collected and Uses of Collected Information**   
We collect two types of information about our Site Users: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information.

  * **Personally Identifiable Information.**  Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies a specific end user. When you engage in certain activities on the Site, such as creating an account, filling out a survey, ordering a product or service from us, posting an opinion, sending us feedback, requesting information about our products and services, or applying for a job through the Site (collectively, "Identification Activities"), we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. It is optional for you to engage in these Identification Activities. If you elect to engage in an Identification Activity, however, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as but not limited to your first and last name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, and date of birth. When you order products or services, we may also ask you to provide us with your bank account number, credit card number, expiration date, and authentication codes or related information. Depending on the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some is identified as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory information for a particular activity that requires it, you will not be permitted to engage in that activity.  
We use Personally Identifiable Information to provide products and services to you, enhance the operation of the Site, administer contests, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze Site usage, improve our product and service offerings, and to tailor your interaction experience. For example, if you send our customer service an email we may use your comments and feedback to tell others about our services, and may post your comment in our marketing materials or on our Site. In addition, if you use our Site to send information or a product to another person, we may store your personal information, and the personal information of any recipient. We may use that other person’s contact information to allow him or her to view and accept your gift or to allow the recipient to access the information you requested we send. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our Site Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities.
  * **Non-Personally Identifiable Information.**  Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific End User. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the website you visited before coming to our Site, the URL of the website you visit after leaving our Site, the type of browser you are using and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. We, and/or our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers, may automatically collect this information when you visit our Site through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Web Beacons or Pixel Tags, as described in items 2 and 7 of this Privacy Policy.  
We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Site, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, and programming.



**2\. Release of Personally Identifiable Information**   
Your privacy is of utmost importance to us and we will not sell, rent, trade, license, or otherwise disclose your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties except as mentioned below: 

  * **We may share your information with Authorized Third Party Service Providers.**  We may provide some of our services and products through third parties. These "Third Party Service Providers" perform functions on our behalf, like sending out and distributing our administrative and promotional emails, or in the case of shipping companies whereby they will ship our products out to you. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such Service Providers to send postal or email, remove repetitive information on customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, operate the Site, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies ("Affiliates") with whom we have business relationships and may have to also share their information with Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. We encourage Third Party Providers to act at all times in accordance with our Privacy Policy as well as to adopt and post privacy policies of their own.
  * **We may share your information in a Business Transfer.**  As with any other business, we could merge with or be acquired by other entities. If this occurs, the successor company would acquire the information we maintain, including Personally Identifiable Information. However, Personally Identifiable Information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy.
  * **We may share your information for our Protection and the Protection of Others.**  We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when we believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law or a court order, enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our Site Terms of Use or other agreements, or protect the rights, property, or safety of the Site, its users or others.



**3\. Release of Non-Personally Identifiable Information**   
We may disclose or share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with Partners, Affiliates and Advertisers. For example, we may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any Personally Identifiable Information) with "Third Party Advertisers" or "Third Party Advertising Companies" and other parties as provided below:  
We may use Third Party Advertising Companies to serve advertisements when you visit our Site. These companies may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide, through the use of network tags, advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.  
We also use Third Party Service Providers to track and analyze Non-Personally Identifiable Information usage and volume statistical information from our Users to administer our Site and constantly improve its quality. We may also publish this information for promotional purposes or as a representative audience for Advertisers. Please note that this is not Personally Identifiable Information, only aggregated summaries of the activities of our users.

**4\. User Choices on Collection and Use of Information**   
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, although it may be required to engage in a certain activity on the Site. As a condition of purchase of our products and services, we will send you Administrative (such as upon registration, or service-related announcements) and Promotional emails. We will send you information regarding your account activity and purchases as well as updates about our products and promotional offers.  
You cannot opt-out of Administrative Emails. "Administrative Emails" relate to a user's activity on the Site, and include emails regarding a particular user's account and requests or inquiries. In contrast to Administrative Emails, however, you do have a choice with respect to Promotional Emails. Promotional Emails advertise our products and services, and/or the products and services of our Advertisers and Affiliates. If you do not want to receive Promotional Emails from us, you may elect to opt-out of receiving Promotional Emails at any time after registering by e-mailing us at **cs@berrybenka.com** , or by clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any of the Promotional E-mails. When contacting us, please indicate your name and email address, and specify which Promotional Emails you do not want to receive. Furthermore, if you wish to disable your account and subsequently further usage of our site through that account, you may do so by informing us at **cs@berrybenka.com**. It may however be impossible for us to completely delete all of your information because we periodically backup information.

**5\. Corrections**   
We believe that you should have the ability to access and edit the Personally Identifiable Information you provide us. Upon your request, we will correct any of your Personally Identifiable Information. You can do so by sending us an email at **cs@berrybenka.com**. Please indicate your name and email address, and what information you would like to correct. We encourage you to promptly update your Personally Identifiable Information if it changes. 

**6\. Security of Information**   
We take security seriously and take numerous precautions to protect the security of Personally Identifiable Information. You can access your Personally Identifiable Information on our Site through a password and your email address. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. Any Personally Identifiable Information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to. We encrypt certain sensitive information using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information is safe as it is transmitted to us.  
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with companies which do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Site, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information.

**7\. Data Tracking**

  * **Cookies.**  To facilitate and customize your experience with the Site, we may store cookies on your computer. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a User's computer for record-keeping purposes which contains information about that User. We use cookies to save you time while using the Site, remind us who you are, and track and target user interests in order to provide a customized experience. Cookies also allow us to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information from you, like which pages you visited and what links you clicked on. Use of this information helps us to create a more user-friendly experience for all visitors. In addition, we may use Third Party Advertising Companies to serve ads on our behalf. As part of their service, they may place separate cookies on your computer. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by our Site only and does not cover the use of cookies by any third party. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline cookies. Please note that if you decline or delete these cookies, some parts of the Site may not work properly. 
  * **Other Tracking Devices.**  We may use other industry standard technologies like pixel tags and web beacons to track your use of our Site pages and promotions, or we may allow our Third Party Service Providers to use these devices on our behalf. Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on certain pages on our Site, or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, pixel tags and web beacons generate a Non-Personally Identifiable notice of that action. Pixel tags allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior on our Site, as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance. We may also utilize pixel tags and web beacons provided by our Affiliates and/or Marketing Partners for the same purposes.
  * **Log Files.** As is true of most web sites, the Site server is able to automatically recognize the Internet URL from which you access the Site. We may also log your Internet protocol (“IP”) address, Internet service provider, and date/time stamp for system administration, order verification, internal marketing, and system troubleshooting purposes.



**8\. Privacy Policies of Third Party Sites**   
This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Other websites that may be accessible through this Site may have their own privacy policies and data collection, use, and disclosure practices. If you link to any such website, we urge you review the website's privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties.

**9\. Miscellaneous Privacy Issues**

  * **Age.**  We do not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information from children under the age 13. By using this Site, you have represented that you are either 18 years of age, or using this Site with the supervision of a parent or guardian. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any personal information to us, and rely on a parent or guardian to assist you.
  * **Public Areas.**  We may provide areas on our Site where you can publicly post information about yourself, can communicate with others, or can review products and submit media content. This information may be accessible by third parties and may appear on other websites or web searches, and therefore this information could be read, collected, and used by others. We have no control over who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post. Thus, please use caution when posting any personal information in public areas of our Site.



**10\. Offline Collection, Use, and Disclosure of Personal Information**   
We may also collect your personal information offline, where we will try to protect your privacy. For example, we may request for or require your telephone number, e-mail or postal address while responding to your queries or service you better via telephone, fax, or other mobile means. We will do our utmost to ensure that offline collection, uses, and disclosures are consistent with our online Privacy Policy.
