> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mixcrate.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121231002856id_/http%3A//www.mixcrate.com/pages/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Mixcrate

Sign in is required for this action.

Last revised: January 12, 2011 

**1\. OVERVIEW**  
This website at www.mixcrate.com ("Site") is owned and operated by Mixcrate. We are committed to protecting the privacy of our members’ personal information. The purpose of this policy is to inform you of our information practices related to the personal information that you provide to us (“Your Information”) when using the Site. You must also review and abide by our Terms of Use in order to use the Site. Some of the defined terms in this Privacy Policy are defined in the Terms of Use. 

Please remember that this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we don't own or control or to people that we don't employ or manage. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information about you. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the Site. 

**2\. COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR INFORMATION**  
We collect Your Information at various points when you use the Site. We use the data that we collect to tailor your experience on the Site, show content that we think you might be interested in, and display content according to your preferences. 

  1. When You Register. When you register for an account on the Site we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself including, without limitation, your name, email or other electronic address, professional affiliations, photographs, and other biographical information. 
  2. "Share" Features. If you use our optional "Share" features on the Site, we will collect the email address that you provide, in order for us to send that person an email. We store this information to send that initial correspondence, to send reminders, and to track the use and success of these features. That person may contact us at info@mixcrate.com to request that we remove that email address from our database. 
  3. IP (Internet Protocol) Addresses. An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you surf the Web. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When you requests pages from the Site, our servers log your IP address. We do not link IP addresses to any personally identifiable information. This means that your session will be logged, but you as the user remain anonymous to us. The site will identify the date, time and IP address from which you access the site when you register as a user and if you choose to opt-out of receiving emails or other communications from us. 
  4. Use of Cookies. Cookies are information files that a Web server places on your computer when you visit a Web site. The Site is able to access only the cookies that it sets on your computer. We are able to determine the type of computer operating system, browser and IP address you are using and we could gather information on the city, country and time zone. We collects this information in the aggregate to improve access to our content based on our visitors’ browsers and operating systems to make our content available to as many visitors as possible. You can disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser, but if you do you may not be able to access all areas or services at this site. 
  5. Log Data. Log data consists of IP addresses and information generated by cookies, and other details about a visit to our Site, such as the time of the visit and the type of Web browser used. Log data is collected passively and is not personally identifiable. Log data collected on our web servers supply us with aggregate information about the number of visits to different pages on our site. We use this information only to improve our site. 



**3\. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION**

  1. At Your Instruction. One purpose of the Site is for our users to share information with others. We allow you to choose the information you provide to other users of the Site. Please note that once you share information, copies of that information may remain viewable in cached or archived pages, or it may be saved locally by others, even if you subsequently delete that information or change the privacy setting. 
  2. Completion of Business Transactions. If you order a product from the Site, we may share your name, address, and email address with the vendor of that product, so that the vendor can deliver the product to you. If you pay for the product with a credit card or through your bank account, we may share Your Information with third party service providers in order to complete your purchase, but we will only share Your Information with these third parties as much as is necessary to do so. 
  3. Third Party Offers. We may allow other companies to offer you products and services, including offers through our Site, co-branded pages hosted by the third party or via email. Whether or not you decide to participate in such an offer is up to you. If you purchase a product or service on a co-branded page, or via a third party offer on our Site, that requires you to submit financial and personal information, you are also consenting to our delivery of this information to that party. The offer will notify you if any financial or personally identifiable information will be shared. Such third party will be authorized to use this information in keeping with our contractual relationship with them and in accordance with their own privacy policy and information practices. We do not control these third parties and you agree that we are not liable for their acts, or any failure to act on their part. 
  4. Third Party Advertising. We may use aggregated, statistical information to describe our membership and to establish advertising and other business relationships with third parties. We may serve you with targeted advertisements based on your personal or profile information, but we does not provide any of this personal or profile information to an advertiser or any third party with the exception of those uses expressly disclosed in this policy. However, if you click or view an ad on our site then you consent to the likelihood that the advertiser will assume that you meet the targeting criteria, if any, used to display such ad, and as described above, you will be subject to the advertiser's privacy policy and information collection practices (if any). 
  5. Third Party Ad Servers. We may allow third party ad servers or ad networks to display advertisements on the Site. Some of these ad networks may place a persistent cookie on your computer or use other technologies such as JavaScript and web beacons. Doing this allows them to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad networks may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. We do not have access to or control over the cookies that may be placed by these parties on your computer, and we have no control over these parties' privacy policies or information collection practices (if any). 
  6. Service Providers. We may sometimes use a third party to provide specific services on our behalf, including sending e-mails to our members, conducting member surveys, processing transactions or performing statistical analysis of our services. In these cases, we may provide certain personal information, such as your name and e-mail address and other financial information necessary for the service to be provided. However, these third parties are required to maintain the confidentiality of this information and are prohibited from retaining, sharing, storing or using this information for any other purposes. 
  7. Internet Service Providers. We may provide certain portions of Your Information, such as your email address or name, back to your internet service provider if we have an existing advertising relationship with them. This is done to allow them to target or discontinue your exposure to our advertisements, once you have become a participating member of our Site. As part of our agreement with your internet service provider, they will be required to maintain this information in a confidential manner and use it solely for the purpose described in this Privacy Policy. 
  8. Business Transitions. In the event that we go through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition, liquidation or sale of all or a portion of its assets, our members personal information will, in most instances, be part of the assets transferred. Members will be notified of any such business transition via e-mail or prominent notice on the Site. 
  9. Legal Disclosure. We may disclose Your Information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to conform to applicable law, comply with a judicial proceeding, court order or legal process served on us or the Site, protect and defend our rights or property, or investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or violations of our Terms of Use. 



**4\. CHANGING OR CORRECTING YOUR INFORMATION**  
By logging on to your registered account through the Site, you can easily update, append, or otherwise modify Your Information. If you wish to have Your Information removed from the Site for any reason, simply complete our online removal process. Your Information will not be generally available to registered users of the Site, but we may retain Your Information for a period of time in our internal databases and systems. 

**5\. COMMUNICATIONS FROM US**  
As a registered user of the Site, you will receive our customary business communications such as e-mail address confirmation, administrative messages, and our newsletter. If at any time you do not wish to receive these communications, please follow the directions provided in the communication. 

**6\. SECURITY**  
We take appropriate precautions to protect Your Information. Your account information is located on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number or your password), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). 

We cannot and do not guarantee that your User Content will not be viewed by unauthorized persons, or that your account will not be accessed by unauthorized persons. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site. 

**7\. IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING CHILDREN**  
While we take seriously the privacy of all our visitors, we are especially committed to protecting the privacy of children under the age of 16 years old. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16 years of age. We have installed screening mechanisms to identify the age of all visitors to any area of the Site that requires the collection of personally identifiable information. A Site visitor indicating they are under 16 years old that attempts to submit personally identifiable information will receive an error message stating that he or she must be 16 years of age or older to be a Site member. We believe our policy is in the best interests of children. We hope you understand our position concerning children’s privacy. 

Any personal information that is unknowingly collected from a child under the age of 16 years old will be deleted upon written request from the child’s parent or legal guardian. Deletion requests should be sent to info@mixcrate.com. 

**8\. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY**  
We may update this policy from time to time as our information practices are modified or changed. Material changes will take effect within 30 days of posting on the Site; all other changes are effective immediately upon posting. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or through notice on our home page. Unless stated otherwise, our current privacy policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. 

**9\. CONTACT US**  
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at info@mixcrate.com. 
