> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cord.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150323111133id_/https%3A//www.concordiacollege.edu/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Online Privacy Policy · Concordia College

### About the Concordia College Website

Concordia College is committed to the privacy of all constituents. This policy refers to the gathering and dissemination practices for all domains owned by the college, including: concordiacollege.edu; cord.edu; goconcordia.com; gocobbers.com;  concordiarecordings.com; concordiatickets.com; concordiachristmas.com; and concordialanguagevillages.org.

#### Information Collected

Concordia College occasionally collects information from our users at different points on our web sites. Typical points of collection are forms, newsletter subscription pages and e-commerce pages. 

#### Forms

There are a number of forms throughout the site including, but not limited to, an online application for admission, information requests, contests and event registrations.

#### eCommerce

When completing e-commerce transactions, users must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill a customer’s order. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user. All online financial transactions are completed via externally-hosted, third-party sites.

#### Newsletters

If a user wishes to subscribe to any of our newsletters, we ask for contact information such as name and email address.  Out of respect for our users’ privacy, we provide a way to opt out of these communications.  Please see the Choice and Opt-out sections.

### How Information is Used

Information gathered through our site is used only for the purpose stated.

#### Cookies

Cookies are small pieces of data stored by your web browser that can later be used to reference database or session records on the web. Concordia College commonly uses cookies to pass session data from one web page to the next, and to interpret session constructions/destructions . The storage of cookies on your browser is optional, however many areas of the website may require the use of cookies or your experience may lack and that area may not function properly. Cookies are private identifiers  known only by your computer, and we follow strict policy to never share them to any external parties. Cookies are saved in a hashed format for your protection. We do not use cookies to monitor the activity of specific individuals on our websites.  

#### Log Files

Like most standard website servers we use log files.  This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.  IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We use a tracking utility called WebTrends that uses log files to analyze user movement.

### How Information is Shared?

#### As Required by Law

Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our web site.

#### With Third Parties 

Some of our technology partners have access to personally identifiable information. They do not retain, share or use this information for any secondary purposes.

#### Third Party Intermediaries

We use an outside shipping company to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.

#### Service Providers

We partner with third parties to provide specific services (online purchases, for example). When the user requests these particular services, we share information necessary for the third party to provide these services. These third parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these services.

#### Choice/Opt Out

External users are given the opportunity to opt-out of receiving information from us. Users who no longer wish to receive newsletter(s) and promotional communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by sending an email with a subject of unsubscribe to [webmaster@cord.edu](mailto:enews@cord.edu) or by using the opt-out mechanism included in the footer of messages generated by our broadcast email providers. Users may also contact us via phone, fax or email or postal mail to opt out. Contact information is provided at the bottom of this policy.

There are some electronic communications that include critical information for internal users (students and employees of Concordia College) for which there is no opt-out option.

#### Links

This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Concordia College is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.  We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.  This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site. 

#### Surveys & Contests

From time-to-time, our site requests information from users via surveys or contests.  Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as class year).  Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.  Users’ personally identifiable information is not shared with third parties unless we give prior notice and choice. Though we may use an intermediary to conduct these surveys or contests, they may not use users’ personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.

#### Security

This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information.  When users submit sensitive information via the web site, their information is protected both online and off-line.

When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with SSL - the best encryption software in the industry. Most browsers have a visual identifier when on a secure page. 

While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user information offline. All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use a password-protected logon screen to access identifiable information. Finally, the servers that store personally identifiable information are in a secure environment.

If users have any questions about the security at our website, users can send an email to [webmaster@cord.edu](mailto:webmaster@cord.edu).

#### Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information

If a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users’ personally identifiable information. This can be done by emailing [webmaster@cord.edu](mailto:webmaster@cord.edu).

#### Notification of Changes

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  

If, however, we are going to use users’ personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on our website for 30 days.

#### Contact Information

If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:

 **Phone:**  218.299.3939  
 **Email:  **[webmaster@cord.edu](mailto:webmaster@cord.edu)  
 **Postal Address:**  Concordia College, 901 8th St. S., Moorhead, MN 56562  
 **Website:**  [http://www.concordiacollege.edu](https://www.concordiacollege.edu/)
