> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the corecommerce.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180908235524id_/https%3A//www.corecommerce.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - CoreCommerce

CoreCommerce LLC is committed to respecting your online privacy and recognizes your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) you share with us. We have established this Online Privacy Policy so that you can understand the care with which we intend to treat your Personal Information. Personal Information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a physical address and an email address or other contact information, whether at work or at home. In general, you can visit CoreCommerce’s web pages without telling us who you are or revealing any Personal Information about yourself.

If you choose to provide us with your Personal Information on the Web, we may transfer that Information to third-party service providers, across borders, and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. We strive to comply with all applicable laws around the globe that are designed to protect your privacy, including GDPR (General Data Protection Act) in the European Union. Although legal requirements may vary from country to country, we intend to adhere to the principles set forth in this Online Privacy Policy even if, in connection with the above, we transfer your Personal Information from your country to countries that may not require an “adequate” level of protection for your Personal Information.

Some of our Web pages utilize “cookies” and other tracking technologies. A “cookie” is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about Web site activity. Some cookies and other technologies may serve to recall Personal Information previously indicated by a Web user. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but please note certain parts of the website will not work if cookies are disabled on your web browser. Tracking technologies may record information such as Internet domain and host names; Internet protocol (IP) addresses; browser software and operating system types; clickstream patterns; and dates and times that our site is accessed. Our use of cookies and other tracking technologies allows us to improve our Web site and your Web experience. We may also analyze information that does not contain Personal Information for trends and statistics.

You may choose whether or not to provide Personal Information to us. If you choose not to provide the Personal Information we request, you can still visit most of CoreCommerce’s Web sites, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers, and services that involve our interaction with you. If you chose to have a relationship with CoreCommerce, such as a contractual or other business relationship or partnership, we will naturally continue to contact you in connection with that business relationship. Wherever your Personal Information may be held, we intend to take reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the Personal Information that you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. To the extent that you do provide us with Personal Information, we wish to maintain accurate Personal Information and our goal is to provide a means of contacting us should you need to update or correct that Information.

You have the following rights in regards to your personal data:

**Right of Access –  **You have the right to request a copy of your personal data we hold about you. In the most of the cases this information is already presented to you in your online services from us. Your right to access may, however, be restricted by legislation and protection of other person’s privacy rights.

**Right to Rectification –  **You have the right to request from us to correct your personal data if inaccurate, incomplete or out of date.

**Right to be Forgotten –  **You have the right to request that your personal data is deleted when it is no longer necessary for us to retain such data.

**Right to Restriction of Processing –  **If you contest the correctness of the data which we have registered about you or lawfulness of processing, or if you have objected to the processing of the data in accordance with your right to object, you may request us to restrict the processing of this data to storing purposes only. The processing will only be restricted to storing until the correctness of the data can be established, or it can be checked whether our legitimate interests overwrite your interests. If you are not entitled to deletion of the data which we have registered about you, you may instead request that we restrict the processing of this data to storing purposes only. If the processing of the data which we have registered about you is solely necessary to assert a legal claim, you may also demand that other processing of this data be restricted to storing purposes only. We may process your data for other purposes if this is necessary to assert a legal claim or if you have granted your consent to this.

**Right to Object –  **You can always object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing band profiling in concern to such marketing.

**Right to Data Portability –  **You have the right to receive the personal data that you provided to us in a machine-readable format. This right applies to personal data processed only by automated means and on the consent or fulfilling a contract basis. Where secure and technically feasible the data can also be transmitted to another data controller by us.

Third parties provide certain services available on corecommerce.com and some sub-domains. We may provide information, including Personal Information, which CoreCommerce collects on the Web to third-party service providers to help us deliver programs, products, information, and services. Service providers are also an important means by which CoreCommerce maintains its Web site and mailing lists. CoreCommerce will take reasonable steps to ensure that these third-party service providers are obligated to protect Personal Information on CoreCommerce’s behalf.

CoreCommerce does not intend to transfer Personal Information without your consent to third parties who are not bound to act on CoreCommerce’s behalf unless such transfer is legally required. Similarly, it is against CoreCommerce’s policy to sell Personal Information collected online without consent.

We are committed to privacy and are actively involved in and support current industry initiatives to preserve individual privacy rights on the Internet. Protecting your privacy online is an evolving area, and CoreCommerce’s Web sites are constantly evolving to meet these demands.

While we cannot guarantee privacy perfection, we will address any issue to the best of our abilities as soon as possible. By using this Web site, you consent to the terms of our Online Privacy Policy and to CoreCommerce’s processing of Personal Information for the purposes given above. Should the Online Privacy Policy change, we intend to take every reasonable step to ensure that these changes are brought to your attention by posting all changes prominently on our web site for a reasonable period of time.

**Last Updated: May 18, 2018**
