> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the corpfire.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151206163657id_/http%3A//corpfire.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | CorpFire

This privacy policy explains what information is collected when you use the Web sites, applications, content and services of CorpFire.com and its affiliated properties (“CorpFire”), why this information is collected, and how we use it to improve your experience. 

CorpFire is provided by Corpboost LLC and its affiliates (“we” or “us”). Your CorpFire information consists of personally identifiable information about you or your company that we collect ourselves or that has been collected or received when you make purchases from us, when you register with us, when you set up profiles to share with others, when you interact with other users on CorpFire, or when you log in to CorpFire as a registered user and interact with CorpFire products and services. Your CorpFire information may include (a) registration-related information (such as your company name/personal name, address, telephone and fax numbers, email address); (b) member profile about yourself that you can share with others; (c) a profile on your business or your profession that you share with others, (d) transaction-related information (such as credit card or other preferred means of payment, or a history of products purchased through us or from us); (e) information about your visits to CorpFire or our other web sites, pages and services; (f) your responses to our offerings and advertisements; (g) information about the features or offerings you use from us; (h) your billing and shipping information; (i) customer service information; and (j) other information specifically related to your use of a particular CorpFire feature or offering. Your CorpFire information may be supplemented with additional information from other companies. 

Your information may be supplemented with additional information from other companies such as publicly available information and other information which we may append or match to your information. 

When you register with us, sign up for an application or service, become a member of a company profile or make recommendations on the service, we use certain information we collect from you (your name, business, and location of your business) to set up a profile on your behalf to share with others, and which information will be available by search to help you promote your business or profession. After you register with CorpFire, you may provide additional member information about yourself (member profile, company profile) and add company profile information/pictures about your business in the My Profile/Members Home area on CorpFire. Such member and company profiles could include, a description of your company/skills, industry or products that either you or CorpFire provided (along with images we feel represent your industry – whether accurate or nor), experience, education and membership in organizations. 

We may offer you services to send invitations via CorpFire or email addresses if they are not CorpFire users in order to connect with others on CorpFire. The names and email addresses of people whom you invite will be used to send your invitations and reminders as well as to allow us to help expand your network. You understand and agree that when you send an invitation to connect to another user, that user will have access to your email address because it is displayed in the invitation. Your connections will also have access to your email address. You may not invite anyone you do not know and trust to connect with you. 

By providing information to us for the purposes of creating your CorpFire account, interacting with CorpFire’s services and features, or adding any additional details to your profile, you understand and agree that we may process information about you and make information about you available to others. In addition, if you post any information about yourself on areas of CorpFire that are publicly accessible, such as message boards or forums, you understand and agree that such information will be available to others.

CorpFire uses **"The Google Places API"** to show reviews on our businesses page (Business Profile Page). These reviews are updated regularly to show the most relevant information.   
BY USING CORPFIRE.COM YOU ARE BOUND BY [GOOGLE'S PRIVACY POLICY](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy). 

Your CorpFire information is used to operate and improve the features, offerings and content presented to you by us; to personalize the content and advertisements provided to you; to fulfill your requests for products, programs, and services; to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries; to conduct research about your use of our products; to share information about you and your business; to communicate with other users and business contacts; and, to help offer you other products, programs, or services that may be of interest or relevance to you. 

Your CorpFire information will not be shared with third parties for marketing purposes unless it is necessary to fulfill a transaction you have requested, or in other circumstances in which you have given your consent to the sharing of your CorpFire information to affiliates, partners, agents or other parties whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you. Since CorpFire is design to help companies and business professionals network with others, CorpFire is designed so that certain information about you and your business is available to others on CorpFire and via search engines, including, your company name and location in order to help you communicate with companies and business professionals. As we explain below, you can add, enhance, modify or delete what information is made available to others by editing your profile on CorpFire. We may use your CorpFire information to present offers to you on behalf of business partners and advertisers. 

The contents of your online communications, as well as other information about you as a CorpFire user, may be accessed and disclosed in response: to lawful governmental requests or legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena), in other circumstances in which we have a good faith belief that a crime has been or is being committed by a user, that an emergency exists that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person, when necessary either to protect our property, or for us to render the service you have requested. 

In the event that our ownership was to change as a result of a merger or acquisition by another company or any other change, your CorpFire information may be transferred. 

Regarding your profile on CorpFire, you have the following choices:

  * You may review, enhance, add, change or delete editable information on your profile.
  * You may remove all information about you and your business by cancelling your account.



We will use commercially reasonable efforts to block access to your information upon termination of your account; however, you understand and agree that certain information may be retained by us as part of our standard backup and archiving process. Any e-mails that you receive that contain marketing promotions may provide an option to remove your name from future mailings; provided, however, you understand and agree that this exclusion does not apply to notices we provide you about your CorpFire services.

We may place "cookies" on your Web browser. Cookies are small pieces of information or text files that a website sends to your computer for record-keeping purposes, which information is stored in a file on your computer's hard drive. Cookies make Web surfing and browsing easier for you by saving your preferences so that we can use the saved information to facilitate and improve your use of CorpFire. Please note that you will not be able to access and use all of CorpFire's features if you delete or refuse to accept cookies. For example, without cookies, you will not be able to set certain personalized preferences, and/or you may have difficulty completing transactions on CorpFire.

Also, we, and certain third party companies under agreement with us, may deploy cookies, pixel tags, web beacons or similar technologies to collect and assemble non-personal, demographic, behavioral and technical information about the use of CorpFire from our users in order to group such users that share a common interest into general interest categories (collectively, “Audience Segment Cookies”). Such Audience Segment Cookies, which do not identify you personally, may be placed when you access CorpFire, share content from CorpFire, when advertisements are presented on CorpFire, and/or when you respond to advertisements or other offerings on CorpFire. We and these third party companies may use such non-personally identifiable information in combination with your visits to CorpFire and other sites in order to present advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you, to measure the effectiveness of CorpFire and advertisements, and to help predict the characteristics and preferences of our audiences and the audiences of our third party companies. We may share certain information about you as a user that is not personally identified to you (such as user industry and position) with certain advertising network providers in order to help them deliver more relevant advertisements through their ad networks. The use of cookies by ad network providers is subject to their own privacy policies. 

We make available a secure page for entering sensitive information, protected by industry-standard SSL encryption technology. This technology encrypts your information prior to transmitting it over the Internet. 

We maintain the confidential information you provide us in a secure database. We further require credentials such as a user identification (e.g., email address) and password to limit access to registered accounts. Please keep in mind that while we have established safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of you CorpFire information, we cannot guarantee that your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy (for example, in the event of unauthorized acts by third parties that violate applicable law or our policies).

If you have further questions or concerns that have not been addressed in this statement, please send your inquiries to:   
[admin@corpboost.com](mailto:admin@corpboost.com) Please be sure to include your name, address and daytime phone number so we can contact you.

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this Policy periodically. You may be provided other privacy-related information in connection with your use of offerings from us as well as for special features and services not described in this Policy that may be introduced in the future. 
