> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sweetgreen.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141216084607id_/http%3A//sweetgreen.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy policy | sweetgreen

**privacy policy  
****last revised: June 24, 2013**

Sweetgreen, Inc. (“ **Company** ”) is committed to protecting your privacy. We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the Personal Data (as defined below) we collect from users of our website, located at www.sweetgreen.com (collectively, the “ **Site** ”) and online services (“ **Services** ”). However, this Privacy Policy does not address your use of our mobile application, which is operated by SCVNGR, Inc., doing business as LevelUp. Information collected through our application will be separately collected by LevelUp and will be governed by LevelUp’s privacy policy at <https://www.thelevelup.com/privacy>.

If you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations to us, please contact us at the following address or phone number: Sweetgreen, Inc., _Attn_ : _Rose Holmes_ , 829 7th St NW, 3rd Floor, 202-525-2077.

**A Note About Children.** We do not intentionally gather Personal Data from visitors who are under the age of 13. If a child under 13 submits Personal Data to Company and we learn that the Personal Data is the information of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible. If you believe that we might have any Personal Data from a child under 13, please contact us at [info@sweetgreen.com](mailto:info@sweetgreen.com).

**A Note to Users Outside of the United States. If you are a non U.S. user of the Site, by visiting the Site and providing us with data, you acknowledge and agree that your Personal Data may be processed for the purposes identified in the Privacy Policy. In addition, your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of Personal Data may be less stringent than the laws in your country. By providing your data, you consent to such transfer.**

**1.** **Types of Data We Collect.** So we are clear in this Privacy Policy, **** when we use **“Personal Data”,** we mean data that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing data. **“Anonymous Data”** means data that is not associated with or linked to your Personal Data; Anonymous Data does not, by itself, permit the identification of individual persons. We collect Personal Data and Anonymous Data, as described below.

_Personal Information You Provide to Us_ **.**

We may collect Personal Data from you, such as your first and last name, gender, e-mail and mailing addresses, gender, and password when you create an account for our Services (“ **Account** ”). We retain information on your behalf, such as past orders through your Account. When you place an order on the site to pick up in one of our stores, we collect information necessary to process your order. However, all credit card information on the Site or Services is processed by service providers, and we will not have access to or see your credit card information as part of such transaction.

If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply. We may also collect Personal Data, such as at other points in our Site that state that Personal Data is being collected. If you tell us where you are, we may store and use that information to provide you with location-based information.

_Information Collected via Technology._

  * Information Collected by Our Servers. To make our Site and Services more useful to you, our servers (which may be hosted by a third party service provider) collect information from you, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol ( **“IP”** ) address (a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet, which may vary from session to session), domain name, and/or a date/time stamp for your visit.
  * Log Files. As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider ( **“ISP”** ), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around the Site, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Services to our users’ needs. For example, some of the information may be collected so that when you visit the Site or the Services again, it will recognize you and the information could then be used to serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. Except as noted in this Privacy Policy, we do not link this automatically-collected data to Personal Data.
  * Cookies. Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information. **“Cookies”** are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the website. We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site. This type of information is collected to make the Site more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.
  * Google Analytics. We use Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the Site. Google Analytics uses Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Site, what pages they visit, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics only to improve our Site and Services. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Site, rather than your name or other personally identifying information. We do not combine the information generated through the use of Google Analytics with your Personal Data. Although Google Analytics plants a persistent Cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Site, the Cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to the Site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use and the Google Privacy Policy.



_Information Collected from Third Party Companies._ **** We may receive Personal and/or Anonymous Data about you from companies that provide our Services, including LevelUp, the provider of our mobile application. These third party companies may supply us with Personal Data. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our Site and Services.

**2.** **Use of Your Personal Data.**

In general, Personal Data you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better. We use your Personal Data in the following ways:

  * Administer your Account;
  * Fulfill your orders, including by communicating them to our local stores;
  * Provide you with Services and customer support;
  * Tailor the features of the Site or Services to you;
  * Respond to your requests, resolve disputes and/or troubleshoot problems;
  * Verify your compliance with your obligations in our terms of use and/or other agreements you may have executed with us; and
  * Communicate with you about the Site and the Services.



We may create Anonymous Data records from Personal Data by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. We use this Anonymous Data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve Site navigation. We reserve the right to use Anonymous Data for any purpose and disclose Anonymous Data to third parties in our sole discretion.

**3.** **Disclosure of Your Personal Data.** We disclose your Personal Data as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.

  * **Third Parties Designated by You.** When you use the Services, the Personal Data you provide will be shared with the third parties that you authorize to receive such information.
  * **Third Party Service Providers.** We may share your Personal Data with our third party service providers that help us provide Services that we offer you through our Site and/or Services.
  * **Affiliates**. We may share some or all of your Personal Data with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (“ **Affiliates** ”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
  * **Corporate Restructuring.** We may share some or all of your Personal Data in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets. In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, Personal Data may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the Personal Data collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Data as described in this Privacy Policy.
  * **Social Networking Sites.** Some of our Services may enable you to post content to SNSs (e.g., Facebook or Twitter). If you choose to do this, we will provide information to such SNSs in accordance with your elections. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of those websites and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party provider of such SNSs. We will not be responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such SNSs; (ii) the content, products or services on or availability of such SNSs; or (iii) your use of any such SNSs.
  * **Other Disclosures**. Regardless of any choices you make regarding your Personal Data (as described below), Company may disclose Personal Data if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) in connection with any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Company; (c) to protect or defend the rights or property of Company or users of the Site or Services; and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our terms of use.



**4.** **Third Party Websites.** Our Site may contain links to third party websites. When you click on a link to any other website or location, you will leave our Site and go to another site and another entity may collect Personal Data or Anonymous Data from you. We have no control over, do not review, and cannot be responsible for, these outside websites or their content. Please be aware that the terms of this Privacy Policy do not apply to these outside websites or content, or to any collection of your Personal Data after you click on links to such outside websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of every website you visit. The links to third party websites or locations are for your convenience and do not signify our endorsement of such third parties or their products, content or websites.

**5.** **Your Choices Regarding Your** **Information.** You have several choices regarding use of information on our Services:

  * **Email Communications.** We may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our Site or Services. When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices of any updates to our terms of use or Privacy Policy.
  * **Cookies.** If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to accept cookies from our Service for any of the purposes described above, then you can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. Consult your browser’s technical information. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Service or all functionality of the Service. If you have any questions about how to disable or modify cookies, please let us know at the contact information provided below.
  * **Changing or Deleting Your Personal Data.** You may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in your Account by contacting us. If you completely delete all of your Personal Information, then your account may become deactivated. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. Please remember, however, if we have already disclosed some of your Personal Data to third parties, we cannot access that Personal Data any longer and cannot force the deletion or modification of any such information by the parties to whom we have made those disclosures.



**Changes to This Privacy Policy.** This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy at <http://sweetgreen.com/privacy-policy> and we will change the “Last Revised” date above. You should consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
