> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 1x0.info privacy policy that was archived on 2008-09-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080920043806id_/http%3A//www.blackhawktobaccoshop.com/ordercigarettes/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Black Hawk Tobacco, Inc: Cigarette and Tobacco Privacy Policy

Effective **June/01/2005  
**  
**Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:**  
  
  * Our Commitment To Privacy
  * The Information We Collect
  * How We Use Information
  * Our Commitment To Data Security
  * Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
  * How To Access Or Correct Your Information
  * How To Contact Us

  
**Our Commitment To Privacy  
**  
Your privacy is extremely important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.   
**The Information We Collect:  
**  
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Black Hawk Tobacco, Inc. website.   
Order Pages \- On our order pages, you can order products, make comments and ask questions. The types of personal information submitted on these pages are:  
  
  * Name 
  * Address 
  * Email address 
  * Phone number 
  * Age
  * Comments 

  
Contact Page \- On our contact page, you can ask questions and make comments. On this page, we collect the following information.   
  
  * Name
  * Email address
  * Comments

  
Newsletter \- On our newsletter page and our home page, you can subscribe to our newsletter. On these pages we collect the following information:  
  
  * Name
  * Email address 

  
**The Way We Use Information:**  
Order Forms   
  
  * We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. Your payment information is not stored in an on-line data bank. All orders are printed on paper and processed off-line. Neither your payment method nor your payment information can be accessed via the Internet at anytime.
  * We do not share your information with any third party. We are a family run business owned entirely by Fred McAllister, a member of the Sac and Fox Nation of Oklahoma. We do not have any affiliations with third parties or organizations. We do not employ non-family members. All of your information is stored for our exclusive use only.
  * We do not sell your information to data mining corporations, mass mailing lists, bulk mailing companies, nor any other type of organization, company or agency.
  * The entire web site is designed, programmed, and maintained exclusively by the Black Hawk Tobacco, Inc. We do not use outside programmers nor design agencies. None of your data is ever processed by anyone other than ourselves.
  * We do not share your information with anyone at anytime nor for any reason.
  * We do not use your order information for any other purpose other than completing your order. 

  
Newsletter Forms   
  
  * We use the information provided to complete the delivery of our monthly customer newsletter. 
  * Your name and Email address is stored in an off-line data bank.
  * No other information about you is stored in this data bank. No records of whether you are an active customer not whether you have ever ordered with the Black Hawk Tobacco, Inc. are stored in this data bank.
  * This data bank is maintained by the Black Hawk Tobacco, Inc. and is connected to the Internet once a month to complete delivery of the newsletter.
  * No outside company or organization assists in mailing the newsletter and therefore we are the only party that has access to our newsletter mailing list.
  * We use your information solely to send you the [newsletter](http://newsletter.blackhawktobaccoshop.com/newsletter.htm).
  * You may unsubscribe simply by sending an Email to any Black Hawk Tobacco, Inc. Email address (for example, newsletter@blackhawktobaccoshop.com) or by simply returning the the newsletter with the words "Unsubscribe" in the heading or body of the Email. 

  
Contact Form   
  
  * We do not store any information sent to us via the contact form.
  * We do not archive any information sent via the contact form. 

  
The Subjex CSR: Customer Service Representative   
  
  * The Customer Service Representative (CSR) allows us to automatically answer common questions while we are not physically present nor able to do so.
  * This is an automated program provided by the Subjex Corporation for a fee paid by the Black Hawk Tobacco, Inc. as a service for our customers.
  * As far as we know, the Subjex Corporation does not archive information sent to the Black Hawk Tobacco, Inc. through this program.
  * All private information is deleted from the CSR archives.
  * All questions are added to the CSR's memory in order to improve its future response. For example, if you write, "My name is Jane Doe in New York. What is the price of Seneca cigarettes?" We would delete the first part of your comments from the program. The second part will however be added to the program's memory.
  * We do not use any information provided by you for any other purpose.
  * All information is used exclusively to enhance the CSR experience. 

  
**Our Commitment To Data Security**  
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. These procedures include:   
  
  * Secure data transmission through [GeoTrust](http://www.geotrust.com/) 128 bit SSl Encryption.
  * No customer records stored in on-line systems
  * No non-family member employees
  * Security alarms, gates and video cameras at our "Brick and Mortar" store to prevent physical break ins.

  
**Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:**  
  
  * We do not collect any information about children. We do not sell any of our products to minors.

  
**How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information**  
  
  * Because we do not maintain on-line records, it is not possible for you to access your customer information.
  * If you must correct your information, you must contact us directly.

  
**How To Contact Us**  
  
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-877-448-6222 or send us an email at [info@blackhawktobaccoshop.com](mailto:info@blackhawktobaccoshop.com). 
