> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cnbcafrica.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180903072453id_/https%3A//www.cnbcafrica.com/privacy-policy-terms-of-use) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy & Terms of Use - CNBC Africa

**PRIVACY POLICY**

ABN Digital shares your concern about the protection of your personal information online. This is our Privacy Policy regarding the information we collect. Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If changed, we will post an updated Privacy Policy on this page.

This Privacy Policy describes the types of information collected from you, what we do with it, with whom we share it, and how you can correct or change such information. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy carefully, especially before providing any personal data through the Site.

 **YOUR USE OF THIS SITE SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO SUCH PRIVACY POLICY.**

COLLECTING USER DATA

PERSONAL DATA: Personally Identifiable Information (“Personal Data”) is any information that can be used to identify a specific individual, such as your name, email address, home address, phone number and credit card information. This Site collects Personal Data when you interact with the Site, for example when you register for our Subscription Services, including without limitation, to become a user, member or premium subscriber of the site, subscribe for newsletters; register for membership services such as chat rooms or message boards; participate in chat rooms, blogs or other user forums; respond to polls or surveys; purchase merchandise via the Site; register for sweepstakes, contests and other promotional opportunities; or seek help from our customer service departments. We also may collect information when you purchase products or services offline, or register for wireless services via your cell phone or other wireless devices (”Other Services”). Because providing detailed information regarding our privacy policy when you register or provide information in connection with these Other Services often proves impractical, you may instead be provided with a short notice that reminds you to refer to this Privacy Policy and other relevant information from us. We may also obtain Personal Data from reputable third parties, such as credit agencies.

AGGEREGATE AND ANONYMOUS DATA: Aggregate and anonymous data are information collected automatically through the operation of the Site (“AA Data”). We may collect site usage data (such as which Site pages you visit and in what sequence) through the use of various technologies. For example, we collect IP addresses from individuals who visit the Site. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you’re surfing the Web. Web servers, the computers that “serve up” Web pages; automatically identify your computer by its IP address, and when you request a page from a website, its servers log your IP address. We do not link IP addresses to any Personal Data, so although your session will be logged, you will remain anonymous to us and the Site. We may also collect password information from you when you log in, as well as computer and connection information such as browser type or version. During some visits, we may use software tools, such as Javascript, to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, time spent on certain pages, page interaction information, and methods used to browse away from the page.

USE OF COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES:

Like many sites, we use “cookies” or other similar technologies to collect AA Data. A cookie is a small data file that writes to your hard drive for record keeping purposes when you visit the Site. Cookies allow the Site to measure traffic activity on the Site and to improve your user experience, for example by remembering your passwords and viewing preferences, allowing you to visit “member only” portions of the Site without re-registering, and tracking the progress and number of entries in activities that require registration or entry, such as sweepstakes. Similarly, if you have asked us to send you information about upcoming products and promotions, using cookies we collect information about which Site pages you have visited and in what order (“Clickstream Data”) that may allow us to narrow or limit the materials provided to you based on your prior online activities or preferences. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you can set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent, but it is possible that some parts of the Site will not function properly if you do so.

In addition, we may use a service that collects data remotely by using so-called “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs” or similar means (collectively, “Pixel Tags”) embedded in the Site’s content. A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel (1×1), that is ordinarily not visible to Site visitors and may be associated with cookies on the visitors’ hard drives. This information is anonymous data.
