> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dbrand.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180313150745id_/https%3A//dbrand.com/about/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy » dbrand

## About Our Privacy Policy

d-brand inc. (hereinafter "d-brand", "we", "us", "our") respects and protects your privacy online. As part of this commitment, we have prepared this Privacy Policy to set out the manner in which we collect, use, disclose and otherwise manage the personal information of our customers. This Privacy Policy applies to our privacy practices on our website located at [www.dbrand.com](http://www.dbrand.com/) (the "Website") as well as other interactions with our customers.

## Collection & Use of Personal Information

We may collect personal information when you visit or register on our Website; purchase one of our products; sign-up to receive our emails or other marketing communications; use the refer-a-friend feature on our Website; or contact us with a comment, question or complaint. Account Registration & Product Purchases: You do not have to register to browse our Website. When you purchase a product through our Website you must register and create an account. To create an account we collect your name, address, phone number, billing information (such as your credit card information) and a password that you select. We use this information to process and administer your payment and deliver the products requested. We also collect your email address, which we use to confirm your order and send you information about your purchase. In special cases we may need to contact you via phone or postal mail if we have additional questions regarding your order. Marketing Communications: From time to time, we may obtain your consent to send you marketing or promotional communications about our products, services, promotions or events that may be of interest to you. If you wish to withdraw your consent for such communications, you may do so by following the “unsubscribe" instructions provided in our emails or by contacting us at the information set out below.  
Refer-a-Friend: The "Refer-a-Friend" and other similar features on our Website permit you to send email to friends and family. This feature may require you to submit your name and email address, as well as the email address of your friend or family member. If your friend or family member purchases a d-brand product, you may receive a credit towards a future purchase. See the Terms of Sale for details. We do not use the names or email addresses submitted in these circumstances for any purpose (other than to administer this program) without your consent or that of the email recipient.  
Customer Service: When you contact us with a comment, question or complaint, you may be asked for information that identifies you (such as your name, address and a phone number) along with additional information we need to help us promptly answer your question or respond to your comment or complaint. We may retain this information to assist you in the future and to improve our product and service offerings.

## Disclosure of Personal Information

d-brand will not disclose, trade, rent, sell or otherwise transfer your personal information, without your prior consent, except as otherwise set out herein or as required or permitted by law. Service Provider Arrangements: We may transfer (or otherwise make available) your personal information to our affiliates and other third parties who provide services on our behalf. For example, we may use service providers to authorize and process payments or host our Website. Your personal information may be stored and processed in the United States or other jurisdictions by our third party service providers. Our service providers are not authorized to use or disclose personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf (such as assisting us in processing and fulfilling your order) or as otherwise required by applicable law. If your purchases are being shipped to you, we will share your shipping information on a confidential basis with our delivery service providers (Canada Post, or other delivery companies we or you select). Our delivery service providers are prohibited from using your personal information for any purpose other than making the delivery. Sale of Business: We may transfer any information we have about you as an asset in connection with a merger or sale (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving all or part of d-brand or as part of a corporate reorganization or other change in corporate control.

_Legal:_ Please note that d-brand and its service providers must provide your personal information in response to a search warrant or other legally valid inquiry or order, or to an investigative body in the case of a breach of an agreement or contravention of law, or as otherwise required by applicable law. We may also disclose personal information to assist us in collecting a debt owed by you, or otherwise where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.

## Website Information

Visiting our Website: In general, you can visit our Website without telling us who you are or submitting any personally identifiable information. However, we collect the IP (Internet protocol) addresses of all visitors to our Website and other related information such as page requests, browser type, operating system and average time spent on our Website. We use this information to help us understand our Website activity and to monitor and improve our Website.  
Cookies: Our Website uses a technology called "cookies". A cookie is a tiny element of data that our Website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive so we can recognize you when you return. We use cookies on the pages on our Website where you are prompted to log in. If you have registered with our Website, these cookies help us identify you and may be necessary to provide you with products or services you request. Cookies may also provide us and our service providers with information that we will use to personalize our Website in accordance with your preferences. You may set your Web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. However, if you decide not to accept cookies from our Website, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the features of our Website.  
Third party links: Our Website may include links to third party websites that may be of interest to you. d-brand provides links to third party websites as a convenience to the user. The inclusion of any link does not imply d-brand's endorsement of any other company, its websites, or its products and/or services. These linked websites have separate and independent privacy policies, which we recommend you read carefully. We have no control over such websites and therefore have no responsibility or liability for the manner in which the organizations that operate such linked websites may collect, use or disclose and otherwise treat your personal information.

## Security of Personal Information

We have implemented measures in an effort to safeguard the personal information in our custody and control, including only providing access to personal information to employees and authorized service providers who require such information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We have implemented reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification and disclosure of personal information in our custody and control.

In addition, online access to certain personal information may be protected with a password. We strongly recommend that you do not disclose your password to anyone. d-brand will never ask you for your password in any unsolicited communication.

We have personal information retention processes designed to retain personal information of our customers for no longer than necessary for the purposes stated above or to otherwise meet legal requirements.

## Access to Personal Information

You have the right to access, update, and correct inaccuracies in your personal information in our custody and control, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law. You may update certain of your account information by logging on to Your Account. You may also request access, updating and corrections of inaccuracies in the personal information we have in our custody or control by emailing or writing to us at the contact information set out below. We may request certain personal information for the purposes of verifying your identity when requesting access to or correction of your personal information records.

## Changes to Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically to reflect changes to our personal information practices. The revised Privacy Policy will be posted on the Website. We will treat your personal information in accordance with the Privacy Policy in place at the time your information was collected, or as you otherwise consent.

Last Update: March 30, 2012
