> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vinted.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-09-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130929155156id_/http%3A//www.vinted.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Vinted Inc. Privacy Policy

**Date of last revision: September 4, 2013**

Vinted Inc. (“Vinted”) is committed to protecting the privacy and security of your personal information.  We want to share with you how we treat personal information about you that we receive in connection with your use of our website and mobile applications (collectively, the “Site”).

Also, please bear in mind that use of this Site is governed by the Terms and Conditions posted on the Site. Any capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms and Conditions. As noted in those Terms and Conditions, although we operate internationally, Vinted Inc. is a company organized under the laws of Delaware.  The servers that host this Site are located in the United States, and any personal details you provide to us will be processed by Vinted in the United States.  Vinted expressly excludes any representation or warranty, express or implied, with respect to the information available on this Site.  Vinted makes no representation about any third-party websites that may be accessed via links from this Site.  By using this Site, you agree that the laws of California, without regard to its conflict of laws principles, will govern all matters between you and Vinted with respect to your use of this Site.  

**Information We Collect**

In general, you can visit our Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself.  However, you should be aware that any sections of this Site (including restricted portions of this Site) that may allow for the submission of personal information (referred to for convenience as “Registration Pages”) may contain a function for collecting various pieces of your personal information, including your name, address, email address, phone number(s), account information and any other information that you decide to provide us with, either directly or via third party services (for example, Facebook Connect)  We only collect your personal information if you voluntarily submit the information to us for such purposes as registering for the use of certain services, completion of surveys, submitting applications for employment, product or service purchases, or requests for information or services.  For your information, through certain technologies employed by this Site we also collect non-personally identifiable information about you.  For more details about this type of data collection, please refer to the section below on cookies and web beacons.

To protect your security and privacy, we require that you (as opposed to a third party on your behalf) enter the personal information that we collect and that the information be current, although Vinted disclaims any legal duty to verify the accuracy of any personal data that you provide to Vinted.  You are free to access the personal information we have on file by contacting our Customer Service department by email at hello@vinted.com.  In addition, at any time you can request that we modify or delete your personal information by sending an email to us at hello@vinted.com with the words “UPDATE MY INFORMATION” in the subject line.  Please be aware that, to protect your security and privacy, Vinted may take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to making changes to your personal information.  For your information, please note that it is our practice to monitor and in some cases record calls for staff training and quality assurance purposes.

**How We Use the Information We Collect and Who We Share It With**

Unless otherwise specified herein, Vinted reserves the right to compile, save, use within the scope of our activities, and analyze any and all data about you (contact and personal data, usage history, etc.) that we collect from you through the Site.  We use the personal information about you that you provide to us for our internal purposes such as responding to your requests for information or materials, delivering newsletters to you, contacting you, assessing your application for a position with Vinted and entities related to Vinted, processing and completing orders, processing your payment, administering your account, and administering and developing our business relationship with you or the company you represent.  We also use your personal information to communicate with you, such as, for example, to provide you with administrative communications regarding your account, newsletters, press releases, or information relating to products, offers, or programs that may be of interest to you.

Vinted has a general policy of not disclosing your personal information to third parties unless you have consented to such sharing.  However, we may share the personal information about you that you provide to us with trusted companies we have hired to provide services for us, such as sending out our newsletters, fulfilling orders you may submit, or collecting and processing information on our behalf.  These companies – our vendors – are contractually bound to use personal information that we share with them only to perform the services we have hired them to provide.  

We may also share your personal information in the event that the business of Vinted is transferred to another entity by way of merger, sale of the company’s assets, or otherwise.  If you consent to sharing of your personal information, we may share your information with Vinted related entities and selected third parties so that they may provide you with or contact you regarding information and materials that may be of interest to you.  Please refer to the section below on opting in and out.

We may also collect and group demographic and preferences information, responses to surveys and other personal information that we collect from you into an aggregate, non-personally identifiable form for disclosure to our existing or potential business partners, affiliates, sponsors or other third parties.  However, please be assured that this aggregate data will in no way personally identify you or any other visitors to the Site.

From time to time, we may collect general, non-personal, statistical information about the use of the Site, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on the Site, how long they stay on that page and which hyperlinks, if any, they “click” on.  We collect this information through the use of “cookies” and other tracking technologies, which are discussed in greater detail below in the section on cookies.  We collect this information in order to determine which areas of the Site are most popular and to enhance the Site for visitors.  As with other aggregated data, we may disclose such data to our existing or potential business partners, affiliates, sponsors or other third parties, but this aggregate data will in no way personally identify you or any other visitors to the Site.

**Children’s Information and COPPA**

We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.  The content of our Site and the products and services available are not intended for, or directed to, children. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access our website at any time or in any manner. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us hello@vinted.com and we will endeavor to remove this information from out files. We recommend that parents and legal monitor their children’s use of the Internet and instruct them never to provide personal information without their explicit consent. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.

**Use of Cookies and Web Beacons**

Like many websites, our Site uses “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer or mobile device’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your login information for future logins to the Site. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by Vinted Users and web traffic routing on the Site. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and Services and then close your browser. Third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site and the Site’s functionality may be limited.

Please note that linked third-party websites may also use cookies.  We cannot control the use of cookies by these third-party websites.  For example, when you link from this Site to a third-party website, that website may have the ability to recognize that you have come from our Website by using cookies.  If you have any questions about how third-party websites use cookies, you should contact such third parties directly. 

We may also employ software technology known as “web beacons” or “clear GIFs” which helps us keep track of what content on our Site is effective.  Web beacons are small graphics with a unique identifier that are used to track the online movements of Internet users.  Web beacons are embedded in the web pages you review, so they are not stored on your hard drive.  The web beacons we use do not track or collect any personally identifiable information about you and they are in no way linked to your personally identifiable information.

**Opting In and Out**

When you submit personal information to us through the Registration Pages on this Site, you may be given an opportunity to opt in to receiving additional information from Vinted, Vinted related entities, and/or selected third parties at the time of submitting your personal information to us.  If you opt in, you may be added to our list of users who will receive communications from us, our partners, and/or other third parties. If you initially opt in to receiving such communications and you later decide that you no longer want to receive them, you may opt out of receiving promotional and marketing communications from us and/or our partners and other third parties by emailing us at hello@vinted.com.

**Links to Other Sites and Site Accounts**

For your convenience, the Vinted Site may from time to time include links to third-party sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy policies, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. 

Site Accounts are pages on certain websites (for example, the Vinted page on FaceBook), where the same information, as in the Site, is provided, because Vinted is the editor of both the Site and the Site Accounts. The Terms and Conditions, this Privacy Policy and other applicable rules published on the Site are binding on and apply to the Users and Visitors of Site Accounts. Users and Visitors should carefully read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of such websites, over which Vinted has no control. Vinted has Site Accounts on the following websites: Facebook, Google+, Twitter, Pinterest, Youtube, and other social networks.

**Security of Information and Disclosures**

Vinted uses industry standard security measures to safeguard information concerning, and submitted by you. Despite the security measures employed by Vinted, you should be aware that it is impossible to guarantee absolute security with respect to information sent through the Internet.

Vinted will, to the extent possible, control your personal information, and, except as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties.  Although we are committed to maintaining the confidentiality of your personal information, if required by law, we reserve the right to disclose such information without first obtaining your consent.

**Changes to the Privacy Policy**

The Site and Services may change from time to time. As a result, it may be necessary for Vinted to make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time. Vinted reserves the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time without prior notice. We ask that you please review the Privacy Policy periodically, and especially before you provide personal information. This Policy was last updated on the date indicated above. Your continued use of this Site subsequent to any modification of this Privacy Policy shall constitute your acceptance of the modified Privacy Policy. If any term or provision of this Privacy Policy shall be found to be invalid, illegal or otherwise unenforceable, such finding shall not affect the other terms or provisions of this Privacy Policy, or the whole of this Privacy Policy, but such term or provision shall be deemed modified to the extent necessary to render such term or provision enforceable, and the rights and obligations of you and Vinted shall be construed and enforced accordingly, preserving to the fullest permissible extent the intent and agreements set forth in this Privacy Policy.  

**Contacting Us**

If you have any questions or concerns relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at [hello@vinted.com](mailto:hello@vinted.com). 
