> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rdlnk.co privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140214021510id_/https%3A//reducelnk.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ReduceLnk - The URL shortener that pays you! Shorten, track and earn.

****Privacy Policy**

Reducelnk.com 

**has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: [www.reducelnk.com. ](http://www.reducelnk.com/)

Information Automatically Logged  
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information to help us better serve you.

**Publishers**

General Rules - These apply to all linking methods:  
\- Do not advertise reducelnk.com links directly on any form of traffic exchange / PTC website.  
\- Do not place reducelnk.com links anywhere that may contain adult material (including advertising).  
\- Do not shrink any website URLs that contain adult material.  
\- Do not offer any incentive for a visitor to click the reducelnk.com link, including gifts/points/cash.  
\- Do not ask/beg people to click on an reducelnk.com link simply to generate you revenue, they must want to visit the destination website.  
\- Do not create 'redirect loops' with similar services (or reducelnk.com) to generate revenue.  
\- Do not create spam with reduce.com links anywhere, including forums / chat / comments / blogs.  
\- Do not participate in click 'rings' where you click on reducelnk.com links in return for others to click yours.  
\- Do not open an reducelnk.com link in a popup / popunder or iframe.  
\- Only the reducelnk.com link must be opened when a user clicks on the link. No other links / windows must be opened.  
\- It is permitted to automatically redirect to an reducelnk.com link only with a HTTP Redirect (unless using one of our preapproved scripts, available on the reducelnk.com website). JavaScript redirect or meta-refresh is not allowed.  
\- If redirecting to an reducelnk.com link, the original link for the purposes of this agreement is classed as the 'ReduceLNK.com link'.  
\- The only legitimate way to open an reducelnk.com link is with a mouse click, on the actual link. *  
\- You may click on your own reducelnk.com links 1 time to test them. You may not create links solely to 'test'. **  
\- We reserve the right to not pay for advert views generated by the owner of the reducelnk.com account, on their own links.  
* Does not apply to the links / views generated by the 'Website Entry Script'  
** Does not apply to the links / views generated by the 'Website Entry Script' and 'Full Page Script'.

Extra Rules for the ‘website entry Script’  
\- Do not advertise any webpage containing our 'Website Entry Script' directly on any form of traffic exchange / PTC website.  
\- Do not place the 'Website Entry Script' on any website that contains adult material.  
\- Do not offer any incentive for a visitor to click the a link that contains the 'Website Entry Script', including gifts/points/cash.  
\- Do not ask/beg people to visit a URL containing the 'Website Entry Script' simply to generate you revenue.  
Visitor Criteria - You will be paid for a visitor that clicks on an reducelnk.com link or views a website containing the Website Entry Script, providing they meet the following criteria:  
\- Must view a paying advertisement, this is any advert other than the default reducelnk.com website.  
\- Must view the paying advertisement for at least 5 seconds.  
\- Must have JavaScript and Cookies enabled.  
\- Must have Adobe Flash installed and enabled.  
If any Publisher is found or reported breaking any of the rules above or below in the detailed Terms and Conditions, their account will be removed and all earnings forfeited.

**Advertisers**

General Rules - The following are not allowed on advertisements displayed on our network:  
\- Popups / Popunders or any windows automatically.  
\- Malware, spyware, exploits, viruses or any malicious code changes the visitors computer in any way.  
\- Cookie stuffing.  
\- Adult content or adult themed website, this is at the discretion of reducelnk.com.  
\- Any form of frame breaking scripts - our reducelnk.com header must remain intact.  
\- Anything related to illegal activity.  
\- A competitors service or anything that may 'trick' the visitor.  
\- We reserve the right to decline any advertisement on reducelnk.com, with a full refund.

If any Advertiser is found or reported breaking any of the rules above or below in the detailed Terms and Conditions, their account will be removed and all advertising stopped.

Visitor Criteria - You will be charged for a visitor that views your advertisement by either clicking on an reducelnk.com link or viewing a website that contains our Website Entry Script, providing they meet the following criteria:  
\- Must view a paying advertisement, this is any advert other than the default reducelnk.com website.  
\- Will view your web page for at least 5 seconds. *  
\- Will not be a proxy server. Unless you have purchased our 'Proxy Traffic' package.  
\- Will be on an IP located in the country that you are targeting.  
\- Will have JavaScript and Cookies enabled.  
\- Will have Adobe Flash installed and enabled.  
\- Will be a unique visitor in 24 hours.

* Providing your website loads in an acceptable timeframe. If you website is down or very slow loading, the user may get the chance to get the Skip Ad button before your site is loaded. You will still be charged for this traffic.  
We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit networkadvertising.org.

Information Collected  
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page and site registrations. The information we collect is used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the below address. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the below address.

Cookies  
We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information.

Security  
We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site.

External Links  
This site contains links to other sites. reducelnk.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.

Enforcement  
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the following email address: support(at)reducelnk.com

Notification of Changes  
If we change this privacy policy, we will post those changes on our home page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circunstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
