> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fallout3nexus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180206172012id_/http%3A//help.nexusmods.com/article/20-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Nexus Mods Site Help

It is important for you to understand how we use the information we gather in regards to your usage of Nexus Mods websites and services. As part of our commitment to continuing service and expansion, as well as promoting a healthy environment for user interaction, Nexus Mods collects, stores, correlates, analyzes, and may disclose various types of data and information with our partners. This document details the nature of the types of data we collect, how we use it, and how we may disclose it.

By using Nexus Mods websites, you acknowledge that you understand and accept the policies described below. If you do not agree with the policies described, please refrain from using our services.

#### Personally-identifying Information

We do not require users to provide any personally-identifying information during general use of our websites. Personally-identifying information you submit to our services is done at your own discretion and by doing so, you are providing consent that this data may be stored, shared, and / or, displayed. We encourage that you use discretion when considering submission of any potentially sensitive information.

For the purposes of processing financial transactions (such as our Supporter and Premium Membership Services), we store names and addresses as obligated by EU tax laws. You may remove these details at any time from within your user area. We do not store any credit card numbers and all data is transmitted to our payment providers using standard website encryption methods. More information regarding the billing process is provided by our financial partners and can be accessed during the transaction process.

#### Usage Statistics Aggregation, Correlation, and Disclosure

Network statistics and browser data that are anonymous in nature such as service providers, IP addresses, browser types, screen resolution, and other non-personally-identifying information is gathered from our users, correlated and analyzed. This information is essential for us in order to provide continuing service, refine user experiences, and expand functionality. We never sell this data. However, by using our services, you understand that this anonymous data may be shared with our partners for purposes of analysis toward refinement of our services. Additionally, you understand that this data may also be shared with the public for informational and promotional purposes.

#### Cookies

We use cookies to uniquely identify you in order to provide personalized features, more convenience, and a better advertising experience. More information about cookies in general can be found at [http://allaboutcookies.org](http://allaboutcookies.org/).

Allowing storage of cookies is recommended but not required.

We are not responsible for cookies generated by our advertising partners.

#### Third Party Services

Certain services we provide may direct you to third-party websites which will have different policies regarding privacy. We are not responsible for these services and encourage you to be aware of the policies involved.

#### Changes to These Policies

We reserve the right to change this document at any time. We encourage you to review these policies periodically.

Last updated on January 19, 2018
