> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the duo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120523031628id_/http%3A//www.duoboots.com/pages/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Leading Retailer of Calf Fitted Boots and Width Fit Shoes

**1\. DUO, together with its Associated Companies (“DUO”) is committed to protecting any personal information that you may provide to us.**   In particular, we believe it is important for you to know how we treat information about you that we may receive from this website.  Please read this Privacy Policy carefully as it explains what information DUO collects about you and how we use your information, including setting out the circumstances where we could provide it to third parties. You should also read the separate [Terms and Conditions of Sale](http://www.duoboots.com/pages/terms_and_conditions/) here.  
**2\. What information do we collect and what do we do with it?**  
In general, you can visit this website without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself.  However, should you choose to take advantage of some of our services and or to buy any of our products, we will collect information about you and your computer during registration.  This information will assist us in delivering the services/products to you. Also:  
2.1 We may use your email address to conduct analyses of user traffic, to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our web site, or to enable selected third parties to provide us with information on the individuals/companies visiting our site.  
2.2 We will use the information which we collect to help us to improve the usefulness and effectiveness of our web site, and to personalise your experience on our web site, to help you log on in future and to continue to the use our web site.  By knowing your preferences we can deliver relevant information that meets your needs and ensures that your visit to our site is quick, easy and productive.  
2.3 As DUO is an international company, there may be occasions where information may be transferred from one country to another.  
2.4 We may use your personal details obtained from you including your email address to respond to inquiries, or to communicate with you through post or email to notify you of new ranges, competitions or special offers. Every subscription based e-mail you receive from us will contain simple instructions for removing yourself from the list.  
**3\. Accessing your information**  
3.1 If you want to access or update any of your personal information held by DUO, you can amend or update your profile online in the My Account section of the website here.  To completing remove your details from our database, or to request cessation of contact from DUO, please contact us at [enquiries@duoboots.com](mailto:enquiries@duoboots.com). Please contact us at [enquiries@duoboots.com](mailto:enquiries@duoboots.com) if you need assistance in relation to your personal information, or if you are having problems modifying your profile.  
3.2 DUO reserves the right to access and disclose personal information to comply with applicable laws and lawful government requests, to operate its systems properly, or to protect itself or its users.  
**4\. Sharing of Information with Third Parties**  
4.1 We may need to pass your personal information to third parties who help us to maintain, administer or develop our web site, if so, that information is only given to those third parties for that limited purpose.  
4.2 From time to time, DUO may pass your details to selected third parties who will help us to provide you with the products and services available on our web site that might be of interest to you.  Such third parties will not use your personal information for any other purpose.  
4.3 If you provide express permission for us to do so when signing up for your account on the DUO website, we may use your data, or permit selected third parties to use your data, to provide you with information about products and services which may be of interest to you and we or they may contact you about these by post, or phone. If you do not provide this permission at the point of account creation, or in your account settings at a later date, we will never use your data in this way.  
4.4 If you are an existing customer, we will only contact you by electronic means (e.g. email or sms) with information about products and services similar to those which were subject of a previous order from you.  
4.5 If you are a new customer, and where we permit selected third parties to use your data, we (or they) will contact you by electronic means only if you have consented to this.  
4.6 If you do not want us to use your personal data for marketing purposes or to pass your details on to third parties for marketing purposes, please tick or untick the relevant boxes situated in the account creation process, displayed to you before placing an order. If you have previously given permission for us to use your data for marketing purposes, and wish to revoke this permission, please use the unsubscribe link within any of DUO’s marketing emails, or contact [enquiries@duoboots.com](mailto:enquiries@duoboots.com) to make this request.  
4.7 If we do disclose personal information to third parties, we will only do so to third parties whom we are satisfied have measures to protect your personal information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy.  
**5\. Your Consent**  
5.1 By utilising this web site you acknowledge and agree that:  
5.1.1 in the course of registering and using our web site and any services/products offered via our web site, certain personal information about you will be captured electronically or otherwise and transmitted to DUO, and potentially to any third parties as set out in this Privacy Policy; and  
5.1.2 we may transfer your personal information from one country to another for processing or use in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  
5.2 By using our web site, you expressly agree to the collection and use of your personal information as set out above for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy.  
**6\. Security of collected information - How does DUO protect your information?**  
6.1 Duo respects the privacy of its customers and is committed to complying with all laws relating to the protection of personal data.  
6.2 To prevent unauthorised access, we follow appropriate security procedures in the storage and disclosure of personal information which you have given to us.  
6.3 Certain areas of our web site are password protected.  You can help to preserve your privacy by never sharing your password with anyone else.  
6.4 Our order processing environment features several widely accepted and endorsed security methods to ensure that transactions, ordering and fulfilment are entirely safe and that all exchange of information remain confidential. Credit cards details are processed through separate merchant services vendors.  
6.5 At DUO we encrypt your credit card information to ensure your orders remain private and protected as they travel across the internet. We accept orders only from web browsers that permit communication through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. This protects you from inadvertently placing an order through an unsecured connection.  
6.6 Your payment details are always held in an encrypted format. If you have any questions regarding our credit card security policies contact us on at [enquiries@duoboots.com](mailto:enquiries@duoboots.com)   
**7\. What are ‘Cookies’ and how do we use them?**  
7.1 Our web servers, as with many others, attempt to place a small data file (known as “cookie”) in order to expedite your navigation throughout the website or to enable you to return to a purchase if disconnected.  
7.2 We may use cookies to store any personal information for any promotional or marketing purposes. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, and we also use cookies to assist us in providing relevant advertising to previous visitors of the DUO website and to help advertisers and publishers to serve and manage DUO-related adverts across the web. In this way, we use cookies to display a particular advert to a particular visitor based on that visitor’s past browsing activity on the DUO website.  
7.3 A “cookie” is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. The information stored will make your usage of our web site easier and faster because it allows you to use our web site without having to re-enter information on each visit. Cookies also maintain the visitor’s identity while at our web site so you need only log in once. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance.   
7.4 If you prefer not to accept cookies, you can set your browser to reject them or to alert you before one is placed. The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. You can also get useful information on what cookies are and how to control your browser’s cookie settings at the following website: [http://www.aboutcookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/).   
**8\. Server logs**  
Like most Web sites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These “server logs” typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.  
**9\. External Links**  
DUO’s website may contain links to other sites. We try to link only to sites that share our high standards and respect for privacy, we are not responsible for the content, security, or privacy practices employed of any third party’s websites.  
**10\. Changes to Privacy Policy**  
We reserve the right to add to or change the terms of this Privacy Policy at our sole discretion, without prior notice to you. If we change this Privacy Policy, we will post the new Privacy Policy on our web site, and it will become effective from the time of posting to our web site.  Please visit our website on a regular basis to make sure you have read the latest version of our Privacy Policy and you understand what we do with your personal information.  Whenever possible, we will give you notice of any changes prior to their implementation.  Your continued use of our web site following the posting of changes to these terms means that you consent to those changes.  
**11\. General**  
"Associated Companies" means any parent, subsidiary company or affiliate of Elitehill Trading Limited, which trades as DUO.
