> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jhoos.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060619040201id_/http%3A//www.jhoos.com/privacypolicy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Jhoos Privacy Policy

**Privacy Policy  
**   
Jhoos is respectful of privacy concerns of the visitors to its sites on the Internet. Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we treat individual customer information as confidential. As a general policy, no personal information is automatically collected from visitors to this site. However, certain non-personal information about visitors is recorded by the standard operation of Jhoos Internet servers. This information is primarily used to provide an enhanced online experience for the visitor. Information tracked includes the type of browser being used by the visitor (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer, Firefox and other Mozilla flavors), the type of operating system (e.g., Macintosh, Windows) in use by the visitor and the domain name of the visitor's Internet service provider (e.g., Yahoo, MSN, America Online, etc.). By having this information, web pages optimized for a particular visitor's computer may be automatically made available to that visitor. Other use of this information may include internal review of the number of visitors to this site, but only in aggregate and in a non-personally-identifiable form. Email addresses and other personally identifiable data about the visitor to this site are known to Jhoos only when voluntarily submitted by the user.

When you sign up for or inquire about Jhoos services, you may provide us with information that is associated with your personal identity, such as your name, service address, telephone number(s), social security number or driver's license number, premium service subscription information, user IDs, passwords, email address, billing and payment information, customer correspondence and communications records, maintenance and repairs, and other service-related information. To the extent that you request or subscribe to Jhoos products and services, you may also provide (or we may electronically collect) information about your computer, as well as your configurations. We may also collect Information from visitors or customers who respond to e-mail surveys. All personal information that we collect is treated as confidential.

Use of IP Addresses  
An IP address is a unique sequence of numbers that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are connected to the Internet. Web servers - - the public computers that "serve up" Web pages - - automatically identify your computer by the IP address which you have been assigned.

Jhoos collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information, and to audit the use of our site. When guests request pages from Jhoos sites, our servers log the guests' IP address. We do not normally link the IP address to anything personally identifiable, which means that a user's session will be logged but the user remains anonymous to us. We can and will use IP addresses to identify a user when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Acceptable Usage Policy or Terms of Service or to protect our service, site, customers, or others.

Some services within Jhoos, such as certain message boards, may display IP addresses along with the message poster's name and message. Please review each service prior to use and only use those that disclose information you are comfortable with sharing.

Use of Cookies  
What are cookies? Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make web surfing easier for you by saving your preferences while you are at our site. We never save passwords or credit card information in cookies.

By showing how and when a guest uses a site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies. We use the information from cookies to provide services that are tailored to our user's needs.

While these activities may depend on the use of a cookie, visitors to the Jhoos website always have the option of disabling cookies via their browser preferences. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. Use of cookies allows you to take full advantage of Jhoos.com's best features. Please note that some of the parts of Jhoos.com's web site may not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies and, for all of these reasons, we recommend that you leave them turned on.

Security  
The importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our guests is of utmost concern to us. We exercise great care in providing secure transmission of your information from your PC to our servers. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, Jhoos cannot insure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best efforts to ensure its security on all of our systems.

A Special Note to Parents  
Children must get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to Jhoos or anyone else. Jhoos will not knowingly allow anyone under 13 to register with any of its sites, to order Jhoos services or products online, or to access those features that require registration. Jhoos.com does not sell products for purchase by children. We may sell children's products for purchase by adults. Jhoos believes that parents should supervise their children's' online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a child friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children disclosing online - their name, address, and other personal information, without parental permission. For additional information about parental control tools, please consult the "Consumer Assistance" page of the Direct Marketing Association home page (http://www.the-dma.org). 
