> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vamboa.org privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110526054723id_/http%3A//www.vamboa.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | VAMBOA.org

Our privacy policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use, and safeguard the personal information you provide to us, and also to help you in making informed decisions when using our site and our products and services. This Privacy Policy will be updated as needed.

The goal of the VAMBOA is to provide you a resource by providing you with the information, services and product offerings that are most relevant to you. To achieve this goal, we collect two types of information from you when you visit our site: personally identifiable information you voluntarily choose to disclose, and “aggregate information” about your use of our site that is automatically collected when you visit VAMBOA.org.  We will never rent or sell this information to a third party.

**Personal Information You Choose to Provide**

Personally identifiable information refers to information that tells us specifically who you are. Personal information is collected when you voluntarily choose to become a member of VAMBOA.   As a member, you are asked to provide certain basic information such as your name, current email address, and service affiliation.  Further, if you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. Your personal information is used to help us customize the content and layout of our web site so that we may provide you with a smooth and efficient visit. We also use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service, and making available other products and services to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our web site, new services, and special offers we think you will find valuable.

Aggregate information refers to information your computer automatically provides to us and that cannot be tied back to you as a specific individual. Examples include referral data (the web sites you visited just before and just after our web site), the pages viewed, time spent at our web site, browser and platform type (e.g., a Netscape browser on a Macintosh platform), and IP (Internet Protocol) addresses. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you surf the web. When you request a page from one of our sites, our servers log your IP address to create aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers and partners, and for purposes of system administration. This allows these parties to advertise more effectively, and allows you to receive advertisements that are more relevant.

We may release any private information about you that we possess when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce or apply the terms and conditions of our user agreement, Privacy Policy and/or other agreements, or to protect the rights, property or safety of VAMBOA, our site users, or others.

The links on VAMBOA allow you to leave our site. Please be aware that once you leave our site and enter another web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on web sites that have a link to our web site, or any links contained in a linked site, is subject to that web site’s own rules and policies.  VAMBOA is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by these sites, nor the information or content contained therein. We provide these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by VAMBOA. Please read over the rules and policies of these sites before proceeding. If you have concerns about any site that is linked on VAMBOA.org, please contact us.

Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Web site, new services, and special offers we think you will find valuable. If you would not like to receive these notifications, you can remove yourself from these lists at any time through email notification.
