> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ico.gov.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080624065251id_/http%3A//www.ico.gov.uk/Global/privacy_statement.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy statement

## Our use of cookies

The Information Commissioner’s Office website uses Google Analytics to help analyse how users use the site. This analytical tool uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for the ICO.

The ICO will not (and will not allow any third party) to use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to our site. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source as part of our use of the Google statistical analytics tool. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither the ICO nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user.

## Further information about cookies 

The [Interactive Advertising Bureau](http://iabuk.net/en/1/home.html "Opens in new window") (IAB) is an industry body that develops standard and guidelines to support online business processes. Law firm Pinsent Masons maintains the pages of aboutcookies.org, which has answers to some [frequently asked questions](http://www.aboutcookies.org/Default.aspx?page=5). 

## Disabling and enabling cookies

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings on your browser. The IAB site tells you how to remove cookies from your browser. This advice currently comprises the following steps (however please check the IAB site for the latest guidance).

If you are using Microsoft Windows Explorer:

  * open ‘Windows Explorer'; 
  * click on the ‘Search’ button on the tool bar; 
  * type ‘cookie’ into the search box for ‘Folders and files’; 
  * select ‘My computer’ in the ’Look in’ box; 
  * click ‘Search now’; 
  * double click on the folders that are found; 
  * select any cookie file; and then 
  * use the ‘Delete’ button on your keyboard to remove any cookies. 



If you are not using Microsoft Windows Explorer, then you should select ‘cookies’ in the ‘Help’ function for information on where to find your cookie folder.

## Using our search engine

The search engine on this website is designed to be as powerful and easy to use as the popular search engine Google. The search is made possible by a piece of hardware (a search ‘appliance’) supplied by Google that is plugged into our server and continuously indexes the content on our site. All search requests are handled by the appliance and the information is not passed on to any third party (including Google).   


## Links to other sites

This privacy policy does not cover the links within this site linking to other sites. Please read the ICO's [reciprocal linking policy](https://web.archive.org/Home/tools_and_resources/links_and_resources.aspx "Links & resources") for more information. 
