> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the icoke.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2015-02-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150206085016id_/http%3A//coca-cola.ca/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Coke TEMPLATE

**Last Revised: October 27, 2014**

Coca-Cola Ltd., its subsidiaries, and its affiliated and related companies ("Coca-Cola", "we", "us" or "our") recognize that our customers, community members, online visitors and other persons with whom we may interact ("you" or "your") are concerned about their personal information. So we've developed a Privacy Policy ("Policy") that outlines how we collect, use, disclose and protect your personal information. Personal information is information about an identifiable individual, as more particularly described under applicable privacy legislation. This Policy applies to our collection, use and disclosure of personal information in Canada. This Policy does not apply to information about our employees or to information that is not personal information. 

Our websites are controlled and operated by or on behalf of Coca-Cola Ltd. in Canada. The sites are hosted in the United States for The Coca-Cola Company, however this is not intended to subject The Coca-Cola Company to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of Canada or the United States. We encourage you to read this Policy before using any of our websites. Your use of a Coca-Cola website signifies that you agree with all terms of this Policy, so please do not use our websites if you disagree with any part of this Policy. 

**Information We Collect**  
Coca-Cola and its agents and representatives collect personal information in a number of circumstances in the course of its business of developing and marketing its beverage products including soft drinks, water, fruit juices, fruit drinks and hot and cold brewed beverages. Personal information we collect includes:   


  * name, postal address, e-mail address, shipping address, mobile or telephone number, fax number, and other contact information; 
  * mobile carrier and model;
  * opt-in and opt-out to receive marketing materials;
  * security key from image;
  * screen name, password and user id for membership programs; 
  * credit card information required to complete transactions; 
  * your comments, requests and other inquiries;
  * such other information we may collect with your consent or as permitted or required by law.



We generally do not require individuals to provide any personal information in order to obtain access to any of our websites. However, in order to participate in some of the special programs that are offered on the Coca-Cola websites, such as contests, sweepstakes and other promotions, or to register in a membership program, you will have to provide personal information. 

**What We Do With the Personal Information We Collect**  
We generally use the personal information we collect from you for the following purposes:   


  * administering games, contests, sweepstakes, and other promotional activities, including contacting potential winners and delivering promotional awards; 
  * administering membership or other programs;
  * providing "contact us" and comment features and responding to a comment, request or inquiry you have sent to us; 
  * providing the products or services you request including branded or unbranded merchandise offered for purchase online or offline;
  * to offer you the opportunity to purchase branded or other merchandise online or offline;
  * unless you "opt-out" or do not exercise an "opt-in" where available, to offer you email/fax/postal mail/telephone updates and announcements concerning our products and special promotions and to send you information and other materials relating to Coca-Cola and/or Coca-Cola's affiliates' products, services or promotions;
  * to offer promotions using SMS (short message service) and/or MMS (multimedia message service) for mobile phones; 
  * to offer community functions such as chat rooms, instant messaging clients, forums, blogs, message boards, social networks and/or news groups. Please remember that any information you disclose in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information in these forums. Coca-Cola cannot prevent such information from being used in a matter that may violate this Privacy Policy, the law or your personal privacy and safety and is not responsible for the results of such postings;
  * to manage, administer, collect or otherwise enforce accounts;
  * providing warranties for products or services, if applicable;
  * following up with you to determine satisfaction with our products and services and conducting market research;
  * maintaining business records for reasonable periods, and generally managing and administering our business including defending and bringing legal actions;
  * meeting legal, regulatory, insurance, security and processing requirements;
  * for such other purposes to which you may consent from time to time; and, 
  * for such other uses authorized, required or permitted by law. 



**Disclosure of your Personal Information**  
Personal information will not be used or disclosed for purposes other than those for which it was collected, except with your consent or as required or permitted by law or this Policy. 

Coca-Cola discloses personal information in the following circumstances:   
**Strategic Partners:** From time to time, we may enter into a special relationship with another company that is not owned by or affiliated with Coca-Cola. We may share your name, email address and zip code with such third-party strategic partners; however, we will provide you with the opportunity to either opt into or opt out of such sharing when you set up an account and when you log in after we add a new strategic partner. Because these third parties will use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy practices, you should check their websites for information regarding their privacy practices. 

**Affiliates:** If you consent, Coca-Cola may also disclose personal information to our parents, affiliates, or their authorized agents (including those located outside of Canada) so that they may provide you with information or offers relating to products or services that may be of interest to you, for internal audit, management, billing or administrative purposes, including defending and bringing legal actions. In addition, we may provide affiliates or unaffiliated third parties with aggregate information about visitors to our sites. For example we might disclose the median ages of visitors to our websites, or the numbers of visitors to our websites that come from different geographic areas. Such aggregate information will not include personal information of any individuals such as individual visitors to our websites. 

**Service Providers:** Coca-Cola may transfer personal information to outside agents or service providers (including to our affiliates acting in this capacity) ("service providers") that perform services on our behalf, helping us operate our business and this Site. For example, mailing, call center, marketing, information technology and/or data hosting or processing services or similar services for the purposes described in this Policy, may collect, use, disclose, store or process personal information on our behalf for the purposes described above and in this Policy. These service providers may be located outside of Canada (including in the United States) and your personal information may be collected, used, disclosed, stored and processed in the United States or elsewhere outside of Canada for the purposes described in this Policy. We take reasonable, contractual, and other measures to protect your personal information while processed or handled by these service providers. These measures are subject to legal requirements in Canada, the United States and other foreign countries applicable to these service providers, for example, lawful requirements to disclose personal information to government authorities in those countries. Other U.S. or Canadian sites or, from time to time, certain activities on U.S. or Canadian sites might be governed by different privacy practices from those set forth in this policy. We encourage you to check the privacy practices of each Canadian or U.S. site that you visit. This Privacy Statement does not govern the collection of information by third parties. 

**Business Transactions:** Personal information may be used by Coca-Cola and disclosed to parties connected with the proposed or actual financing, securitization, insuring, sale, assignment or other disposal of all or part of Coca-Cola or our business or assets, for the purposes of evaluating and/or performing the proposed transaction. These purposes may include, as examples: 

  * permitting those parties to determine whether to proceed or continue with the transaction 
  * fulfilling reporting, inspection or audit requirements or obligations to those parties 



Assignees or successors of Coca-Cola or our business or assets may use and disclose your personal information for similar purposes as those described in this Policy. We may also share your personal information in the event of a transfer of ownership, assets or a bankruptcy of Coca-Cola, or if necessary to protect the interests or safety of Coca-Cola or other visitors to this site. 

**Legal, Regulatory, and Other Disclosures:** Coca-Cola may disclose your personal information as necessary to meet legal, regulatory, industry self-regulatory, insurance, audit, and security requirements, and otherwise with your consent or as permitted or required by law including compliance with warrants, subpoenas or other legal processes (including as required by applicable Canadian and foreign laws applicable Coca-Cola or our agents and service providers, and including lawful requirements to disclose personal information to government authorities in those countries). 

**Forums:** Coca-Cola may make available services on its websites (for example, message boards, forums, comment functionality and chat functionality, among other services) to which you are able to post information and materials. Please note that any information you disclose through these services becomes public information, and may be available to visitors to the Site and to the general public. In addition, when you choose to make a posting on these services, certain information (for example, your screen name and your location); will be available for other users to view. We urge you to exercise discretion and caution when deciding to disclose personal information, or any other information, on the Site. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE USE OF ANY PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU VOLUNTARILY DISCLOSE THROUGH THE SITE. 

**Your Consent**  
Consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information may be given in various ways. Consent can be express (for example, by checking a box on a registration form that describes the intended uses and disclosures of personal information) or implied (for example, when you provide your telephone number so that we may respond to your inquiry). You may provide your consent in some circumstances where notice has been provided to you about our intentions with respect to your personal information and you have not withdrawn your consent for an identified purpose, such as by using an "opt out" option provided, if any. Consent may be given by your authorized representative (such as a legal guardian or a person having a power of attorney). Generally, by providing us with personal information, we will assume that you consent to our collection, use and disclosure of such information for the purposes identified or described in this Policy, if applicable, or otherwise at the time of collection. 

You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of personal information at any time, subject to contractual and legal restrictions and reasonable notice. Note that if you withdraw your consent to certain uses of your personal information, we may no longer be able to provide certain of our products or services. Note also that where we have provided or are providing goods or services to you, your consent will be valid for so long as necessary to fulfil the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or otherwise at the time of collection, and you may not be permitted to withdraw consent to certain necessary uses and disclosures (for example, but not limited to, maintaining reasonable business and transaction records, and disclosure to Canadian and foreign government entities as required to comply with laws). 

Coca-Cola collects, uses and discloses your personal information with your consent, except as permitted or required by law. We may be required or permitted under statute or regulation to collect, use or disclose personal information without your consent, for example to comply with a court order, to comply with local or federal regulations or a legally permitted inquiry by a government agency, or to collect a debt owed to us. 

**Personal Information of Minor Children**  
**Important Note to Parents**  
Several portions of our websites are dedicated to brands directed in whole or in part to kids under the age of majority. In communicating with minor children, Coca-Cola is especially mindful of the need to protect their personal privacy. At the present time, we do not knowingly collect personal information from kids under 13 years of age. Where appropriate, Coca-Cola will specifically instruct children not to submit personal information to our websites. Parents should be aware that information that is voluntarily given by children or others in chat sessions, email exchanges, bulletin boards or the like may be used by other parties to generate unsolicited email or other contacts. We encourage all parents to instruct their children on the safe and responsible use of the Internet. We do, however, permit minor children 13 years of age or older but under the age of majority in their home province to communicate with us by e-mail, enter contests, and register for promotions, newsletters, and other similar items. In doing so, your child will be asked to provide parental information confirming your consent for him/her to do so. If the parent permits a minor child's participation in a contest and the child wins, we contact the parent (not the child) for further personal information needed for any prize delivery. 

**Important Note to Children**  
Before providing your name, address, e-mail address, or any other personal information to us, be sure to ask your parents if it's ok. 

**Other Information We Collect Online**  
When you access and interact with one of our websites, we may collect certain information often referred to as "click stream data." Such data may include the type of Internet browser and operating system you are using, the pages and information you accessed on our site, the total time spent on our site, and the domain name of the website from which you linked to our site. Also, where you have previously identified yourself in the registration process as affiliated with a particular business or organization, we may record the fact that a representative of your business or organization visited the site, along with other click stream data concerning that visit. We may associate click stream data with your personally identifiable information while you are actively logged onto our sites, in order to tailor our website to better match your interests and preferences. We will not obtain any click stream data when you are outside our sites, except the domain name of the website from which you linked to our site. 

**Cookies**  
When you view one of our websites, we may store certain information on your computer. This information may be in the form of a small text file called a "cookie" and can help us improve your experience with our websites in many ways. This information stored on your computer's hard drive does not contain any personal information, but enables us to communicate more meaningfully with you. For example, cookies allow us to tailor a website to better match your interests and preferences. Notably, our websites use cookies to help understand which parts of our websites are most popular, where our visitors are going and how much time they spend there. Cookies are read only by the server that placed them, and are unable to execute any code or virus. 

Also, where specific programs associated with our websites require a user ID and password, you have the option of requesting that we save your user ID and password so that you will not have to re-enter that information the next time you access the website. This function is accomplished by the placement of a cookie. With most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. Please be aware, however, that some features and programs of our websites may be unavailable to you if cookies are erased or blocked. Some uses of cookies in connection with our websites may be under the control of unaffiliated entities that the Company retains for the management of certain programs and fulfilment of specific visitor/customer requests. The Company requires these entities to confine their use of cookies to the uses permitted by this Policy. If applicable, we may use a temporary session cookie to enable you to use a shopping basket (where provided). These temporary cookies are deleted when you exit your browser. Another type of cookie can be stored on your computer by your browser. When you log in, this type of cookie tells us whether you've visited us before or are a new visitor. We may use the cookie to help us identify site features, in which you have the greatest interest, so that we can provide more of what you may want. 

**Links**  
The Coca-Cola websites may contain links to the websites of third parties. While we try to only link to websites that share our high standards of decency, fairness and integrity, Coca-Cola has no control over and takes no responsibility for the content, policies or actions of linked websites. The use of linked websites is subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of such websites. Personal information practices on any linked websites are entirely separate from Coca-Cola and are not covered by this Policy. Other websites, which may contain material not suitable for children, may also link to the Coca-Cola websites without Coca-Cola's knowledge or consent. Coca-Cola has no responsibility for the content, policies or actions of these websites. 

**Security**  
Coca-Cola takes reasonable steps to protect the personal information it collects against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, use, copying, modification or disclosure. Personal information is protected using physical, electronic or procedural security measures that are appropriate to the sensitivity of the information in our control. Our security measures are periodically reviewed. You should keep in mind, however, that no network including the Internet is 100% secure and any information disclosed online can potentially be intercepted and used by parties other than the intended recipient. Accordingly, Coca-Cola cannot be responsible for loss, corruption or unauthorized acquisition of personal information provided to its websites, or for any damages resulting from such loss, corruption or unauthorized acquisition. 

Authorized employees, agents and mandataries of Coca-Cola who require access to your personal information in order to fulfil their job requirements will have access to your personal information. 

**Access to and Correction of Personal Information**  
Coca-Cola may establish and maintain a file of your personal information for the purposes described above, which will be accessible through the Privacy Manager, 335 King Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M5A 1L1. If you wish to request access or correction of your personal information in our custody or control, you may write to the Privacy Manager at the above address. Your right to access or correct your personal information is subject to applicable legal restrictions. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. In some circumstances, we may not be able to provide access to your personal information, for example if it contains the personal information of other persons, if it constitutes confidential commercial information, or if it is protected by solicitor-client privilege. If we deny your request for access to, or refuse a request to correct, your personal information, we will advise you of the reasons for this refusal. 

If you wish to make inquiries, including how you can obtain written information and answers to questions about the collection, use, disclosure or storage of personal information and about our policies and practices with respect to service providers outside Canada, or if you have complaints or have other concerns about our personal information practices, you may write to the Privacy Manager, 335 King Street East, Toronto, Ontario, M5A 1L1, send us an e-mail to Coca-Cola.Support@na.ko.com or by clicking on the hyperlink "Contact Us" located on each page of the Coca-Cola websites or telephone us at 1- 800-438-2653. 

**Privacy Policy Changes**  
This Policy is subject to PIPEDA and/or any other applicable privacy laws and our right to amend this Policy from time to time, in our sole discretion. If we make material changes to this Policy, We will notify you by posting an announcement on this website. Changes to this Policy will become effective when those changes are posted to the website. We urge you to request and review this Privacy Policy frequently to obtain the current version, since your continued use of our website following any changes to this Policy will be deemed to constitute your acceptance of such change. 

Any summaries of this Privacy Policy generated by third party software of otherwise are not binding on Coca-Cola, shall not be relied upon in substitute for this privacy Policy, and neither supersede nor modify this Privacy Policy. If we intend to use or disclose personal information for purposes materially different than those described in this policy, we will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals, if necessary, including by revising this Privacy Policy. If you are concerned about how your personal information is used, you should contact us using the "Contact Us" option on our websites or visit one of our websites to obtain a current copy of this policy. 
