> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the icontainers.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161127162312id_/https%3A//www.icontainers.com/us/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | IContainers US

**Last updated: December 8, 2015.**

iContainers USA Inc. has created this website to allow business companies and individuals to quote and book online ocean freight and air freight services with origin or destination to the United States in depending on what customer selects.

iContainers knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly.

The following discloses our Privacy Policy information gathering and dissemination practices for the icontainers.com website or any other content generated by iContainers.

**By visiting, quoting and booking through**[ **www.icontainers.com**](http://www.icontainers.com/) **you agree to these conditions. Please read them carefully.**

Information and cookies

The information collected is used to market and improve the services we offer, to improve our website content and to contact customers or vendors with service updates, technical updates, or for other marketing purposes. All the information from your accounts is private and is only use to improve your experience and provide international transport services.

The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your iContainers’ experience.

When you log in, quote and book in iContainers.com or send e-mails to any iContainers account you consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on your user intranet. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.

You may not use iContainers services for any illegal purpose. We may cease providing any and we may terminate your right to use iContainers at any time. Your rights to use iContainers will automatically terminate without notice from us if you fail to comply with any of these Conditions of Use or any other Service Terms.

Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share customer information only as described below and with subsidiaries, partners or affiliates involved in our service controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice.

We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.

We store Cookies from users in order to personalize and better understand their needs and offer them a better experience using the website. Our site also uses cookies to help us recognize returning customers and better administrate the repeat functionality of our website. The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your experience.

We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of iContainers on other Web sites.

iContainers also receives and stores any information you enter on our Web site in order to fulfill shipment requirements. All these information is only used by iContainers or iContainers suppliers to formally compile with maritime regulations and international trade best practices. This information includes shipping and receiving addresses, product descriptions and the date and time of the shipment. All of this information is required in order to correctly process a shipment request.

Access is restricted by the use of an email address and password by user. Users can change, modify or cancel their data using their intranet or sending and email to [it@icontainers.com](mailto:it@icontainers.com). Customers are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the account and password and for restricting access to their computers, and they agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under their account or password.

Users may check the privacy statement periodically to view any changes or updates. If a customer wants to cancel its account an email to [unsubscribe@icontainers.com](mailto:unsubscribe@icontainers.com) will be required.

**Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions**

If you choose to visit icontainers.com, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our terms and conditions including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Florida. If you have any concern about privacy at icontainers, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the terms and conditions will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account.

Name, address and other information to third parties for the purposes of administering the shimpen and comply with applicable laws, regulations and rules. Any information entrants provide to Company may be used to communicate with entrant in relation to any interaction with icontainers. The information collected from entrants in connection with iContainers will not be used and shared for marketing purposes. The governing shall be the law of the state of Florida and any legal action taken in connection with this must be made in the Circuit Court in and for Miami-Dade County, Florida.

The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of these Official Rules will not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision. In the event that any provision herein is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions will remain in effect. The Company’s failure to enforce any term of these conditions will not constitute a waiver of that provision. Entrants agree to waive any right to claim ambiguity of these Official Rules.

**  Contact**

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact the company at email: [business@icontainers.com](mailto:infousa@icontainers.com)
