> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the icoupon365.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171212135629id_/http%3A//www.icoupon365.com/page/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

We respect our user's privacy and make every effort to protect the privacy of the visitors to iCoupon365.com.   
1\. Site Information & Contact This website is owned and operated by iCoupon365. The administrator for this site can be reached via email at admin@iCoupon365.com. All efforts will be made to respond to any e-mail inquires within 48 hours.   
2\. Information that is collected Information such as domain name, browser type and statistics for pages and deals that are being viewed are collected by this website. iCoupon365.com only uses this information internally to improve the user experience of this site. Information such as e-mail addresses, contact information, comments etc. which is volunteered by visitors is also collected.   
3\. No use by Children We are committed to protecting the privacy of children. iCoupon365.com’s services are not written, intended, or designed for children under the age of 13. We do not collect personal information from any person we actually know is under the age of 13. 4\. Links to other websites iCoupon365.com links to several external sites such as merchants, advertisers, partners and sponsors. When leaving iCoupon365.com to browse other sites, make sure you will review the privacy policy of those sites as it have some difference with iCoupon365.com’s privacy policy. iCoupon365.com is not responsible for the privacy policies of any third party web sites and this privacy policy statement does not apply to those Web sites. iCoupon365.com makes no representation to the accuracy or existence of other websites' privacy policies.   
5\. E-mail addresses iCoupon365.com only collects and stores names and e-mail addresses that are submitted voluntarily by our visitors. The e-mail addresses are used to send out newsletters and other related information and are never shared with outside parties except as detailed in section 9. Providing your e-mail address to iCoupon365 is voluntary and is not required to browse or use this site. If you have previously submitted your e-mail address to ICoupon365 but no longer wish to receive e-mails from us, please send an e-mail to admin@iCoupon365.com and we will promptly remove your e-mail information.   
6\. Financial Information We do NOT collect any kind of financial information from our visitors. Any financial transaction you may enter into is strictly between yourself and the merchant you are purchasing goods or services from. iCoupon365.com will not be responsible or otherwise liable for any use or disclosure of your financial information by such third parties. Please review the privacy policies of the merchants you are purchasing from for more information.   
7\. Cookies iCoupon365.com does not make use of cookies. However, other merchants and organizations that are linked to on this website may set cookies when visiting their sites.  
8\. Data Security iCoupon365.com takes reasonable precautions to keep all personal information secure. There are managerial and physical procedures in place to prevent unauthorized access to data. Please note that due to the open nature of the public Internet, you should consider any communication between yourself and iCoupon365.com as non-confidential as we cannot guarantee that all communication between you and our servers will be completely free from unauthorized access. The only personally identifiable data we store is though limited to names and email-addresses. No other personal data is stored.   
9\. Sharing of Personally Identifiable Data We do not divulge any information collected by us, or volunteered by our users, to any third parties unless; (i) We are required to do so by law, court order or subpoena; (ii) If required to enforce our Terms and Conditions; or (iii) If required to protect our website, trademarks and property.   
10\. Changes to the Privacy Policy iCoupon365.com reserves the right to change and/or amend this privacy policy at any time with and without notice. Any updates will be posted on this page and are effective immediately.   
11\. Your Acceptance Your continued use of this site means that you understand this Privacy Policy and agree to its terms. Your continued use of this site also means that you understand and accept our Terms and Conditions.   
12\. Questions and Suggestions If you have any questions, concerns or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, you can send an email at admin@iCoupon365.com   
13\. Effect of Privacy Policy This privacy policy is not intended to and does not create any contractual or legal rights in or on behalf of any party. As noted above, we may revise this privacy policy from time to time in our sole discretion.   
14. OPT OUT/CORRECTIONS  
Upon your request, we will (a) correct or update your personal information; (b) stop sending emails to your email address;  and/or (c) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account. You can make these requests at the  customer information section, or by telephoning, or emailing your request to admin@iCoupon365.com’s Customer Support  department at admin@iCoupon365.com. Please do not email your credit card number or other sensitive information.

Effective Date June 1st, 2013   
Last Updated on June 1st, 2013 
