> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pokabunga.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160315160709id_/https%3A//www.pokabunga.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for Poker and Rummy Online Games – Pokabunga.com

Players Information & Security 

[](https://www.pokabunga.com/poker)

  * This privacy policy forms a part of the Terms of Use. At PokaBunga.com, our attempt is to offer you a safe, protected and reliable environment to play. PokaBunga.com respects your privacy and thus assures you that any information provided by you to PokaBunga.com is protected and will be dealt with according to this Policy. PokaBunga.com shall not provide, distribute, trade, sell or rent your name, e-mail address or other personal information provided on this site to any third party or information related to your usage of the Website, except as provided in this Privacy Policy.



  * INFORMATION GATHERED
    * To avail the facilities offered on www.PokaBunga.com, you may have to provide certain information to us including your Username, Password and a Valid Email address. Additionally, for those of you who wish to participate in any of the paid tournaments / games / competitions organized by PokaBunga.com, the information that is collected includes Name, Date of Birth, Telephone number, Postal/Contact address, PAN number (as applicable).
    * When you visit www.PokaBunga.com, certain information may also be automatically collected and stored, including the IP address of your computer, browser type and language, the date and the time during which you accessed the site, the address of the website which you may have used to link to www.PokaBunga.com. 
    * When you visit www.PokaBunga.com, cookies may be left in your computer. A cookie is a small text file that uniquely identifies your browser. The cookies assigned by the servers of PokaBunga.com may be used to personalize your experience on www.PokaBunga.com. Moreover, cookies may also be used for authentication, game management and security purposes.
    * Cookies may also be assigned by the advertisers of PokaBunga.com when you click on any of the advertisements which may be displayed on www.PokaBunga.com in which case such cookies are controlled by these advertisers and not PokaBunga.com.
  * HOW 'POKABUNGA.COM' USES THE COLLECTED INFORMATION
    * When you register your email address with PokaBunga.com, you agree to receive email communication from PokaBunga.com, entities specifically authorized by PokaBunga.com and other users. You also agree and acknowledge that when you use our referral program for referring someone, PokaBunga.com will send emails to that person on your behalf and the email headers will carry your email address as the address from which such emails are sent.
    * PokaBunga.com may also use software applications for website traffic analysis and to gather statistics, used for advertising and for determining the efficacy and popularity of PokaBunga.com among others.
    * The data which is transmitted over the Internet is intrinsically exposed to security risks or threats. For instance, information transmitted via chat or email can be compromised and used by others. Therefore, PokaBunga.com cannot guarantee any security for such information.
    * When you register with PokaBunga.com, your account is protected by means of login information which includes a username and a password that is known only to you. Therefore, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your login information including your username and password.
    * PokaBunga.com is not responsible for any activity which is undertaken when your password is used. We suggest you not to disclose your password to anyone. If you become aware of or reasonably suspect any breach of security, including compromise of your login information, it is your responsibility to immediately notify PokaBunga.com.
    * www.PokaBunga.com may contain links to other websites. Such websites are governed by their own privacy policies and PokaBunga.com does not exercise any control over them. It is your responsibility to read and understand the privacy policy of such websites when you follow a link outside www.PokaBunga.com.
    * PokaBunga.com has a policy of not sharing any personally identifiable information with anyone other than entities specifically authorized by PokaBunga.com which may include advertisers and sponsors of PokaBunga.com. However, PokaBunga.com may use your name, Login ID and the state from where you are participating when announcing the results of any contests run on the Website. Such contests are further governed by the [Terms and Conditions](https://www.pokabunga.com/terms-of-service) which shall be available on the website as and when such a contest is run on the website.
    * PokaBunga.com conducts periodic analysis and survey of the traffic to PokaBunga.com for market research and advertising purposes. PokaBunga.com reserves the right to share your registration information with PokaBunga.com appointed market research and advertising companies or firms from time to time for the said purposes. PokaBunga.com may also use cumulative non-personal information for auditing and analysis purposes with the aim of improving its services.
    * Additionally, PokaBunga.com may share personally identifiable information if sharing of such information is necessary to comply with legal processes or governmental request, or to enforce the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, or for prevention of fraud, or for issues involving information security, or to protect your rights or the rights of PokaBunga.com or the rights of the general public.
  * MERGERS AND OTHER EVENTS REQUIRING TRANSFER
    * If we should ever file for bankruptcy, or become insolvent, or be acquired by a third party, merge with a third party, sell all or part of our assets, or transfer substantially all or part of our relevant assets to a third party, We are entitled to share the Personal Information and all other information You have provided through the Services to potential and subsequent business and merger partners.
  * PROTECTION OF CHILDREN
    * The Services are not intended for or directed at persons under the age of eighteen (18). Any person who informs us that his age is eighteen (18) years or above, it is our policy to uncover the services which may require us to access and verify the person's Personal Information. If we become aware that a minor has attempted to or has submitted personal information via the Services, We will not accept this information and will take steps to remove such information from our records in a secure manner.
  * CONSENT
    * By using our website, it is understood that you have given your consent to the collection and use of this information by PokaBunga.com and its partners and affiliates.
    * In order to play real money games, you will be required to send money to and receive money from us. We may use third-party electronic payment processors and/or financial institutions ('ESPs') to process such financial transactions.
    * By accepting this Privacy Policy, You expressly consent to Personal Information necessary for the processing of transactions being shared with ESPs. We take steps to ensure that our arrangements with ESPs protect your privacy.
    * We reserve the right to conduct a security review at any time to validate your identity, age, and registration data provided by you and to verify your use of the Services and Your financial transactions for potential breach of Our Terms and Conditions of Use and of applicable law.
  * CONSENT TO USE OF ANTI-CHEATING SOFTWARE
    * Our software package contains certain features designed to detect use of automated programs that enable artificial (non-human) intelligence to play on our site. Use of such 'bot' software programs violates Our Terms and Conditions of Use, where we deem it detrimental to other players. By installing our software and using the Services, You consent to our software performing the functions described in this section. Our software may perform any or all of the following functions in order to detect the use of illicit automated programs and ensure that we maintain a 'cheat free' environment for all users.
    * Scan your list of active software applications while you are using the services. Scan your list of active processes while you are using the services; and Scan the files in your services and site-related program folders to ensure that only 'non-hacked' versions of our software are being used. If any of the foregoing processes reveals a suspect application or process.
    * Our software may scan the files associated with the suspect application or process and compile a composite mesh (i.e. a profile that characterizes the files associated with the application or process) to be matched against profiles for known illicit automated programs. Our software will not perform any random search of large portions of your hard drive, equipment or files, and it will not transmit any information to us or to any third party other than the information you provide to us.


