> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the poker.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151228230434id_/http%3A//www.poker.com/terms.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Poker.com - Terms

## Privacy Policy

At Poker.com, we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal information. We have created this Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect when you visit the Poker.com web site and online service (collectively, the "Service"), why we collect this information and how we use the collected information. This Privacy Policy is governed by our Terms and Conditions of Use posted at www.poker.com/terms.htm. This Privacy Policy does not govern other Websites that we maintain. By using the Service, you consent to the data practices prescribed in this Privacy Policy. We may periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy that we will include on this page. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy frequently and remain informed about any changes to it, so we encourage you to visit this page often. 

1\. Information Collected. We consider information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, first and last name, credit card information, home or other physical address, email address, phone number or other contact information to be "Personal Information." You may be asked to provide Personal Information when you use our web site, register for an account or to use our services, download our software, correspond with us by email, or provide us with feedback regarding this web site or our products and services. The Personal Information that we collect may include: contact information, shipping information, billing information, transaction history, web site usage preferences, and feedback regarding our products and services. In addition, when you interact with the Service, our servers keep an activity log unique to you that collects the information including: source IP address, time of access, date of access, web page(s) visited, language use, and type of browser used. This is not considered Personal Information. In general, you can visit the Poker.com website without telling us who you are and without revealing any Personal Information about yourself. We do not collect Personal Information about you on the Service unless you voluntarily provide it to us. 

2\. Means of Collecting & Processing Data. We may automatically collect certain data as discussed above and receive Personal Information about you where you provide such information through the Service or other communications and interactions with Poker.com. We may also receive Personal Information from online vendors and service providers that refer you to the Poker.com website. In addition, we may engage the services of third-party service providers to provide technical support,, process your online transactions and maintain your online accounts. We will have access to any information you provide to such vendors, service providers and third-party e-commerce services so that we can process your transactions, maintain your accounts, meet certain business requirements and provide you with promotional offers and information regarding Poker.com and our products and services. We use this Personal Information to process your transactions and support your use of the Service. Subject to clauses 3 & 4 below. This information may be disclosed only to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transactions or in support of your use of the Service. 

3\. Information Use. We use the Personal Information we collect from you to deliver the products and services you purchase, and to provide customer support, to process any of your online transactions, to answer your questions, and for any other purpose related to the operation of the Service and the programs, products and services offered on the Poker.com website. Your Personal Information may also be shared with our affiliates, subsidiaries or agents for technical support and to process transactions you initiate on the Service and deliver the products and services you purchase. From time-to-time, we may request information from you via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary, and, therefore, you have the choice of whether or not to disclose such information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). By accepting any contest prize or winnings from us, you consent to use of your name and likeness for advertising and promotional purposes without additional compensation, except where prohibited by law. Unless you have elected not to receive promotional information, we may also use your Personal Information (including your email address) to provide you with information regarding our products, services and promotions. Personal Information as well as any other information collected on the Service may be disclosed to our staff, affiliates and/or agents so that they can contact you regarding our products, services, or promotional offers, respond to your requests, provide certain services to you and operate the Service. We will not sell, lease or share your Personal Information except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. 

4\. Certain Excluded Disclosures. We may disclose your Personal Information if requested to do so by legal authorities or required to do so by law, or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (1) conform to applicable laws or to comply with any legal process served on us, the Poker.com website or the Service; (2) protect and defend our rights or property; or (3) act to protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public. If we should ever file for bankruptcy or be acquired by a third party, merge with a third party, sell all or part of our assets, or otherwise transfer substantially all of our relevant assets to a third party, we are entitled to sell or share the Personal Information and all other information you have provided through the Service to such third party. 

5\. Access. If you are interested in confirming the accuracy of the Personal Information we have collected about you, or if you would like to update your Personal Information or delete your Personal Information, you may contact us at any time by sending an email to legal@poker.com. If you have any complaint regarding our use of your Personal Information, you may send it through our customer service available by email at legal@poker.com. If requested, we will change any information you have provided to us or mark any information to prohibit future use. You may "opt out" of receiving any promotional communications either by choosing to opt out where such option is made available on the Poker.com website or the Service or in an email you receive from us, or at any time by sending an email to legal@poker.com. 

Cookies. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer when you visit certain web pages that record your preferences. We use cookies to track use of the Poker.com website. We also may use cookies to improve the Service and make it easier for you to use. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Poker.com website. 

7\. Security. We understand the importance of information security and the techniques needed to secure information. We store all of the Personal Information we receive directly from you in a password-protected database residing within our secure network behind active state-of-the-art firewall software. The Poker.com website and the Service support SSL Version 3 with 128 bit encryption. 

8\. Protection of Children. The Website & Service is not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 18. Any person who provides their information to us through any part of the Service represents to us that they are 18 years of age or older. 

9\. International Transfers. Personal Information collected on the Service may be stored and processed in any country in which we or our affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using the Service, you consent to any transfer of information outside of your country. 

10\. Third-Party Practices. We cannot ensure the protection of any information or images that you provide to a third-party website that links to or from the Poker.com website or any information collected by any third party administering our affiliate program or any other program, since these third-party websites are owned and operated independent of us. Any information collected by these third parties is not governed by this Privacy Policy but by the privacy policy, if any, of such third party. If you have questions about a third party's information practices, please read its privacy policy. We assume no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the practices, actions or policies of such third parties, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such websites. 

11\. Legal Disclaimer. The Service operates "AS-IS" and "AS-AVAILABLE," without liability of any kind. We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. Because of the complex and constantly changing nature of our technology and business, we cannot guarantee nor do we represent that there will be error-free performance regarding the privacy of your Personal Information, and we will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to the use or release of Personal Information. 

12\. Consent to Privacy Statement. By using the Service, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy Statement and it supersedes any earlier version. Our Terms and Conditions of Use at http://www.poker.com/terms.htm take precedence over any conflicting provision of this Privacy Policy. We may occasionally update this Privacy Statement. We encourage you to periodically review this Privacy Policy at http://www.poker.com/terms.htm. Your continued use of the Service constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy and any updates. 

Copyright (c) 2007 Poker.com. All rights reserved. 

Poker.com can be contacted by email to legal@poker.com 
