> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pokemmo.eu privacy policy that was archived on 2017-03-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170320021204id_/https%3A//pokemmo.eu/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PokeMMO - Privacy

This privacy policy tells you what to expect when PokeMMO collects personal information. It applies to information we collect about:

  * <http://pokemmo.eu/> and <https://pokemmo.eu/>
  * <https://forums.pokemmo.eu/>
  * All Services related to the Game.



## 1\. Collection of Personal Information

You provide certain personal information to us when you register to use our Services, send e-mail messages, submit forms, and send other information to us, or when you use our services and their communication tools.

### Logging of Chats or other Communication Features

PokeMMO may store all communications exchanged between You and any other person while using the Game's Services. This not only includes "public" messages, but also includes all messages exchanged in private using our Services.

The communication data will be stored by PokeMMO on its own servers which are maintained only by PokeMMO.

PokeMMO's Staff have been advised not to access this communication data unless a breach of the Terms of Service is suspected, when it is necessary to perform development and debugging, or when a User Support request has been made by You.

Communication data is not transferred to any third party under any circumstances unless such disclosure is legally required by law enforcement authorities, a court authority, or other legal processes.

Communication data is stored as long as it is required to provide support and may be used in development or debugging scenarios.   


### Use of E-mail Addresses

Your e-mail address used at the time of Account creation may be used to contact you regarding specific issues related to your Account. You may also receive special promotional notices for Services or Game Content.

### Use of Non-personal Information

In addition to Account-related information, we will automatically collect certain non-personal information about your use of our Site and Services. Please see Section 2 for further information about information collected when you visit our website.

### Personally Identifiable information while using our Services

When you create an Account for PokeMMO's Services, your IP Address (the Internet Protocol Address from which you have created the Account via) and E-mail Address may be stored in our records.

When you use any Service provided by PokeMMO, your IP Address (the Internet Protocol address from which you access any Service provided by PokeMMO), your MAC Address (a uniquely identifiable address assigned to network hardware), and a Unique Hardware ID (a uniquely identifiable identification number which may be generated by our Game Client) may be stored in our records.

When you connect to the Game provided by PokeMMO, your system specifications - such as Operating System, RAM, Video Card, System Configuration, etc. - may be reviewed / recorded by us for the purpose of analysis, optimization of the Game Client, and in order to provide You with User Support.

When you make a donation to PokeMMO, your payment information and transaction is processed by a third party ("Xsolla, Inc."). PokeMMO may store information about donation history and amounts of Reward Points distributed through uniquely identifiable Account information and IP Addresses. PokeMMO does not store any payment information used to complete the transaction initiated by You. Further details about the third party's Terms and Conditions that you agree to when donating to PokeMMO may be found at <http://xsolla.com/termsandconditions/>

## 2\. Cookies and Related Technology

When someone visits [https://pokemmo.eu/](https://pokemmo.eu/tos/) we collect standard internet log information and details of visitor behavior patterns. We do this to find out things such as the number of visitors to the parts of the site. We collect this information in a way which does not identify anyone. We do not make any attempt to identify users who visit our website while not logged in to a PokeMMO Account, and we will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifiable information from any source.

### Use of Cookies by PokeMMO

Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to owners of the site.  
This table explains the cookies we use when you visit PokeMMO and why:

**Company or Software** | **Cookie Name** | **Use/when set** | **Expires in**  
---|---|---|---  
PokeMMO | modtids coppa sfct mqtids anonlogin member_id sfc pass_hash session_id uagent_bypass rteStatus mobileApp | Provides core functionality to the PokeMMO forums. You will likely not have all of these cookies on your computer. | 1-8 years  
Google | __qca __utma __utmb __utmc __utmd __utmv __utmz | Anonymous visitor tracking. You will likely not have all of these cookies on your computer. | 26 years  
Cloudflare | __cfduid cf_retry cf_use_ob civicAllowCookies | To load balance our servers and provide a better service, we sometimes use [CloudFlare](https://www.cloudflare.com/) which sets this cookie. | 7 years  
Gravatar | gravatar __qca | To provide user customization and choosable avatars, we sometimes use [Gravatar](https://en.gravatar.com/) which sets this cookie. | 5-42 years  
  
## 3\. Who collects the personal information

PokeMMO is the company which collects the personal information on our website. Personal information is then processed by PokeMMO and stored on PokeMMO's Servers.

## 4\. How the personal information is used

PokeMMO may use the personal information collected using our Services in order to investigate suspected breaches of the Terms of Service Agreement, provide User Support, and Account Maintenance.

## 5\. Privacy Protections for Children

Our Services are not directed to young children, and PokeMMO does not provide membership for persons under the age of 13. If You are under the age of 13, You may not create an Account for PokeMMO's Services nor may you use any of PokeMMO's Services. PokeMMO will not knowingly collect, maintain, or disclose any personal information from children under the age of 13.

If you are under the age of legal capacity in your country of residence and are above the age of 13, you must have your parent or guardian accept these Terms of Service before giving us any personally identifiable information or using our Services.  


If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered that your child has entered this agreement without your consent, PokeMMO will take reasonable steps to remove personally identifiable information from PokeMMO's servers at your request. To request removal of your child's information, please send an e-mail to legal@pokemmo.eu. Be sure to include in your message the affected Accounts and e-mail addresses used by the child who registered for our Services.

## 6\. Security measures we take to protect loss and misuse of your personal information while under our control

PokeMMO takes reasonable precautions to protect Your information: 

  * When users submit information using our Website, the information is encrypted using Secure Socket Layers ("SSL"). 
  * When interacting with our Servers, the Game Client uses open source cryptographic standards in order to create a secure connection to our Servers. 
  * Account credentials used by You are stored in a non-reversible encrypted manner on PokeMMO's Servers, as defined by open source cryptographic standards. 
  * We use off-site backups, penetration testing, and password protection in order to prevent loss, misuse, or alteration of your personal information. 



If a flaw is discovered in our implementations of securing your personal information which may result in unwanted loss, misuse, or altercation of the personal information, we will attempt to rectify the situation as soon as possible. Users who have discovered flaws in our implementations are asked to responsibly disclose the flaws by e-mailing desu@pokemmo.eu with all applicable details.
