> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the evanescence.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161111150221id_/http%3A//www.concordmusicgroup.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Concord Music Group

Concord Music Group, Inc. ("Concord") cares about your privacy. To better protect your privacy, this notice explains our policies for the collection and use of personally identifiable information provided to us on our website at concordmusicgroup.com. This Privacy Policy applies to data collection and usage on Concord's website and services. Concord will never sell, barter, or otherwise make available your personal information to anyone. We will never send you unsolicited emails. Any correspondence from Concord will be because of your choice to "opt-in" to our newsletters, contests, or to complete a purchase transaction. However, please note that sites which are linked to Concord's website may have different policies; thus, please review the privacy policy notices on those sites for details.

**REGISTRATION**  
Our website collects information from you when you register with us as part of your participation in our online newsletter, contests, or online store. As part of a customer's registration, we may request the following personal information: name, address, email address, telephone number, birth date, demographic information (such as country and gender), and profile data (such as your music preferences and entertainment practices). If you choose to buy any of our products, we will collect the following additional personal information in order to process your transaction: credit card number and billing address. By making a purchase on our website you consent to our providing your personal information to our service providers to process your transaction(s). Additionally, you may choose to register a website username and/or password so that we can communicate with you, provide the services you have requested, and to provide a more personalized experience on our website. Customers are not required to provide us with this information, but if a customer chooses not to, he/she may not be able to participate in some of the activities on our website.

**NEWSLETTERS AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS FROM US**  
Our registered users and customers may request to receive newsletters or other email communications from us and we may also offer other users the opportunity to sign up to receive such information. We may also offer our users the choice of whether to receive mailings from others that we think will be of interest, including but not limited to a sales catalog. Please note that in order to keep our registered users informed about the operation of our services, we may also send emails and announcements that are needed for the proper functioning and administration of our sites and services. Additionally, we have features allowing you to submit information to us (such as when contacting us with a question or feedback). We will retain your emails and other information you submit to us for our internal purposes, and to help us serve you better. Recipients of our mailings can unsubscribe by following instructions that may appear at the end of the email newsletter.COMMUNICATIONS WITH FRIENDSWe may offer features allowing you to send information to others, such as e-cards or "Tell A Friend" features. For example, you might submit your friend's name and email address if you send an e-card or your friend's address when you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient. We will use the contact information you enter for your friends to send the email or e-card.

**CONTESTS**  
When you enter or participate in one of our contests, we will request information from you (such as your name, address, phone number, birth date and email address) and we may also request demographic or profile information. All contests that are held on this website are limited to persons above a certain age. If the birth date provided indicates that the contestant is underage, the information submitted will be deleted. We will use the information you provide for the purpose of conducting the promotion (for example, to contact you if you have won). Any personal information collected will be used by us and may be associated with registration information. We may sometimes partner with sponsors in offering a contest and may share your information with them. For further information about how Concord handles your personal information when you enter one of our contests, please consult the applicable contest rules. Recipients of our mailings can unsubscribe by following instructions that appear at the end of the email newsletter.

**WITH WHOM YOUR INFORMATION IS SHARED**  
We use the information collected from a customer to allow him/her to participate in the website activities for which the information is collected. For example, when a customer provides an email address in order to receive updates on a particular artist or type of music, that address is added to the email list for that artist or type of music. We sometimes use the information collected to communicate with customers, such as to notify customers when we make changes to our subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by a customer for an online newsletter, or to contact the customer about his/her account with us. From time to time, we may also use this information to offer our products, programs, or services to our customers. On each email a customer receives, he/she is given the opportunity to unsubscribe. If a customer requests to be unsubscribed, his/her email address will be permanently removed from that mailing list. When we have co-branded or sponsored services, when we host a site, or when we join with other parties to provide specific services, we may share (provide and/or receive) your personal information with them. We may also share your information with others if you choose to let us do so, such as where we offer opt-in or opt-out choices.We may share aggregate information (such as demographic data and/or geographic location of users), which is not personally identifiable, with others and in order to improve our services for marketing and/or industry reporting purposes. Such information will not include personal information such as your name or email address. Additionally, aggregate information collected about our audience may be used to improve our services, for marketing purposes, and/or for industry reporting purposes.

Other than as set forth in this privacy policy, we do not share your personally identifiable information with other companies, apart from those acting as our agents in providing our service to you, and which agree to use it only for that purpose and to keep the information secure and confidential. We will also disclose information we maintain (i) when required to do so by law (for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena or other legal obligation), (ii) in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or (iii) in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with our rights or property. You should also be aware that courts of equity, such as U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, may have the authority under certain circumstances to permit your information to be shared or transferred to third parties without your permission.

All of the information you provide will be stored by Concord.

**AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION**  
Our website has features that automatically collect information from users to assist us in creating a website that honor our users' preferences and serve their needs. In certain instances, our website uses cookies, which are small data files containing information about the user that are stored on the user's hard drive.  
for example, may be utilized to assure that a contest applicant enters any given contest only once, or to store session preferences. Users have the ability to accept or decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may be limited in using some areas of our website.
