> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the evansville.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181220120140id_/https%3A//www.evansville.edu/sitemap/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# University of Evansville Privacy Statement - University of Evansville

This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for www.evansville.edu, the main University of Evansville (UE) website. By using this website, you are consenting to our collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Statement.

## Updates:

Because web technologies continue to develop and evolve rapidly, the University of Evansville may alter this Statement in the future. Any such changes will continue to reflect the University’s commitment to safeguarding the privacy of its web visitors and will be posted in a revised Privacy Statement.

## Information Gathering:

In order to continuously improve the website experience for our users, the University collects certain information when users visit the website, including but not limited to IP addresses, date and time of visits, pages viewed, and referring websites. The University will use this data to better serve its customers.

Google and other third parties may use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to collect and receive information from this website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads. This site uses Google Analytics to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie and about your use of the website will be transmitted and stored by Google. Users may opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads by using [Google Ad Settings](https://adssettings.google.com/anonymous). For more information, visit [Google’s Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy).

## Use of Cookies:

The website may use cookies (unless you block them) to understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction. You may disable cookies through your individual browser options or you can opt out of collection and use of this information through tools like the [Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/).

## Information Provided Voluntarily:

When visiting the website, users may opt to provide the University with information to help the University serve them. Users may send an email to request information, sign up for a mailing list, or send their address in order that they be sent materials such as an application or brochure. Any personal identifiable information will be used for the purpose indicated. Your providing this information is voluntary. Providing the requested information indicates your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of this information as described in this Statement. Users are encouraged to contact the University with questions or concerns about the use of personally identifiable information.

## Children:

This site is not directed to children under 13 years of age, and does not sell products or services intended for purchase by children and does not knowingly collect or store any personal information, even in aggregate, about children under the age of 13. We encourage parents and teachers to be involved in children’s internet explorations. It is particularly important for parents to guide their children when they are asked to provide personal information online.

## Other websites:

The UE website contains links to many third-party sites which are beyond are control. UE is not responsible for the privacy practices or consent of third party sites.

## Security:

No transmission of data over the internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure due to how rapidly information technology evolves. While UE is committed to safeguarding the privacy of its users, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to University websites, and you do so at your own risk. Upon receiving your information, we will use reasonable safeguards to maintain the security of information on our systems.

_Posted: May 24, 2018_  
_Revised: July 5, 2018_
