> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the scorestream.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161206112428id_/http%3A//scorestream.com/misc/privacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - ScoreStream

ScoreStream Privacy Policy

**Last Updated: August 10, 2016  
**  


This Privacy Policy describes how and when ScoreStream collects, uses and shares your information when you use our Services. ScoreStream receives your information through our various websites (including ScoreStream.com), SMS, APIs, email notifications, mobile applications (including the ScoreStream mobile application), buttons, widgets, ads, and commerce services (the "Services" or "ScoreStream") and from our partners and other third parties. For example, you send us information when you use ScoreStream from our website, post scores and photos from the ScoreStream mobile application. When using any of our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, manipulation, storage, disclosure and other uses of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. Irrespective of which country you reside in or supply information from, you authorize ScoreStream to use your information in the United States and any other country where ScoreStream operates. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [info@scorestream.com](mailto:info@scorestream.com). 

Information Collection and Use

Basic Account Information: When you create or reconfigure a ScoreStream account, you provide some personal information, such as your name, username, password, and email address. Your name and username are listed publicly on our Services, including on your profile page and in search results. Additional Information: You may provide us with profile information to make public, such as your location or a picture. We may use your contact information to send you information about our Services or to market to you. You may unsubscribe from notifications from ScoreStream by following the instructions contained within the notification or the instructions on our website. We may use your contact information to help others find your ScoreStream account, including through third-party services and client applications. You may choose to upload your address book so that we can help you find ScoreStream users you know or help other ScoreStream users find you. We may later make suggestions to you and other users on ScoreStream based on imported address book contacts. You can delete your imported address book contacts from ScoreStream at any time. If you email us, we may keep your message, email address and contact information to respond to your request. If you connect your ScoreStream account to your account on another service in order to cross-post between ScoreStream and that service, the other service may send us your registration or profile information on that service and other information that you authorize. This information enables cross-posting, helps us improve the Services, and is deleted from ScoreStream within a few weeks of your disconnecting from ScoreStream your account on the other service. Providing the additional information described in this section is entirely optional. Public Information: Our Services are primarily designed to help you share information with the world. Most of the information you provide us is information you are asking us to make public. This includes not only the scores and photos/videos you post, the metadata provided with those posts, such as when you posted, but also the games and teams follow, the people you follow, and many other bits of information that result from your use of the Services. We may use this information to customize the content we show you, including ads. Our default is almost always to make the information you provide public for as long as you do not delete it from ScoreStream, but we may give you settings to make the information more private if you want. Our Services broadly and instantly disseminate your public information to a wide range of users, customers, and services. For instance, your public user profile information and public posts are immediately delivered via APIs to our partners and other third parties, including search engines, developers, and publishers that integrate ScoreStream content into their services. When you share information or content like photos, videos, and links via the Services, you should think carefully about what you are making public. Location Information: You may choose to publish your location in your posts and in your ScoreStream profile. You may also tell us your location when you set your trend location on ScoreStream.com or your computer or mobile device sends us location information. We may also use other data from your device to determine location, for example, information about wireless networks or cell towers near your mobile device, or your IP address. We may use and store information about your location to provide features of our Services and to customize the Services, for example, with more relevant content like local trends, stories, ads, and suggestions for people to follow. Links: ScoreStream may keep track of how you interact with links across our Services, including our email notifications, third-party services, and client applications, by redirecting clicks or through other means. We do this to help improve our Services, to provide more relevant advertising, and to be able to share aggregate click statistics such as how many times a particular link was clicked on. Cookies: Like many websites, we use cookies and similar technologies to collect additional website usage data and to improve our Services, but we do not require cookies for many parts of our Services such as searching and looking at public user profiles. A cookie is a small data file that is transferred to your computer's hard disk. ScoreStream may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with our Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on our Services, and to customize and improve our Services. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by changing its settings, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. However, some Services may not function properly if you disable cookies. Log Data: When you use our Services, we may receive information ("Log Data") such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, the referring web page, pages visited, location, your mobile carrier, device information (including device and application IDs), search terms, and cookie information. We receive Log Data when you interact with our Services, for example, when you visit our websites, sign into our Services, interact with our email notifications, use your ScoreStream account to authenticate to a third-party website or application, or visit a third-party website that includes a ScoreStream button or widget. We may also receive Log Data when you click on, view or interact with a link on our Services to a third-party application, such as when you choose to install another application through ScoreStream. ScoreStream uses Log Data to provide, understand, and improve our Services. If not already done earlier, for example, as provided below for Widget Data, we will either delete Log Data or remove any common account identifiers, such as your username, full IP address, or email address, after 18 months. Widget Data: We may tailor the Services for you based on your visits to third-party websites that integrate ScoreStream buttons or widgets. When these websites first load our buttons or widgets for display, we receive Log Data that includes the web page you visited and a cookie that identifies your browser ("Widget Data"). After a maximum of 10 days, we start the process of deleting, de-identifying, or aggregating Widget Data, which is usually instantaneous but in some cases may take up to a week. We may use Widget Data to tailor content for you, such as suggestions for people to follow on ScoreStream and other content you may be interested in. Tailored content is stored with only browser cookies or device IDs and is separated from other Widget Data such as page-visit information. For Log Data, and other information that we receive from interactions with ScoreStream buttons or widgets, please see the other sections of this Privacy Policy. Third-Parties and Affiliates: ScoreStream uses a variety of third-party services to help provide our Services, and to help us understand and improve the use of our Services, such as Google Analytics. These third-party service providers may collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, such as cookies or your IP address. Third-party ad partners may share information with us, like a browser cookie ID, website URL visited, mobile device ID, or cryptographic hash of a common account identifier (such as an email address), to help us measure and tailor ads. For example, this allows us to display ads about things you may have already shown interest in. .We may also receive information about you from our corporate affiliates in order to help provide, understand, and improve our Services and our affiliates’ services, including the delivery of ads.

For California Users: Certain web browsers and other programs or applications may be used to signal your preferences to ScoreStream about how or whether ScoreStream or third parties may collect information about your online activities. The ScoreStream website and mobile application are not presently configured to respond to Do-Not-Track (or DNT) signals from such web browsers, programs or applications.   


Information Sharing and Disclosure

Your Consent: We do not disclose your private personal information except in the limited circumstances described here. We may share or disclose your information at your direction, such as when you authorize a third-party web client or application to access your ScoreStream account. Service Providers: We engage service providers to perform functions and provide services to us in the United States and abroad. We may share your private personal information with such service providers subject to confidentiality obligations consistent with this Privacy Policy, and on the condition that the third parties use your private personal data only on our behalf and pursuant to our instructions. Business Transfers and Affiliates: In the event that ScoreStream is involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. This Privacy Policy will apply to your information as transferred to the new entity. We may also disclose information about you to our corporate affiliates in order to help provide, understand, and improve our Services and our affiliates’ services, including the delivery of ads. Non-Private or Non-Personal Information: We may share or disclose your non-private, aggregated or otherwise non-personal information, such as your public user profile information, public posts, the people you follow or that follow you, or the number of users who clicked on a particular link (even if only one did), or reports to advertisers about unique users who saw or clicked on their ads after we have removed any private personal information (such as your name or contact information).

Legal Compliance and Protection:   We reserve the right to disclose your Personal Information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us; enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Service or other agreements; or investigate, prevent, or take action suspected or actual prohibited activities, including but not limited to, fraud and situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person or to prevent financial loss to any person or entity; or otherwise protect the rights, property or safety of our websites, online tools, mobile applications, users or others. 

Modifying Your Personal Information

If you are a registered user of our Services, we provide you with tools to access or modify the personal information you provided to us and associated with your account. You can also permanently delete your ScoreStream account. When your account is deactivated, it is not viewable on ScoreStream.com. For up to 30 days after deactivation it is still possible to restore your account if it was accidentally or wrongfully deactivated. After 30 days, we begin the process of deleting your account from our systems, which can take up to a week.   
  


Our Policy Towards Children

Our Services are not directed to persons under 13. If you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at info@scorestream.com. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account.   
  


  
California Privacy Rights ** **

For users in California only: California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please write to the address provided above. Be sure to include your name and address. If you would like a response via email, please include an email address. Otherwise, we will respond by postal mail within the time required by law.

For Users Outside the United States

All ScoreStream websites, online tools and mobile applications (including this website) are hosted on servers located in the United States. If you are a user accessing our websites from the European Union, Australia, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, you are transferring your personal data to the United States which may not have the same data protection laws as such other regions. By providing user information through the Services, you are consenting to the transfer of your information to the United States for processing and maintenance in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service. You are also consenting to the application of United States law in all matters concerning the Services and ScoreStream’s websites, online tools and mobile applications.

User Information Security

We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data.

We restrict access to personal information to ScoreStream employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve the Services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination, if they fail to meet these obligations.

Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with service providers which do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from ScoreStream websites, online tools or mobile applications, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information.

Account Information and other password-protected areas of our websites can be accessed only with a valid user name and password. Each password owner is responsible for keeping the password confidential and safe, as ScoreStream has no control or responsibility for this type of user information. If the password may have been stolen or might otherwise be misused, it is the responsibility of the subject User to notify ScoreStream immediately for further action.

Legal Disclaimer

THE SERVICES (INCLUDING THIS WEBSITE AND THE SCORESTREAM MOBILE APPLICATION) ARE PROVIDED ON AN ''AS IS,'' ''AS AVAILABLE'' BASIS. YOU AGREE THAT USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. SCORESTREAM DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY EXPRESS WARRANTIES, STATUTORY WARRANTIES, AND ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF: MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. TO THE EXTENT YOUR JURISDICTION DOES NOT ALLOW LIMITATIONS ON WARRANTIES, THIS LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES SHALL BE TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SERVICES.

This Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of the State of California, excluding conflicts of law principles. Any legal actions against ScoreStream arising out of or related to the Services must be commenced in the county of Los Angeles in the state of California in the United States of America.

Changes to this Policy

We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at http://scorestream.com/misc/privacyPolicy If we make a change to this policy that, in our sole discretion, is material, we will notify you via an @ScoreStream update or email to the email address associated with your account. By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.Contact Us

Thoughts or questions about this Privacy Policy? Please let us know at info@scorestream.com
