> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the scorespro.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141223045949id_/http%3A//www.scorespro.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Live Score service (powered by ScoresPro.com) - Privacy Policy

### International Soccer 




#### Major Soccer Leagues 




#####  Soccer Leagues 



  * 


advertisement

## Privacy Policy

  


  * ScoresPro.com are committed to your privacy.  
The terms detailed below are the basis on which we hold personal information about you. 
  * **Personal Information - Collection**
  * We do not collect your personal information when you simply browse our website. During the process of delivering an information to you via our website, ScoresPro.com does not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address etc...

For the time beeing we do not require personal information at all.

However, ScoresPro.com may or may not obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet, your browser type, the type of computer operating system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example), or what screen resolution do you use.

The information collected by ScoresPro.com via [Google Analytics](http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/tos.html)* is used for the purpose of improving your browsing experience on our website. In some cases, you may voluntarily provide personal information in response to a survey, registering for an online competiton, signing up for a newsletter or personalizing your ScoresPro.com pages.

If this does occur, ScoresPro.com will never, under no circumstances, use such personal information for any purposes other than the ones you have provided them for. 

  * **Personal Information - Contact Forms**
  * Our Web site's contact form requires visitors to give us contact information (like their name, email, etc). Contact information from the registration forms is used only to get in touch with the visitor when necessary and only upon his/her request. It is in the visitors’ best interest to submit truthful information, as this is used to contact him/her. 
  * **Personal Information - Storage**
  * The personal data may be collected by us is only the one provided through contact forms and will be evaluated periodically to determine whether we should continue to hold it. 
  * **Personal Information - Use of**
  * We will only use the personal information you may provide to us in the future only for communicating with you or notifying you of information relating to our and services. 
  * **Personal Information - Disclosure**
  * We do not disclose your personal information to third parties unless this is required by law. Further we do not sell, trade or rent your personal information to others as we'll never do in the future.

We may only provide aggregate statistics about visitors, browsing statistics, traffic patterns and related site information to reputable third party vendors but these will not include any personal identifying information. 

  * **Cookies - What are they?**
  * ScoresPro.com, as well as most sites on the Internet, uses "cookies" to enhance your experience on the web.  
ScoresPro.com cannot use these cookies to personally identify you in any way.

A cookie is a small piece of information that is sent to your browser from a World Wide Web Server.   
This block of data can be anything, a unique user ID generated by the server, the current date and time, the IP Address of where the browser is logged onto the net or any other chunk of data that you want.

After a browser receives a cookie it will then send that cookie to the server that set it whenever it is appropriate and required/requested. The browser will only send the cookie to the server that originally set it.  
This means that the server can't tell if your browser has cookies that other sites have sent.

An HTTP Cookie cannot be used to get data from your hard drive, get your email address or steal sensitive information about your person.  
The ScoresPro.com Web Server(s) will send a Cookie to a Client system when our adserver serves an ad in order to record unique ID associated with this ad so that should you decide to click on the ad, your browserknows which advertiser's web page to redirect you to.

We may or may not also use cookies to enhance your experience on our website (personalization,...). We believe cookies to be harmless, and will eventually be to everyone's benefit (end users, as well as site builders).

If you do not want the benefit of cookies, there is a simple procedure to manually delete your cookies. Please consult your web browser's Help documentation for more information.

Read more about our [**Cookies Policy**](https://web.archive.org/web/20141223045949id_/http://www.scorespro.com/privacy/cookies/)

  * **Your Consent**
  * By using ScoresPro.com (website), you consent to our collection and use of your non personal data for the purposes set out above. In the event that we decide to change our privacy policy we will post such changes on this page in order that you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it. 
  * * [Google Analytics TOS](http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/tos.html)


