> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the scott-sports.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170210210000id_/https%3A//www.scott-sports.com/us/en/company/policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Policy | SCOTT United States

The corporations of the SCOTT-Group (hereinafter referred to as „SCOTT“) honour the privacy of the visitors to its website „scott-sports.com“ as well as to local „scott-sports“ websites (hereinafter jointly referred to as the „Website“). Therefore, the protection of personal data is for us a matter of importance during its acquisition, processing and usage on the time of your visit to our Website. On our site the “Privacy Policy” will be explained in more detail which of your data will be acquired, in which manner it will be processed and used and which steps will be undertaken to have this data protected.

### 1\. Who is in charge of the protection of your personal data?

SCOTT Sports SA, Route du Crochet 17, 1762 Givisiez, Switzerland controls the data acquisition and data processing of the Website according to the Swiss data protection law (Datenschutzgesetz).

### 2\. Which personal data is collected?

The way in which we collect and store information depends on the use of our Website and the related services.

#### 2.1. Data collected by automated means

**Cookies**

Certain sites make use of cookies that we haven’t been able to point out. Such cookies are needed for tracking your activities on the Website which helps us to learn your preferences and to improve the display of the Website. Most Browsers accept cookies by automatic means. If you want to express your consent or objection to cookies you may set your web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie or to disable cookies altogether. The collected data will be automatically deleted at the end of the visit to our Website. However, we would like to point out that disabling cookies may cause improper functionality of the Website and that some services will not be available.

**Click-stream and demographic data, Web beacons, Web analytics** ** **

A visit to our Website results in automatic collection of so called “Click-stream” data (IP address, date and time of the visit, referral URL, the pages visited on our Website, information about the browser used). Furthermore SCOTT can receive certain anonymized demographic information of the website visitors thru Google Analytics (please read more about Goggle Analytics below). SCOTT uses this information for marketing analyses and to learn more about the users of its Website. SCOTT would like to point out that we cannot link IP addresses to democratic information received.

For statistical purposes we also use web beacons.

This Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You might refuse the acquisition by, transmission to and processing by Google of your data by downloading and installing the Browser-Plugin available under following link: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>  

#### 2.2. Data provided by yourself

Besides the data collected by automated means, we also process data which you have provided to us. This includes, but is not limited to:

Your contact information, including your first and last name, email address, telephone number, street, house number, location, postal code and country where you are resident.

### 3\. How is the collected data used?

The storage, the use as well as the protection of your personal data which we have received from you, complies with the applicable data protection legislation and with this privacy policy.

If you have given your consent to receive newsletters, we require your email address, your postal code and the country where you are resident in so that we can send you the newsletter including local news.

If you want to buy an electrically assisted SCOTT bicycle, which rides at a speed of 25 – 45 km/h, we need your first and last names, email address, telephone number, street, house number and location of residence to be able to assure you a specialized support for the vehicle registration documents, necessary for such a bicycle, as well as for technical questions.

If you submit your solicited or unsolicited job application, we notably require your first and last names, email address and your resume to be able to process your application.

### 4\. Protection of your data

SCOTT has undertaken driver protection measures to protect your data which you have transmitted to us during your visit to our Website. Your personal data will be carefully stored by secured networks and are solely available to a limited number of persons with special access rights who are bound to the non-disclosure of this data.

In the case of transmission of personal data within the internet please be aware at all times of the risk that third parties may trap this data and abuse them for other purposes. Although SCOTT is keen to protect personal data and the privacy of the user of its Website, SCOTT cannot guarantee the safety of your online transmitted information. Such transmissions are done at your own risk.

### 5\. Disclosure of your personal data to third parties

Your personal data – with reservation to the following mentioned exceptions - will not be sold, disclosed or in any other manner transmitted to third parties without your prior consent and solely in compliance with the applicable data protection legislation.

Your data might be disclosed to website hosting companies and further parties which support us regarding the operation and design of the Website, which provide website services and/or data analytics. These parties use your data solely for the performance of the described tasks and will be bound to the non-disclosure of data.

### 6\. Links to third parties / Facebook

If we point to another website via a link on our Website, we would like to clarify that SCOTT has no bearing on either the design nor the content of these sites. SCOTT dissociates itself explicitly from all contents of all linked sites of third parties and does not adopt their content as its own. These sites have their own privacy policies. SCOTT cannot be held responsible for the content resp. activities of these sites and assumes no liability. Your visit to these sites is solely at your own risk.  

Our Website provides Social Plug-ins of Facebook.Inc. When you visit our Website with Social Plug-ins your browser establishes a direct connection to the servers of Facebook. The content of the Plug-in will be transferred to your browser and implemented into the website. The information that you have visited our Website is then transferred to Facebook. If you are logged on with Facebook during the visit to our Website, Facebook adds this information to your Facebook profile. If you are interacting with one of the Social Plug-ins this information will also be transferred to Facebook. In addition, other personal information as your IP address, Browser and other parameter may be transferred to Facebook and stored there. In case you do not wish such a data transfer, please log off from Facebook before you enter our Website. We cannot influence this data collection and data transfer by the Facebook Plug-ins. For detailed information about the collection and processing by Facebook, what rights you have and how you can achieve a satisfactory privacy setting, please visit Facebook’s Privacy Policy.

### 7\. Information, Modification and Deletion of your data

Every newsletter you receive from us contains an unsubscribe hyperlink. If you want to stop receiving newsletters from us, you can simply click on this unsubscribe hyperlink and the following cancel subscription link.

You have the right to be informed at any time about the personal data stored about yourself, its origin and the purpose for which it is being stored. You have the right to request to correct, supplement or delete the personal data stored about you.

In case of questions regarding the acquisition, the processing or use of your personal data, as well as in case of information, correction, blocking or deletion of data, please contact us in sending a letter to: SCOTT Sports SA, Route due Crochet 17, CH – 1762 Givisiez, Switzerland, or an email to [scottsupport@scott-sports.com](mailto:scottsupport@scott-sports.com).

### **8\. Changes to this privacy policy**

This privacy policy may be changed from time to time in order to keep pace with new developments and opportunities relating to the Internet and to stay in line with prevailing legislation. We will not restrict your rights granted in accordance with this policy without your explicit consent. Significant changes to the policy will be publicised on our Website.
