> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the scotpho.org.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2012-04-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120408182923id_/http%3A//www.scotpho.org.uk/about-us/scotpho-website-policies-and-statements/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - ScotPHO

The Scottish Public Health Observatory (ScotPHO) collaboration fully respects your right to privacy when using our website. On this page you will find details of our privacy practices in relation to our website and what we do to maintain your right to privacy.

## Collection and use of personal information on this website

The ScotPHO collaboration does not collect any personal data about you on this website apart from information you volunteer, either by emailing us or by submitting any online forms. Any information you provide via this website is not made available to any third parties. Any information provided is used by ScotPHO for the purposes of processing your information request and as set out in the paragraph below.

## Registering with the ScotPHO website

You can register with the website to receive regular email updates from ScotPHO \- please see our [Register](http://www.scotpho.org.uk/register) page for further details. The registration form asks for your name, email address and organisation. This information is used to send you ScotPHO email updates and to produce an aggregate and anonymous profile of our registered users in terms of, for example, the organisations they work for / represent. We may also occasionally contact a sample of registered users to seek feedback on the content, structure and usage of our website.

There is no facility to log in to the public ScotPHO website and all published content is freely available to all users, whether registered or not. We do not, and cannot, track the site usage of individual registered users.

Details of our registered users are held securely, will not be disclosed to any third party and will only be used for the purposes described above. Registered users can de-register from the website by [emailing us](mailto:scotpho@nhs.net) their details or by following the unsubscribe link that appears on our ScotPHO mailings.

## Use of Cookies

A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them. This site uses different types of cookie.

We use Google Analytics, a popular web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us to analyse how users use the site.

The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address*) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google undertakes not to associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the instructions for your file management software to locate the file or directory that stores cookies. You can access them through some types of browser. Search in your cookie folders for www.scotpho.org.uk to find our cookies if you wish to delete them.

More information about cookies, including how to block them or delete them, can be found at <http://www.aboutcookies.org/>.

Visitors can use our website with no loss of functionality if cookies are disabled from the web browser.

Below is a list of all cookies used by the ScotPHO website, and what each cookie is used for.

Cookie name| Purpose| Expiry  
---|---|---  
__utmb | Google Analytics cookie. This stores the domain name (hash code) of site, pages viewed this session, current time. | 30 minutes  
__utmc | Google Analytics cookie. This stores the domain name (hash code) of site. | At end of session  
__utma | Google Analytics cookie. This stores the domain name (hash code) of site, a unique visitor id (randomly generated number), time of first visit, time of previous visit, current time, number of sessions since first visit. | 2 years  
__utmz | Google Analytics cookie. This stores the domain name (hash code) of site, time when cookie last set, total number of visitor sessions, number of different channels or sources through which this site was reached, source of the last cookie update, search hit tag identifier (or just 'organic' if reached via normal search hit), search medium, keyword phrase used to find site. | 6 months  
ASPSESSIONID | Used by the CMS, contains no identifiable information. | At browser close  
  
_* An IP (Internet Protocol) address is a unique identification number assigned to every computer connected to the internet, but it does not in itself reveal the identity of a computer user._

## Scotland's Health on the Web

The ScotPHO website is hosted on a server managed and maintained by the Scotland's Health on the Web (SHOW) team, which is part of [NHS National Services Scotland](http://www.nhsnss.org/) (NSS). SHOW has its own [privacy and data protection policy](http://www.show.scot.nhs.uk/policies/privacy.aspx). Log files are maintained and analysed of all requests for files on NSS servers. Aggregated analyses of these log files are used to monitor website usage. All log file information collected by NSS is kept secure and is not provided to any third parties. NSS will make no attempt to identify individual users. You should be aware, however, that access to web pages will generally create log file entries in the systems of your Internet Service Provider (ISP) or network services provider. These entities may identify the client computer equipment used to access a page. Such monitoring is outwith the responsibility or control of both NSS and the ScotPHO collaboration.

## How to contact us

If you have any queries or would like further information about our privacy policy, please contact us by email, telephone or letter. Contact details can be found on our [Staff directory](http://www.scotpho.org.uk/about-us/staff-directory) page.
