> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the scoutmob.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190623162559id_/http%3A//local.scoutmob.com/policies%3Fref%3Dftr_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Scoutmob Atlanta - mobile deals for the local curious

By downloading and using the Scoutmob mobile application or visiting or using the www.scoutmob.com website and domain name, any other linked pages, features, content, mobile applications, and any other services we offer from time to time in connection with any of the foregoing (collectively, the "Website"), you agree to the practices and policies set forth in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby acknowledge and consent to our collection, use, and sharing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. 

This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that we gather when you are accessing or using our Website. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage, even if you have accessed the websites or services of those companies through our Website. 

Whenever you interact with our Application or Website, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your mobile device and/or browser including your mobile device universal ID#, IP address, “cookie” information, and the page you requested. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your computer or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages in our Website are visited and by how many people. 

When we collect usage information (such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to the Website and to which pages within the Website), we only use such data in aggregate form, in a manner that assures your anonymity. We may provide this aggregate usage information to our partners; our partners may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Website, so that our partners, too, can endeavor to provide you with an optimal online experience. For example, we may place a cookie on your device that records what products you have viewed on our Website, and then provide that information, in non- personally-identifiable form, to a third party website, to allow such website to show you ads for similar products that are available from us or from third parties. 

We will contact you by push notification, email or other means. If you do not want to receive email or other mail from us, please indicate your preference by changing your account settings accordingly.

We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information in personally identifiable form to anyone. We share your Personal Information in personally identifiable form with third parties only as described below:

  * In certain situations, businesses or third party websites we’re affiliated with may provide services to you through the Website (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your Personal Information with that affiliated business only to the extent that we deem it related to such transaction or service.
  * We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what we deem necessary to assist us in performing such tasks.
  * We may release Personal Information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with laws; enforce or apply our conditions of use and/or other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Scoutmob, our employees, our users, or others. We may exchange information with other companies and organizations (including governmental authorities) for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.



Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.

The Website may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When following a link to another site you should read that site’s privacy policy.

Scoutmob offers Facebook users the opportunity to interact with friends and to share on Facebook using Facebook Connect. If you are logged into both Scoutmob and Facebook, when you use the Site’s Facebook connection functions, we will link your Facebook account with your Scoutmob account if the email addresses match. If the email addresses do not match, we ask you if you want to link them and you must validate that you control the accounts. If you are already logged into Scoutmob but not logged into Facebook, when you use the Site’s Facebook connection functions, you will be prompted to enter your Facebook credentials or to sign up for Facebook. By proceeding through any of these scenarios, you grant Scoutmob permission to access your Facebook profile information and to use it in accordance with the Facebook terms of use and this Privacy Statement. If you are not currently registered as a Scoutmob user and you use the Site’s Facebook connection functions, you will first be asked to enter your Facebook credentials and then be given the option to register and join Scoutmob. Once you register with Scoutmob and connect with Facebook, you will be able to automatically post recent Scoutmob activity back to your Facebook wall. Please refer to the privacy settings in your Facebook account to manage the performance of your Facebook account.

Public Content: Your reviews, ratings, and associated email address or social network profile (including your first and last name, screen name, profile picture, general location, and profile link) for social networks that you have authorized the Site or App to access, along with other content you post to the Site are meant for public consumption. We may display this content on the Site, and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services.

If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy, please contact us at [Help@handpickedatlanta.com](mailto:Help@handpickedatlanta.com). Your privacy is important to us and we will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
