> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the matalan.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121113220444id_/http%3A//www.matalan.co.uk/fcp/content/privacy-policy/content) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Matalan - Privacy Policy

This is Matalan’s privacy policy. It sets out what information we will collect and how we will use that information. By using our site, you agree to its terms.

Information is collected on this site by Matalan Retail Limited of Gillibrands Road, Skelmersdale, West Lancashire WN8 9TB. Information collected on this site is controlled by Matalan Retail Limited. Information collected by Matalan Retail Limited may be used by the companies in the Matalan Group (subsidiaries of Matalan Limited, specifically including Wolsey Limited), and may be processed by other companies on behalf of the data controller. Any information you provide will be governed by this privacy policy and our terms and conditions, even if the Matalan business is sold to a third party who subsequently replaces Matalan Retail Limited as data controller. 

You do not have to provide us with personal information, but some features on this site (including placing orders) can only be used if you provide personal information, and if you choose not to provide this information, you will not be able to use these features. We use information which you provide to deliver website services to you, to customise your shopping experience, and to communicate with you regarding promotional offers and our products and services. If you place an order with us, we will use information provided by you to process and fulfil that order, including handling payments and delivery. If you choose to register for an account on this website, we will use the information you provide to provide and operate that account, and will also use it to communicate with you regarding our products and services. Any information which you provide may be used by us or by third parties to operate this website, including reviewing or improving the site, preventing or detecting fraud or other abuse, or managing our website operations.

We may collect two types of information via this website: information you specifically provide to us, and automatic information associated with your use of this site. Information you specifically provide to us includes any information you enter into a form or send to us via e-mail. Examples of this information include information you enter when placing an order or setting up an account. Automatic information associated with your use of this site includes any information arising from your use of this site which you do not specifically provide. Examples of this information include your IP address, the type of web browser you are using, and the speed of your web connection.

Our site may use cookies to enable certain functionality. Cookies are small files which your web browser receives from us and stores. They allow your web browser to identify you to our site so that you can take advantage of personalised features. Most web browsers provide options to disable cookies, but this may prevent you from using all of the features on our site. For this reason we recommend you leave cookies turned on.

We utilise a 3rd Party technology that captures data you enter into the forms and shopping carts used on our website, regardless of whether you complete or abandon the form or shopping cart. For example, let's say you entered your contact information into a shopping cart or an inquiry form because you are thinking of purchasing from our website or would like to know more about us. Our 3rd party technology will capture this data regardless of whether you click 'next', or 'submit', or take any further action. As soon as you enter information we have the ability to record it. We may utilise this information to reengage you through email  and offer any assistance to help you complete the inquiry or transaction. We will not contact you about anything else.  
We work hard to keep your information secure, and to comply with data protection and privacy laws. We do not sell or give away the information you provide to us. We do not retain payment card information, other than the last four digits of your credit card number which is used for confirmation when dealing with returns. When you contact our customer services department they may request verification of your identity to protect the privacy of any information you have provided to us.

If you choose to create an account, you will be able to manage your personal data online via your account. If you do not choose to do so, you will not be able to view or modify this information. If you wish to change any preferences and you have not created an account, please contact Customer Services.

We will sometimes send you information about special offers for Matalan customers from third parties, or allow them to do so. Where we allow them to do this, we will still control the data used and they will not receive any personal data about you unless you specifically provide it to them. Like all major retailers, we use third party service providers to carry out some services for us. This may include companies which process personal data. Any such processing is done on our behalf and under our control. 

In general, you can choose how we communicate with you, but there are certain communications which are necessary for the operation of this site or which we are required to send by law, and you cannot opt out of these.

If you have any questions or queries about our privacy policy, please contact Customer Services at [cs@matalanonline.co.uk](mailto:cs@matalanonline.co.uk)
