> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the matcherino.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190702042413id_/https%3A//matcherino.com/Privacy%2520Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Matcherino - Crowdfunding eSports : Matcherino – Crowdfunding eSports

**Matcherino.com Privacy Notice and  Privacy Policy**

**Last Revised: May 30, 2018**

Matcherino, Inc. and its affiliates (collectively, “ **Matcherino** ”) is committed to protecting your privacy.  We have prepared this Privacy Policy to describe to you our practices regarding the personal information we collect from users of our website (the “ **Site** ”) and our online services (the “ **Services** ”).

  1. **Questions; Contacting Matcherino; Reporting Violations** **.  If you have any questions or concerns or complaints about our Privacy Policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any security violations to us, please contact us at  the following email address: **Matcherino, Inc.  
[support@matcherino.com](mailto:support@matcherino.com)
  2. ****A Note About Children**.  We do not intentionally gather personal information from visitors who are under the age of 13.  If a child under 13 submits personal information to the Matcherino and we learn that the personal information is the information of a child under 13, we will attempt to delete the information as soon as possible.  If you believe that we might have any personal information from a child under 13, please contact us at: [support@matcherino.com](mailto:support@matcherino.com).**
  3. **Types of Data We Collect.  **We collect personal information from users, as described below.
    1. **Information You Provide to Us.**  
      * We may collect personal information from you, such as your first and last name, e-mail, username and password when you create an account to log in to our network (“ **Account** ”).
      * We will collect payment information necessary to complete a transaction, including your name, credit card information, and billing information.
      * If you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.
      * When you post content (text, images, photographs, messages, comments or any other kind of content that is not your e-mail address) on our Site, the information contained in your posting will be stored in our servers and other users will be able to see it, along with your profile photo, user name and any other information that you choose to make public on your public profile page ( **“Profile”** ).  The information that you provide in your Profile will be visible to others, including anonymous visitors to the Site. Your personal data is processed at Matcherino’s Seattle headquarters located in the United States. Hosting and storage of your data takes place in San Jose, California, USA.
      * When you participate in an activity on our Services, such as promoting, endorsing or donating to a gamer and/or their contests and matches, we will collect that information and add it to your Profile.
      * If you sign up for our newsletter we will collect your email address.
      * If you participate in a sweepstakes, contest or giveaway on our Site, we may ask you for your e-mail address and/or home number (to notify you if you win or not).  We may also ask for first and last names, and sometimes post office addresses to verify your identity.  In some situations we may need additional information as a part of the entry process, such as a prize selection choice.  These sweepstakes and contests are voluntary.  We recommend that you read the rules for each sweepstakes and contest that you enter. 
      * We may also collect personal information, such as at other points in our Service that state that personal information is being collected.
    2. **Information Collected from Twitch and other Social Networking Sites**.  Our Services may enable users to register for an account using their Twitch login credentials, Twitter login credentials, Gmail login credentials, or other third party social networking service (“ **SNS** ”) supported by us.  If you are not a registered user of the Services and you click “Sign In” using Twitch or another SNS that we support, you will first be asked to enter your Twitch or SNS credentials and then be given the option to register for the Services.  In this case, we may receive information from Twitch or another SNS to make it easier for you to create an Account on the Site.  Any information that we collect from Twitch or other SNS account may depend on the privacy settings you have with Twitch or that SNS, so please consult the relevant SNS’s privacy and data practices.
    3. **Information Collected via Technology.**
      * Log Files.  As is true of most websites and mobile applications, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.  This information includes IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (“ **ISP** ”), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.  We use this information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around the Site, gather demographic information about our user base as a whole, and better tailor our Services to our users’ needs.   Except as noted in this Privacy Policy, we do not link this automatically-collected data to personal information.
      * Cookies.  Like many online services, we use cookies to collect information.   **“Cookies”** are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the website.  We may use both session Cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent Cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Service.    This type of information is collected to make the Service more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.  
      * Pixel Tags. In addition, we use **“Pixel Tags** ” (also referred to as clear Gifs, Web beacons, or Web bugs).  Pixel Tags are tiny graphic images with a unique identifier, similar in function to Cookies that are used to track online movements of Web users.  In contrast to Cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, Pixel Tags are embedded invisibly in Web pages.  Pixel Tags also allow us to send e-mail messages in a format users can read, and they tell us whether e-mails have been opened to ensure that we are sending only messages that are of interest to our users.  We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to a user.  We do not tie the information gathered by Pixel Tags to our users’ personal information.
      * Traffic Analytics.  We use a number of third party service provides, such as Google Analytics, to help analyze how users use the Service (“ **Analytics Companies** ”).  These Analytics Companies uses Cookies to collect information such as how often users visit the Service, what features they use on our Site, and what other sites they used prior to coming to the Site. We use the information we get from these Analytics Companies only to improve our Site and Services. These Analytics Companies collect only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit the Service, rather than your name or other personally identifying information.  We do not combine the information generated through the use of our Analytics Companies with your personal information. Although these Analytics Companies may plant a persistent Cookie on your web browser or mobile device to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit the Service, the Cookie cannot be used by anyone but the Analytics Company that placed the applicable Cookie.  This Policy does not apply to and we are not responsible for the Cookies used by these Analytics Companies.
  4. ****Use of Your Personal information****
    1. **General Use.  **In general, personal information you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better. We use your personal information in the following ways:  
      * facilitate the creation of and secure your Account on our network; 
      * identify you as a user in our system; 
      * provide improved administration of our Site and Services; 
      * provide the Services you request, including our loyalty programs;
      * improve the quality of experience when you interact with our Site and Services; 
      * send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your Account was created; 
      * send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories;
      * respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests; 
      * send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to our Services and for other marketing purposes of Matcherino.
    2. **User Feedback.**  We often receive comments from users who have had positive experiences with our Services.  We may post user feedback on the Site from time to time.  We will share your feedback with your first name and last initial only.  If we choose to post your first and last name along with your feedback, we will obtain your consent prior to posting you name with your feedback.  
    3. **Creation of Anonymous Data.  **We may create anonymous data records from personal information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you.  We use this anonymous data to analyze request and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our Services and improve Site navigation.  We reserve the right to use anonymous data for any purpose and disclose anonymous data to third parties in our sole discretion.
  5. **Disclosure of Your Personal information.  **We disclose your personal information as described below and as described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy.  
    1. **Third Party Service Providers.  **We may share your personal information with third party service providers to:  provide you with the Services that we offer you through our Site; to fulfill your order for any products, services or other goods; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support; and/or to provide other services to the Matcherino.  
    2. **Affiliates**.  We may share some or all of your personal data with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (“ **Affiliates** ”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.
    3. **Corporate Restructuring.**  We may share some or all of your personal information in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution, transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets.  In the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, personal information may also be transferred as a business asset. If another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the personal information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. 
    4. **Social Networking Sites.  **Some of our Sites and Services may enable you to post content to SNSs (e.g., Facebook or Twitter).  If you choose to do this, we will provide information to such SNSs in accordance with your elections.  You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for your use of those websites and that it is your responsibility to review the terms of use and privacy policy of the third party provider of such SNSs.  We will not be responsible or liable for: (i) the availability or accuracy of such SNSs; (ii) the content, products or services on or availability of such SNSs; or (iii) your use of any such SNSs.
    5. **Public Profile.  **Certain portions of the information you provide to us may also be displayed in your Profile.  As an essential element of the Services, your profile photo/avatar and username from your Twitch or other SNS account that you’ve linked to your Account will be publicly displayed.   By default, your Profile is for public viewing.  Your profile photo/avatar, Twitch/SNS username, the amounts donated, person(s)/organization(s) to whom you make donations via the Site, and participation in any contests and gaming matches offered or promoted via the Services, including your participation in, funding of, and gaming achievements, are also meant for pubic consumption.  In addition, if you post any content on the Site (such as a comments section), we will collect the content of your post and it will be made publicly available on the site in connection with your username and profile photo/avatar.  We may display this content on the Site and further distribute it to a wider audience through third party sites and services.  Once displayed on publicly viewable web pages, that information can be collected and used by others.  We cannot control who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information in your Profile.
    6. **Other Disclosures**.  Regardless of any choices you make regarding your personal information (as described below), Matcherino may disclose personal information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) in connection with any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on Matcherino; (c) to protect or defend the rights or property of Matcherino or users of the Site or Services; and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this Privacy Policy, or our Terms of Use.
  6. **Your Choices Regarding Your Information.  **You have several choices regarding use of information on our Services:
    1. **Email Communications.  **We will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our Site or Services.  When you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below). Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.
    2. **Changing or Deleting Your Personal Information**.  You may change any of your personal information in your Account by editing your settings within your Account or by sending an email to us at the address listed above.  You may delete your account online using the account deletion option, or request deletion of your personal information by us, and if so requested we will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request, but please note that we may be required to keep such information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements) to the extent permitted by applicable law.  When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives unless otherwise required by law.  We may also retain your information for fraud prevention or similar purposes to the extent permitted by applicable law.
    3. **Do Not Track Signals**.  Some web browsers may transmit “do not track” signals to the websites and other online services with which your web browser communicates.  There is no standard that governs what, if anything, websites should do when they receive these signals.  We currently do not take action in response to these signals.  If and when a standard is established, we may revise our policy on responding to these signals.
  7. **Data Breaches**. We will report any unlawful data breach of this website’s database or the database(s) of any of our third party data processors to any and all relevant persons and authorities within 72 hours of the breach if it is apparent that personal data stored in an identifiable manner has been stolen.
  8. **International Privacy Laws**. If you are visiting the Services from outside the United States, please be aware that you are sending information (including personal data) to the United States where our servers are located. That information may then be transferred within the United States or back out of the United States to other countries outside of your country of residence, depending on the type of information and how it is stored by us. These countries (including the United States) may not necessarily have data protection laws as comprehensive or protective as those in your country of residence; however, our collection, storage and use of your personal data will at all times continue to be governed by this Privacy Policy. 
    1. **GDPR**. In May 2018, a new data privacy law known as the EU General Data Protection Regulation (or the “GDPR”) becomes effective. The GDPR requires us and Organizers using the Service to provide Users with more information about the processing of their personal data. Here is what you need to know: 
      1. **Legal grounds for processing your Personal Data**. The GDPR requires us to tell you about the legal ground we’re relying on to process any personal data about you. The legal grounds for us processing your personal data will typically be because: you provided your consent; it is necessary for our contractual relationship; the processing is necessary for us to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations; or the processing is in our legitimate interest as an event organising platform (for example, to protect the security and integrity of our systems and to provide you with customer service, etc.).
      2. **Transfers of Personal Data**. As we are a global company, we may need to transfer your personal data outside of the country from which it was originally provided. This may be intra-group or to third parties that we work with who may be located in jurisdictions outside the EEA, which have no data protection laws or laws that are less strict compared with those in Europe. Whenever we transfer personal data outside of the EEA, Switzerland or the UK, we take legally required steps to make sure that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your personal data.
      3. **Personal data retention**. We retain your Personal Data for as long as necessary to provide you with our Services, or for other important purposes such as complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. If you have an account with us, we will typically retain your Personal Data for a period of 90 days after you have requested that your account is closed or if it’s been inactive for 7 years.
      4. **Your rights**. Data protection law provides you with rights in respect of personal data that we hold about you, including the right to request a copy of the personal data, request that we rectify, restrict or delete your Personal Data, object to profiling and unsubscribe from marketing communications. For the most part, you can you can exercise these rights by logging in and visiting your account page or changing the “cookie settings” in your browser. If you can’t find what you’re looking for in your account page, please contact us using the contact information set out above. Please note that requests to exercise data protection rights will be assessed by us on a case-by-case basis. There may be circumstances where we are not legally required to comply with your request because of the laws in your jurisdiction or because of exemptions provided for in data protection legislation. If you have a complaint about how we handle your personal data, please get in touch with us. If you are not happy with how we have attempted to resolve your complaint, you may contact the relevant data protection authority.
      5. **Matcherino as a data controller and a data processor**. EU data protection law makes a distinction between organizations that process personal data for their own purposes (known as “data controllers”) and organizations that process personal data on behalf of other organizations (known as “data processors”). If you have a question or complaint about how your personal data is handled, these should always be directed to the relevant data controller since they are the ones with primary responsibility for your personal data. Matcherino may act as either a data controller or a data processor in respect of your personal data, depending on the circumstances. For example, if you create an account with us to organize your events, we will be a data controller in respect of the personal data that you provide as part of your account. However, if you otherwise register for an event as a participant, we will process your personal data to help administer that event on behalf of the Organizer (for example, sending confirmation, promotional and feedback emails, processing payments, etc.) and to help the Organizer target, and understand the success of, their event and event planning (for example, providing event reports, using analytics to gain insights into the effectiveness of various sales channels, etc.). In these circumstances, Matcherino merely provides the “tools” for Organizers; Matcherino does not decide what personal data to request on registration forms, nor is it responsible for the continued accuracy any personal data provided. Any questions that you may have relating to your personal data and your rights under data protection law should therefore be directed to the Organizer as the data controller, not to Matcherino.
  9. **Changes to This Privacy Policy.  **This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our Sites.  Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our Site.  These changes will be effective immediately for new users of our Service.  Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us with your most current e-mail address.  In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice.  If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your personal information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your Account with us.  Continued use of our Sites or Service, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and acknowledgement of such changes.


