> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the matrix.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110602001841id_/http%3A//www.matrix.com/about_matrix/privacy_statement.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Matrix Hairstyles

Matrix has adopted this Privacy Statement in order to inform you of its policies with respect to information collected from this website. Your use of this website constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Statement and your consent to the practices it describes. 

Automatic Collection of Anonymous Information  
When you visit the Matrix website, like when you visit most other websites, certain anonymous information about your visit is automatically logged, which may include information about the type of browser you use, the server name and IP address through which you access the internet (such as “aol.com” or “earthlink.net”), the date and time you access the site, the pages you access while at the Matrix website, and the internet address of the website, if any, from which you linked directly to the Matrix site. This information is not personally identifiable. Personally Identifiable Information is any information that concerns you individually and would permit someone to contact you, for example, your name, address, telephone/fax number, social security number, email address or any information you submitted to matrix.com that identifies you individually. 

matrix.com will not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it. Therefore, if you do not want matrix.com to obtain any personally identifiable information about you, do not submit it. 

You can visit and browse the Matrix website without revealing personally identifiable information about yourself. You may also choose to disclose personally identifiable information about yourself, which may be maintained as described below. matrix.com may collect personally identifiable information about you from its website by methods such as the following: 

> _Registration Forms_ – If you are offered the opportunity to enter a promotion, to become a registered user of the Matrix website, or to opt-in to receive Matrix information through another site, you must apply by filling out the registration form on the site. This form requires certain personally identifiable information that may include, without limitation, your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, areas of interest, product usage, and/or a unique individual password. 
> 
> _Transactions and Activity_ – If you become a registered user or if you conduct transactions through the Matrix website, matrix.com collects information about the transactions you engage in while on the website and your other activity on the site. This information may include, without limitation, areas of the website that you visit, transaction type, content that you view, download or submit, transaction amount, payment, shipping and billing information as well as the nature, quantity and price of the goods or services you exchange and the individuals or entities with whom you communicate or transact business. 
> 
> _Email and other voluntary communications_ – You may also choose to communicate with matrix.com through email, via our website, by telephone, in writing, or though other means. We collect the information in these communications, and such information may be personally identifiable.

  
matrix.com may use the personally identifiable information collected through its website primarily for such purposes as: 

> • helping to establish and verify the identity of users;  
>  • opening, maintaining, administering and servicing users’ accounts or memberships;  
>  • processing, servicing or enforcing transactions and sending related communications;  
>  • providing services and support to users;  
>  • improving the website, including tailoring it to users’ preferences;  
>  • providing users with product or service updates, promotional notices and offers, and other information about Matrix and its affiliates;  
>  • responding to your questions inquiries, comments and instructions;   
>  • maintaining the security and integrity of its systems. 

matrix.com uses the anonymous browsing information collected automatically by its servers primarily to help it administer and improve its website. matrix.com may also use aggregated anonymous information to provide information about its website to advertisers, potential business partners and other unaffiliated entities. Again, this information is not personally identifiable. matrix.com does not provide personally identifiable information to unaffiliated third parties for their use in marketing directly to you. Matrix may use unaffiliated companies to help it maintain and operate its website or for other reasons related to the operation of its business, and those companies may receive your personally identifiable information for that purpose. Matrix may also disclose personally identifiable information about you in connection with legal requirements, such as in response to an authorized subpoena, governmental request or investigation, or as otherwise permitted by law. Finally, as Matrix’s business develops, it may sell or buy corporate assets, and in such transactions customer information may be one of the transferred business assets. If Matrix, its internet businesses, or substantially all of its assets, is acquired, customer information may be one of the assets transferred. This website is directed toward and designed for use by persons aged 13 or older. matrix.com will not approve applications of, or establish or maintain accounts or memberships for, any child whom matrix.com knows to be under the age of 13. matrix.com does not solicit or knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If matrix.com nevertheless discovers that it has received personally identifiable information from an individual who indicates that he or she is, or whom Matrix otherwise has reason to believe is, under the age of 13, matrix.com will delete such information from its systems. Additionally, a child’s parent or legal guardian may request that the child’s information be corrected or deleted from matrix.com’s files by contacting us at [mbowman@matrix.com](mailto:mbowman@matrix.com). The Matrix website’s server, or the servers of companies that are used to operate this site, may place a "cookie" on your computer in order to allow you to use the website and to personalize your experience. 

A “cookie” is a small piece of data that can be sent by a web server to your computer, which then may be stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies allow matrix.com to recognize your computer while you are on its website and help customize your online experience and make it more convenient for you. Cookies are also useful in allowing more efficient log-in for users, tracking transaction histories and preserving information between sessions. The information collected from cookies may also be used to improve the functionality of the website. 

The advertisers and/or other content providers that may appear on this website may also use cookies that are not sent by the Matrix website. Such ads or content may contain cookies that help track and target the interests of users of this website in order to present “personalized” advertisements or other messages that the user might find interesting. Matrix is not responsible for any such cookies. 

Most web browser applications (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator) have features that can notify you when you receive a cookie or prevent cookies from being sent. If you disable cookies, however, you may not be able to use certain personalized functions of this website. 

The Matrix website may contain links to other websites, including those of advertisers or third party content providers who offer downloads on matrix.com. Please be aware that Matrix is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites. Websites that are accessible by hyperlinks from the Matrix website may use cookies [link to ”Cookies” section]. Matrix encourages you to read the privacy statements provided by other websites before you provide personally identifiable information to them. matrix.com maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to help guard personally identifiable information. If transactions are offered on the site, transaction information is transmitted to and from matrix.com in encrypted form using industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connections to help protect such information from interception. matrix.com restricts authorized access to your personal information to those persons who have a legitimate purpose to know that information to provide products or services to you and those persons you have authorized to have access to such information. Please be aware, however, that any email or other transmission you send through the internet cannot be completely protected against unauthorized interception. In order to provide service to you, matrix.com will send you communications related to your transactions, security or the administration of its website. From time to time, matrix.com and its affiliates may also wish to send you other messages or updates about matrix.com, its affiliates, or their promotions and other activities. If you do not wish to receive non-transaction/security related communications from matrix.com and its affiliates, please send an email containing your request to [mbowman@matrix.com](mailto:mbowman@matrix.com). matrix.com allows you to change, update, or delete the information you may provide in your optional registration form. If you would like to change, update, or delete your personal information, please send an email containing your request to [mbowman@matrix.com](mailto:mbowman@matrix.com). matrix.com reserves the right to modify or supplement this policy at any time. If a material change to the terms of this policy is made, matrix.com will post a notice on its homepage and a link to the new policy. If you have questions about this privacy statement, the information practices of matrix.com or your dealings with matrix.com, please contact Matrix Consumer Affairs, P.O. Box 832, Clark, NJ 07066 or call Consumer Affairs at (888) 777-6396. 

Copyright © 2001 L'Oréal USA, Inc. All trade marks registered. All rights reserved. In accordance with laws governing literary and artistic property rights or other similar rights, the reproduction or redistribution of the elements that make up the Matrix website, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited. 

All of the brands cited herein are registered trademarks. 

Matrix is happy to welcome you to its website. While Matrix has endeavoured to ensure the accuracy of the information accessed via the website, Matrix does not guarantee or give any warranty as to the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of any information or material on the website, and declines all responsibility for technical inaccuracies or other errors. Matrix declines all responsibility for any difficulties encountered in accessing the site or for any communication line failure. 

effective date: August 15, 2001 
