> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the matrix.in privacy policy that was archived on 2009-11-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091127004723id_/http%3A//www.matrix.in/privacy/default.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Matrix - The smarter way to stay connected

Matrix is committed to protecting your privacy. Any information gathered by us is for the sole purpose of improving our services to meet the changing needs of our customers so as to provide them with more efficient services and making our website user-friendly. At no point of time, Matrix will sell or publish any information without the permission of the users of our website, however, on demand the information may be shared with the Government/semi-government authorities for the purpose of their investigation.

If the occasion arises that you should want/need to send information about yourself to Matrix, we will then offer a simple way to submit such information and a place to store it securely. Matrix strictly protects the security of your personal/company information and honours your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. The information provided by me is purely on my free will and I am fully aware of its usage by Matrix, to which I have no objection. If at anytime you wish to have your information deleted from our own records, feel free to contact us.

If for some reason you believe Matrix has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by e-mail, and we will do our best to determine and correct the problem promptly. Make sure you put the words "PRIVACY POLICY" or words to that effect in the subject line of the e-mail message.
