> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the xrite.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021210021844id_/http%3A//www.xrite.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# X-Rite Privacy Policy

X-Rite respects and values our customers' privacy. This policy sets forth the guidelines X-Rite uses for protecting information you provide us during visits to our Internet site. 

  1. X-Rite will take reasonable steps to keep personal information collected from individual customers (such as name, address, occupation) secure and confidential. 
  2. X-Rite will not give or sell our individual customers' personal information (such as name, address, occupation) to any outside organization for use in marketing, or solicitation of others' products or services. Our individual customers' information may be shared with agents, contractors or affiliates of X-Rite for the purpose of providing services to X-Rite. 
  3. X-Rite may, from time to time, send our customers information about products or services we believe may be of interest to our customers. Customers who do not wish to receive those mailings (whether e-mail, fax or paper mail) or who believe they are receiving those mailings by mistake can contact X-Rite and request they be removed from the mailing list(s). 
  4. X-Rite's on-line shopping cart ([store.xrite.com](http://store.xrite.com/)), through X-Rite's on-line shopping host, Yahoo, is designed to help protect credit card information. Should you desire information about the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol and other aspects of information security, see the Yahoo link below. Because a third party, Yahoo, administers X-Rite’s on-line shopping cart, that third party administrator handles our customers’ information.  The privacy policy of the third party administrator regarding that information is set forth on the Yahoo site disclaimer statement at <http://stores.yahoo.com/vm/disclaimer.html>. 
  5. "Cookie" technology allows X-Rite to customize the experience of its customers visiting its web-site. Cookies are features of web browsers that allow servers to recognize the computer accessing the site. Cookies are small data pieces that are stored on the user's computer hard drive. Cookies remember what information a user accesses on one web page to simplify or enhance subsequent interactions with the site from the same computer or to streamline subsequent transactions on related pages. Cookies make it easier for a user to move from page to page and to complete commercial transactions. Cookies also help us collect valuable business information and technical statistics. For example, the information in cookies let us track the paths followed by our users as they come to, visit and move through the site. Similarly, we use server logs to gather information to evaluate how our users use our site. In addition, "cookie" technology may be used by the third party administrator of X-Rite's on-line shopping cart. The "cookie" policy of the third party administrator can be found at the Yahoo link above. Most internet browser software permits the user to disable cookies. If you do not wish cookies to be utilized, you should disable cookies using your browser software. 
  6. X-Rite may, from time to time, provide links on its web site to third parties. The practices of these third party sites regarding information are not covered by this X-Rite policy. X-Rite does not control or warrant the conduct of those sites and you should exercise caution as your use of these third party sites is at your own risk. 
  7. If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact X-Rite. You can contact X-Rite via e-mail at [webmaster@xrite.com](mailto:webmaster@xrite.com), via our website at [www.xrite.com/contact/](http://www.xrite.com/contact/contactus.asp), or via telephone at 616-534-7663. 


