> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hsbc150banknote.com.hk privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150404235615id_/https%3A//www.hsbc150banknote.com.hk/cookie-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cookie policy | HSBC 150th Anniversary Banknote

### Use of Cookies, Spotlight Tags and Web Beacons etc

Your visit to this site may be recorded for analysis on the number of visitors to the site and general usage patterns. Some of this information will be gathered through the use of "cookies". Cookies are small bits of information that are automatically stored on a person's web browser in their computer that can be retrieved by this site. Cookies can make the site more useful by storing information about your preferences on particular sites, thus enabling website owners to provide more useful features for their users. The information collected by "cookies" is anonymous aggregated research data, and contain no name or address information or any information that will enable anyone to contact you via telephone, e-mail or any other means. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you would prefer, you can set your browser to disable cookies or inform you when they are set. However, by disabling them, you may not be able to take full advantage of our website.

HSBC may also work with third parties (such as DoubleClick, Yahoo!, Nielsen//NetRatings and WebTrends) to research certain usage and activities on parts of our website on our behalf. DoubleClick, Yahoo!, Nielsen//NetRatings and WebTrends use technologies such as spotlight monitoring, web beacons and "cookies" etc to conduct this research. The information collected through technologies such as cookies, spotlight tags and web beacons etc is used to find out more about our users, including user demographics and behaviour and usage patterns, for more accurate reporting and to improve the effectiveness of our marketing. Information recorded through the use of these devices is aggregated and then shared with us. No personally identifiable information about you is collected or shared by DoubleClick, Yahoo!, Nielsen//NetRatings and WebTrends with HSBC as a result of this research. Should you wish to disable the cookies associated with technologies such as spotlight tags and/or web beacons etc, you may do so by changing the setting on your browser. However, you may not be able to enter certain part(s) of our website

To find out more about the use of cookies and the information-gathering practices and opt-out procedures of DoubleClick, Yahoo!, Nielsen//NetRatings and WebTrends, please visit DoubleClick’s website at www.doubleclick.net and/or Yahoo!'s website at http://privacy.yahoo.com/privacy/us/pixels/details.html and/or Nielsen//NetRatings website at http://www.netratings.com/privacy.jsp?section=leg_scs and /or WebTrends' website at http://ondemand.webtrends.com/privacypolicy.asp#PSFV
