> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the verajohn.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121208100130id_/http%3A//www.verajohn.com/about/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy | Vera&John

Vera&John is concerned to protect the privacy of any personal information that you may choose to provide to us ("Personal Information"). Personal Information is any information about you and may include your name and address, date of birth, payment card details and any other information you may wish to provide. Vera&John will attempt to ensure that its use of your Personal Information is compliant with data protection and privacy regulations in the countries where we operate. Accordingly, Vera&John issues this policy to inform you of our use of your Personal Information. 

_Is your Personal Information collected by our Website?_  
If you provide your name and address on the public area of this website in order to request information about our products and services, you may voluntarily provide additional Personal Information. You will be asked to provide your Personal Information in this area for the purposes of registering with Vera&John and opening an account with us. If you are already a Vera&John Client and have opened an account with us, you must use a password to enter the Vera&John Website. A "session cookie" may be used to enable you to leave and re-enter our Website without re-entering your password. Our web server will record the pages you visit within our Website. 

_How will we use your Personal Information?_  
We will process your Personal Information in accordance with applicable data protection law. Vera&John proposes to process your Personal Information for the following purposes: administering your account; maintaining our own accounts and records; monitoring website usage levels and quality of service; and informing you about products and services that you may be interested in from time to time ("the purposes"). Any recordings remain the property of Vera&John and will be used only for the purposes above. To ensure a good quality of service we may monitor any communication you have with us whether in writing or by electronic mail ("recordings"). E-mail is not encrypted to / from either the public or private areas of this website. Vera&John recommends that you do not send us Personal Information by e-mail. 

_Disclosing your Personal Information._  
Your Personal Information may, for the purposes described above, be transferred or disclosed by us to any associated company or business partner which is well placed to process your Personal Information for the purposes. We and these companies may from time to time retain third parties to process your Personal Information for the purposes and such processing will be governed by a contract in the form required by law. Where required by law or regulation your personal data may also be disclosed to an applicable governmental, regulatory or enforcement authority. 

_Consent_  
By providing your Personal Information and registering with us or logging on with us when you enter the website, you freely consent to the Vera&John Group processing and disclosing your Personal Information for the purposes and otherwise in the manner set out in this Policy. If you wish to qualify, vary, modify or limit your consent in any way then please notify us using the details shown on the support pages of our Website. 
