> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the verint.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-10-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061015164055id_/http%3A//www.verint.com/corporate/section2a.cfm%3Farticle_level2_category_id%3D3%26article_level2a_id%3D204) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Verint: About Verint: Legal: Privacy Policy

Last revised: October 17, 2005

Verint Systems Inc. (collectively with its subsidiaries, "Verint," "we, "us") shares your concerns about the protection of your personal information online. This Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes our practices regarding the collection and use of information through our websites, located at www.verint.com, www.loronix.com, www.smartsightnetworks.com, lanex.com, www.opusgroupconsulting.com, and all partner and customer extranets hosted by or on behalf of Verint (collectively, the "Site"). By using the Site, you signify your agreement to the terms and conditions of this Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use the Site. 

Please note that Verint reviews its privacy practices from time to time, and that those practices are subject to change. We ask that you bookmark and periodically review this page to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our Privacy Policy. You can determine when this Policy was last revised by checking the "Last revised" legend at the top of the Policy. To contact Verint about privacy issues, to report a violation of our Privacy Policy or to raise any other issue, please e-mail us at [info@verint.com](mailto:%20info@verint.com). 

This Policy is the sole authorized statement of Verint's practices with respect to the online collection of personally identifiable information and the usage of such information. Any summaries of this Policy generated by third party software or otherwise (for example, in connection with the "Platform for Privacy Preferences" or "P3P") shall have no legal effect, are in no way binding upon Verint, shall not be relied upon in substitute for this Policy, and neither supersede nor modify this Policy. 

The Information We Gather.Verint gathers two types of information about visitors to our Site: 

(1) Non-personally identifiable information: When visitors come to our Site, we collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages of the Site were visited, the order in which they were visited and which hyperlinks were "clicked." Collecting such information involves the logging of the IP addresses, operating system and browser software used by each visitor to the Site. Although such information is not personally identifiable, it may be possible to determine from an IP address a visitor’s Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity. 

We also use "cookies" — that is, small text files placed on a visitor’s computer hard drive — to help us determine the type of content and sites to which a visitor to the Site links, the length of time each visitor spends at any particular area of the Site and the Verint services visitors choose to use. Essentially, cookies are a visitor’s identification card for the Verint computers, or servers, that placed them there. Cookies are only read by the server that placed them, and are unable to execute any code or virus. Cookies allow Verint to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalize your experience at the Site. Nevertheless, you should be able to control how and whether cookies will be accepted by your web browser. For more information on how to do so, please refer to the documentation accompanying your browser. 

2) Personally identifiable information: You do not have to provide personally identifiable information to use the Site. However, particular services made available through the Site may require us to collect personally identifiable information from you. We collect such personally identifiable information only when you affirmatively provide it to us - for example, when registering for such services, when submitting an inquiry form to the Site, or in connection with responding to employment opportunities posted on the Site. You may be asked to provide your contact information (including, for example, first name, surname, street address, email address, telephone number) and, when applicable, information concerning your business or areas of interest. 

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children (defined herein as minors younger than thirteen years of age) without obtaining parental consent. 

How We Use (and Do Not Use) the Information We Gather.

Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways Verint uses the information that it gathers. Keep in mind that Verint cannot and does not assume any responsibility for any actions or omissions of third parties, including but not limited to our affiliates, and that we cannot and do not control the manner in which third parties use information received either from Verint or independently. 

(1) Non-personally identifiable information: Verint uses non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful online services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our visitors, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the Site. We may provide statistical information based on this data to affiliates and other current and potential business partners. We may also use the aggregate data to inform these third parties as to the number of people who have seen and clicked on links to their web sites. 

The Site contains links to other Internet web sites, as well as to co-branded or other affiliated sites which may or may not be owned or operated by Verint. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such web sites, including such sites’ use of any information (such as IP number, browser type or operating system) collected when visitors to the Site click through links to those sites. Even though such information might not identify you personally, we strongly encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of those sites. 

(2) Personally identifiable information: Although you are required to complete the registration process if you wish to use certain services on the Site, you may choose to "opt out" of receiving informational and promotional materials from Verint. Verint periodically sends such materials to those customers who have not "opted out" of receiving them. These mailings clearly indicate the originator of the e-mail and provide the customer with a method of "opting out" of receiving future communications of a similar nature. 

Individuals may provide Verint with personally identifiable information through offline means, such as business cards exchanged in connection with sales meetings or other business events. Verint reserves the right to contact such individuals, and to send them Verint informational and promotional materials via email. These mailings clearly indicate the originator of the e-mail and provide the individual with a method of "opting out" of receiving future communications of a similar nature. Such personally identifiable information will otherwise be treated in accordance with this Policy. 

If you contact us by email through the Site, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence, and reserve the right to use your email address, and any information you provide in your message, to respond thereto. In addition, from time to time we may email important information regarding the use of the Site or services to visitors who have provided us with their email addresses. Because this information may be important to your use of the Site, it is not possible to "opt out" of receiving these emails. 

Verint works with third parties who provide services that may include, but are not necessarily limited to, website hosting, data analysis and email services. We reserve the right to share personally identifiable information with such third parties for the purpose of providing such services, and will seek to impose confidentiality obligations on such service providers. 

Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right to release information concerning any visitor when that visitor is in violation of our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/web/20061015164055id_/http%3A//www.verint.com/corporate/section2a.cfm?article_level2_category_id=3&article_level2a_id=205) or other published guidelines, or partakes (or is reasonably suspected of partaking) in any illegal activity, and to release such information in response to court and governmental orders, civil subpoenas, discovery requests and as otherwise required by law. We also reserve the right to release information about our visitors when we believe in good faith that such release is required to protect the rights, property, safety or security of Verint, our visitors or the public, or to respond to an emergency. 

Security.

Verint has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of that visitor information which is under our control. Unfortunately, no security system, or system of transmitting data over the Internet, can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result of the foregoing, while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee the security of our servers, the means by which information is transmitted between your computer and Verint's servers, or any information provided to us or to any third party through or in connection with the Site. You provide all such information at your own risk. 

Changing or Deleting Personal Information. 

If you would like to have your personally identifiable information removed from Verint’s database or changed, please contact us at [info@verint.com](mailto:info@verint.com), and we will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request. (We may need to contact you in order to be sure that we are deleting or changing the appropriate information.) When requesting that personally identifiable information be removed, please keep in mind that there will be residual information that will remain within Verint databases, access logs and other records, which may or may not contain such personally identifiable information. The residual information will not be used for commercial purposes; however, Verint reserves the right, from time to time, to recontact former customers or visitors to the Site. 

Business Transfers.

Verint reserves the right to transfer any and all information that we collect from visitors, or that we otherwise collect concerning the Site, to a third party in the event of a sale or transfer of assets or of any portion of our business. 

Offline vs. Online Practices. 

Please note that this Policy applies solely to our online information-gathering and dissemination practices in connection with the Site, and does not apply to any of our practices conducted offline, with the following exception. Verint may merge information collected about you through offline means, such as business cards that we receive in connection with sales presentations, or in the course of attending seminars or other business events, with data about you that is stored in our databases.

Questions?

Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to Verint at [info@verint.com](mailto:%20info@verint.com). 

The Site and this Policy, © 2005 Verint Systems Inc. All rights reserved.
