> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vero.co privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180227203209id_/http%3A//www.vero.co/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy — Vero - True Social

VERO LABS, INC. 

##  **Privacy Policy**

Welcome to Vero, the online and mobile service of Vero Labs, Inc. (“Vero,” “we,” or “us”).  Our Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect information that applies to our Service, and your choices about the collection and use of your information.

1\.  How We Collect and Use Information

2\. Sharing of Your Information

3\. How We Store and Protect Your Information

4. Your Choices about Your Information

5. “Do Not Track”

6. Children’s Privacy

7. Links to Other Websites and Services

8. How to Contact Us

9. Changes to Our Privacy Policy

 **1\. HOW WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION**  
Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our [Terms of Use](https://www.vero.co/terms-of-use).

We collect the following types of information about you:

 **Information you provide us directly:** We ask for certain information such as your username, first and last name, phone number and e-mail address when you register for a Vero account, or if you correspond with us.  We may also retain any messages you send through the Service, and may collect information you provide in User Content you post to the Service.  We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service.

 **Information we may receive from third parties** : We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you access our websites or Service through a third-party connection or log-in, for example, through Facebook Connect, by “following,” “liking,” adding the Vero application, linking your account to the Vero Service, etc., that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to Vero.  This information could include, but is not limited to, the user ID associated with your account (for example, your Facebook UID), an access token necessary to access that service, any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us, and any information you have made public in connection with that service.  If you allow us access to your contacts list, your contacts’ user IDs, and your connection to those contacts, may be used and stored to make your experience more social, and to allow you to add your contacts on the Service as well as provide you with updates if and when your contacts join Vero. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Vero Service.  You may also unlink your third party account from the Service by adjusting your settings on the third party service.  If you unlink your third party account, we will remove the information collected about you in connection with that service.

 **Inviting a contact to use Vero from the “Add Contacts” feature:** If you choose to use our invitation service to invite a third party to the Service through our “Invite friends” feature, we may access and collect information from your contact list available on your mobile device and/or your email account, with your permission, in in order to locate your friends and contacts on the Service.. You understand that by inviting a friend to Vero through the “Invite friends” feature, you are directly sending a text or email from your personal accounts. In addition, you understand and agree that normal carrier charges apply to communications sent from your phone. Since this invitation is coming directly from your email or phone, we do not have access to or control this communication.

 **Adding Contacts on the Service:** If you choose, you can locate people you know with Vero accounts through our “Add Contacts” feature. The “Add Contacts” feature may allow you to choose to locate contacts either through (i) your contact list, (ii) social media sites (such as Twitter or Facebook), or (iii) through a search of names and usernames on Vero. If you choose to add your contacts through your contact list, then you agree to provide Vero access to your contact list such that we can regularly perform the search necessary to determine whether or not someone associated with the information you provide (including new contacts as you add them) is using Vero. If you choose to add your contacts through social media sites, then you understand that the information these sites provide to us to conduct this type of search is governed by their privacy policies and your account settings on those sites. If you choose to add your contacts through a search of names or usernames then simply type a name to search and see if that name or username appears on our Service.  Note that we do not retain any information contained in your contacts list, or information from social media sites about your contacts, and we do not use such information for any purpose other than to help you add your contacts on Vero.

We use this information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Service, as well as to communicate directly with you, such as to send you email messages and push notifications, to allow you to locate others and have others locate you on the Service, and to permit you to share content with others on the Service. We may also send you Service-related emails or messages (e.g., account verification, order confirmations, change or updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).  For more information about your communication preferences, see “Your Choices Regarding Your Information” below.

 **Use of cookies and other technology to collect information.**  
We automatically collect certain types of usage information when you visit our website or use our Service.  When you visit the Service, we may send one or more cookies — a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters — to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the site.  A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Service (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click, how frequently you access the Service, and other actions you take on the Service), and allow us to track your usage of the Service over time. We may collect log file information from your browser or mobile device each time you access the Service.  Log file information may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, information about your mobile device, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Service, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. We may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users.  In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients.  The information allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Service. We may also collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Service.  These tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit, your use of third party applications, and other information that assists us in analyzing and improving the Service.

When you access our Service by or through a mobile device, we may receive or collect and store a unique identification number associated with your device (“Device ID”), mobile carrier, device type and manufacturer, phone number, and location data (e.g., city and state) of your mobile device.

We use or may use the data collected through cookies, log file, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs information to:  (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information, including advertising external to the Service; (c) provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, usage, and demographic patterns on our website and our Service; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems; (f) otherwise to plan for and enhance our Service; and (g) automatically update the Vero application on your mobile devices.

 **2\. SHARING OF YOUR INFORMATION**  
We may share your personal information in the instances described below. For further information on your choices regarding your information, see the section below called, “Your Choices Regarding Your Information.”

Remember, our Services allow you to connect with others and share information about yourself with other individuals. Your profile information, including your name, photo and other personal information you include in your bio, will be available publicly to other members of the Service by default.   By using the Service, you consent to have your profile information displayed to other members of the Service.  Consider your own privacy and personal safety when logging in to our Service and sharing your information with anyone. Vero never shares your phone number and email address with other users on the Service.

 **We may also share your personal information with:  **  
Other companies owned by or under common ownership as Vero, which also includes our subsidiaries (i.e., any organization we own or control) or our ultimate holding company (i.e., any organization that owns or controls us) and any subsidiaries it owns.  These companies will use your personal information in the same way as we can under this Policy;

Third party vendors, consultants and other service providers that perform services on our behalf, in order to carry out their work for us, which may include, content or service fulfillment, or providing analytics services;

Third parties with whom we partner to provide contests and sweepstakes, which will usually be identified by name in the Official Rules of the contest or sweepstakes;

The public and other members of the Service at your request.  Any information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Service, such as User Content, becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy settings.  To change your privacy settings on the Service, please change your profile setting.  Subject to your profile and privacy settings, any User Content that you make public is searchable by other Users. If you remove information that you posted to the Service, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Service, or if other Users have copied or saved that information;

With other members of the Service so that you can be “found” on the Service.  When other members of the Service attempt to “Add Contacts” on the Service using their contact list or address book or by name search or user ID, we will identify you as an existing member of the Service if your contact information is in your friend’s address book. Similarly, we will let you know which of your contacts in your address book are already members of the Service based on the contact information associated with the member’s account;

Other parties in connection with any company transaction, such as a merger, sale of company assets or shares, reorganization, financing, change of control or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company or third party or in the event of bankruptcy or related or similar proceedings; and

Third parties as required to (i) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, subpoena/court order, legal process or other government request, (ii) enforce our [Terms of Use Agreement](https://www.vero.co/terms-of-use), including the investigation of potential violations thereof, (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third party claims or allegations, (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Vero, its users or the public as required or permitted by law and (v) detect, prevent or otherwise address criminal (including fraud or stalking), security or technical issues.

 **3\. HOW WE STORE AND PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION**  
 **Storage and Processing** :  Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States, United Kingdom, or any other country in which Vero or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which Vero or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy. 

  **Keeping your information safe** :  Vero cares about the security of your information, and uses commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Service.  To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity before granting you access to your account.  You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from Vero, at all times.  However, Vero cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Vero or guarantee that information on the Service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed.  Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of third party sites and services that you add to the Vero Service, such as social networks.  Vero is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.

 **Compromise of information** :  In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, Vero will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.

 **4.  YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION**  
 **Commercial and marketing communications:** We use the information we collect or receive to communicate directly with you.  We may send you emails containing newsletters, promotions and special offers.  If you do not want to receive such email messages, you will be given the option to opt out or change your preferences.  We also use your information to send you Service-related emails (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).  You may not opt out of Service-related e-mails. You will also be able to be “found” on Vero based on information that you provide (see “Adding Contacts on the Service”) above.

 **You control your account information and settings** :  You may update your account information at any time by logging into your account and changing your settings.  You can also stop receiving promotional email communications from us by clicking on the “unsubscribe link” provided in such communications.  We make every effort to promptly process all unsubscribe requests.  As noted above, you may not opt out of Service-related communications (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Service, technical and security notices).  If you have any questions about reviewing or modifying your account information, you can contact us directly at [support@verohelp.zendesk.com](mailto:support@verohelp.zendesk.com).

 **Opting out:   **The only way to completely opt out of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device.  Please refer to your mobile device or browser’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools.  (To learn more about cookies, clear gifs/web beacons and related technologies, you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org and/or the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, located at http://www.networkadvertising.org). Depending on your type of device, it may not be possible to delete or disable tracking mechanisms on your mobile device. Note that disabling cookies and/or other tracking tools prevents Vero or its business partners from tracking your browser’s activities in relation to the Service.  However, doing so may disable many of the features available through the Service.  If you have any questions about opting out of the collection of cookies and other tracking/recording tools, you can contact us directly at [support@verohelp.zendesk.com](mailto:support@verohelp.zendesk.com).

 **How long we keep your User Content** :  Following termination or deactivation of your User account, Vero may retain your profile information and User Content for a commercially reasonable time for backup, archival, or audit purposes.

 **5\. "DO NOT TRACK"**  
Although we do our best to honor the privacy preferences of our customers, we are not able to respond to Do-Not-Track signals from your browser at this time.  As discussed above, we track website usage information through the use of cookies for analytic and internal purposes only.  Because we do not collect this information to track you across websites over time, your selection of the “Do Not Track” option provided by your browser will not have any effect on our collection of cookie information for analytics or internal purposes. 

 **6\. CHILDREN’S PRIVACY**  
Vero does not knowingly collect or solicit any information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register as Users.  The Service and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.  If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at [support@verohelp.zendesk.com](mailto:support@verohelp.zendesk.com). 

 **7\. LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES AND SERVICES**  
We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Service, including the information or content contained therein.  Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Service to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services.  Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link or advertisement on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies.  In addition, you agree that we are not responsible for and we do not have any control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service (like Facebook) and you allow such a third-party access to your User Content you do so at your own risk.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources other than through the Service. 

 **8\. HOW TO CONTACT US**  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Service, please contact us at [support@verohelp.zendesk.com](mailto:support@verohelp.zendesk.com).

 **9\. CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY**  
Vero may modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time to reflect the changes in our business and practices, and so you should review this page periodically.  When we change the policy in a material manner we will let you know and update the ‘last modified’ date at the bottom of this page.   

 _This privacy policy was last modified on February 23,_ _  2018. _
