> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the versace.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121128132114id_/http%3A//www.versace.com/en/legal-notes/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Versace 2012

## THE PRIVACY POLICY OF THIS WEBSITE

### THE REASON FOR THIS INFORMATION NOTICE

This page describes how the website operates when processing the personal data of users visiting it. This information notice is also provided in terms of [Art. 13 of Legislative Decree no 196/2003 – Personal Data Protection Code](http://www.garanteprivacy.it/garante/doc.jsp?ID=1311248) to those interacting with the web services of Gianni Versace S.p.A. (hereafter also the "Company"), as accessible online from the following address: [www.versace.com](http://www.versace.com/) which is the home page of the Company's official website. The information is provided only for the Company's website and not for any other websites that the user might visit after following links. The information notice is also based on Recommendation no 2/2011 that the European Personal Data Protection Authorities, brought together in the Group established by [Art. 29 of Directive no95/46/CE](http://www.garanteprivacy.it/garante/document?ID=432175), adopted on May 17, 2011 to lay down certain minimum requirements for the gathering of personal data online. These minimum requirements describe the methods, timing and nature of the information that data controllers must provide users when they visit websites, irrespective of the purposes of such visits.

### THE DATA CONTROLLER

After visits to this website, data relating to persons identified or identifiable may be processed. The Data Controller is Società Gianni Versace S.p.A. whose registered office is in Via A. Mazoni 38, 20121, Milan (Italy).

### PLACE OF DATE PROCESSING

Processing relating to the web services of this website take place at the premises of single member company MAXUS S.r.l., registered office in via Carducci 14, 20123 Milano, which has been appointed as administrator of the Company website. No data resulting from web services is communicated or distributed to other parties.

### TYPES OF DATA PROCESSED

_Internet navigation data_

During their normal operations, the information systems and software routines that enable this web site to function acquire certain personal data whose transmission is implicit in the use of Internet communication protocols. Such information is not collected to be matched with identified data subjects but, given its nature, it could be processed and matched with data held by third parties to identify users. This data category includes the IP addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by users to access the website, the URI (Uniform Resource Identifier) addresses of resources requested, the time of the request, the method utilized to make the request to the server, the size of the file obtained in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the data reply from the server (successful, error, etc) and other parameters relating to the user's operating system and IT environment. Such data is used solely to obtain anonymous statistical information about utilization of the site and to check that it is working properly; the data is immediately cancelled after processing. The data could be utilized to determine responsibility in the event of any computer offences that damage the website; except in such circumstances, data on website hits is not retained for more than seven days.

_Data provided voluntarily by the user_

The optional, express and voluntary sending of emails to the addresses indicated on this website will lead to the subsequent acquisition of the sender's email address, as necessary to repay to requests made, and the acquisition of any other personal data included in the email. Specific summary information is reported or shown on the website pages created for particular services on request.

### COOKIES

No personal data or users is acquired by the website in this manner. The website does not use cookies to send information of a personal nature nor does it use persistent cookies of any type or any user tracking systems. Use of session cookies (which are not memorized in a persistent manner on the user's computer and disappear when the browser is closed) is strictly limited to the transmission of session identification details (consisting of random numbers generated by the server) required to enable the secure and efficient exploration of the website. The session cookies utilized on this website avoid the use of other information technology techniques that could potential affect the navigation confidentiality of users and they do not permit the acquisition of personal identity details of users.

### PROCESSING METHODS

Personal data is processed with automated tools for the time strictly necessary to fulfill the objectives for which it was collected. Specific security measures are observed to prevent the loss of data its unlawful or improper use and unauthorized access.

### RIGHTS OF DATA SUBJECTS

Data subjects have the right, at any time, to obtain confirmation that the said data does or does not exist, to be informed about its content and origin, to check its accuracy or to request its improvement or updating, or adjustment ([Art. 7 of Legislative Decree no 196/2003](http://www.garanteprivacy.it/garante/doc.jsp?ID=1311248)). In terms of the same article, data subjects have the right to request the cancellation, transformation into anonymous form or blocking of data processed in breach of the law and to oppose the processing of such data, for any legitimate reasons. Requests should be made to the Company by sending an email to [privacy@versace.it](mailto:privacy@versace.it) or by conventional mail to the following address:  
Società Gianni Versace S.p.A., via A. Manzoni 38, 20121 Milano, Italia
