> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 01.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-10-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151017090458id_/https%3A//zmailcloud.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Zimbra as a Service - zMailCloud

### ZMAILCLOUD WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY

The Internet is an amazing tool. It has the power to change the way we live. With only a few mouse-clicks, you can follow the news, look up facts, buy goods and services, email and collaborate with others around the world. It’s important to zMailCloud to help our customers retain their privacy when they take advantage of all the Internet has to offer. There is also private information that we must know to perform our jobs, such as trouble-shooting service issues together.

We believe your business is no one else’s. Your privacy is important to you…and to us. So we’ll protect the information you share with us. To protect your privacy, zMailCloud follows principles in accordance with worldwide practices for customer privacy and data protection.

  * We won’t sell your name, mail address, phone number, email address, credit card number or any other information to anyone without your permission.
  * We’ll use state-of-the-art security measures to protect your information from unauthorized access, no less than that which we use for the security of our own data.



#### NOTICE

We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you create a Registration ID on our site or when you download certain software, enter a contest, order email newsletters or subscribe to one of our services. We use your Personal Information for five primary purposes:

  1. To deliver service and securely bill you for services you order from zMailCloud.
  2. To make the site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.
  3. To help trouble-shoot the services you order from zMailCloud.
  4. To request feedback from you on our services.
  5. To alert you to planned outages, product upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from zMailCloud that may impact our service.



#### CONSENT

If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use most of the zMailCloud website, but you will not be able to access areas that require registration.

If you decide to subscribe, with the exception of request for feedback and messages about service interruptions or other messages that may directly impact your subscription services, such as those for billing and scheduled maintenance, you will be able to select the kinds of information you want to receive from us by subscribing to various services, like our electronic newsletter, blog and electronic survey system. If you do not want us to communicate with you about other offers regarding zMailCloud products, programs, events, or services by email, postal mail, or telephone, you will have the option to opt-out conveniently with a single-click, and not receive marketing messages from zMailCloud.

#### ACCESS

We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current. You may review and update this information at any time at our Online Billing Manager, Help Desk and Admin. There, you can:

  * View and edit personal information you have already given us.
  * Search our knowledgebase for answers to frequently asked questions.
  * Download software and updates.
  * Submit support tickets to track issues and their resolutions.
  * Add contacts, addresses and billing information.
  * Add, change and cancel services.



#### SECURITY

zMailCloud has taken strong measures to protect the security of your personal information and to ensure that your choices for its intended use are honored. We take strong precautions to protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.

When you place orders or access your personal account information, you’re utilizing a secure server using 256-bit SSL/TLS, which encrypts your personal information before it’s sent over the Internet. SSL and its newer version TLS is one of the safest encryption technologies available.

When you place your first order at a minimum, we utilize automated anti-fraud systems to assess the probable validity of your transaction, require some people to sign-up manually after additional verifications, and reject prospective customers that will not, or cannot be verified by our systems and processes.  We also perform monitoring and activities designed to prevent, recognize and limit bulk email messages identified as spam by recipients from being sent through our systems, to protect the reputation of our systems, and our uninterrupted ability to serve as your outbound email sender.

In addition, your transactions are guaranteed under the Fair Credit Billing Act. This Act states that your bank cannot hold you liable for more than $50.00 in fraudulent credit card charges. If your bank does hold you liable for $50.00 or less, we’ll cover your liability provided the unauthorized, fraudulent use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own and from purchases made from us over our secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.

zMailCloud strictly protects the security of your personal information and honors your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.

Inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access and additional protections. Your information will be stored and processed in the USA where zMailCloud and its data centers are located.

You also have a significant role in protecting your information. No one should be able to see or edit your personal information without knowing your user name and password, so do not share these with others.

#### ENFORCEMENT

If for some reason you believe zMailCloud has not adhered to these principles, please notify us by email at privacy ( at ) zMailCloud.com, and we will do our best to determine and correct the problem promptly. Be certain the words Privacy Policy are in the Subject line.

#### CUSTOMER PROFILES

As mentioned above, every registered customer has a unique personal profile. Each profile is assigned a unique personal identification number, which helps us ensure that only you can access your profile.

When you register, we create your profile, assign a personal identification number, and may send this personal identification number back to your hard drive in the form of a “cookie”, which is a very small bit of code. This code is uniquely yours. It is your passport to seamless travel across an zMailCloud website, allowing you to download free software, order free newsletters, and visit premium sites without having to fill out registration forms with information you’ve already provided. Even if you switch computers, you won’t have to re-register – just use your Registration ID to identify yourself.

#### WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION YOU SHARE

When you join us, you provide us with your contact information, including your name and email address. We use this information to send you updates about your order, questionnaires to measure your satisfaction with our service and announcements about new services that we offer, when those services may impact service, such as with upgrades and new features about which you may want to know. When you order from us, we ask for your credit card number and billing address. We use this information only to bill you for the product(s) you order at that time. For your convenience, we do save billing information to bill you for any recurring services you may have ordered, and in case you want to order from us again, and we don’t use this information again without your permission.

zMailCloud will disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on zMailCloud or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of zMailCloud and its family of Websites, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of customers of zMailCloud, its Websites, or the public, and, (d) conform to the policies of your organization in the case in which your organization is a client in good-standing of zMailCloud.
