> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the momjunction.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-02-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110214145815id_/http%3A//momjunction.com/members/privacyPolicy.aspx%3Fm%3DM%26p%3D1) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MomJunction

[ ](https://web.archive.org/members/aboutus.aspx)  
[ ](https://web.archive.org/members/management.aspx)  
[ ](https://web.archive.org/members/momadvisors.aspx)  
[ ](https://web.archive.org/members/advertise.aspx)  
[ ](https://web.archive.org/members/FAQ.aspx)  
[ ](https://web.archive.org/members/careers.aspx)  
[ ](https://web.archive.org/members/news.aspx)  
[ ](https://web.archive.org/members/termsofuse.aspx)  
  
[ ](https://web.archive.org/members/ContactUs.aspx)  
[ ](https://web.archive.org/members/homepage.aspx)  


| 

Momjunction.com is an online community that connects networks of moms. Momjunction knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and appreciates your expectation that we will use and share your information carefully and sensibly. By using the Momjunction.com website (the “Website”), by registering as a member (a “Member”) of the Momjunction.com service (the “Service”), or by otherwise interacting with Momjunction.com, you agree to accept the terms of this Privacy Policy. 

1\. Types of Information Collected by Momjunction.com Momjunction.com collects two types of information from its Members: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. 

Personally Identifiable Information. “Personally Identifiable Information” is information that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you. Personally Identifiable Information may include your name, address, email address, telephone number, birth date, and billing and credit card information. Momjunction.com requests Personally Identifiable Information from you when you register as a Member of the Service. Momjunction.com collects Personally Identifiable Information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to Momjunction.com. 

Non-Personally Identifiable Information. When you become a Member of the Service, Momjunction.com collects information that, by itself, cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information (like personal interests, age, education, profession or gender) ("Non-Personally Identifiable Information"). Non-Personally Identifiable Information may also include IP addresses, browser types, domain names, and other anonymous statistical data involving your use of the Website and/or Service. 

2\. Information Posted by You in Groups In addition to the types of information Momjunction.com collects from its members, Momjunction.com allows you to communicate with other Members and post information in Momjunction.com’s groups using the journal, calendar, scrapbook, trading post, and other similar features. Information that you post in any group will be accessible to Members who have been invited to that group. Members of a group decide who to invite to join the group. Therefore, groups may include people you do not know. While Momjunction.com attempts to limit access to groups to those who have been invited, Momjunction.com does not control who gets invited to a group, and it is possible for uninvited people to obtain access to a group. Momjunction.com also includes a “rippling” feature which allows you to share information with Members of your groups, which then may be “rippled” to Members outside of your groups. In addition, Momjunction.com includes a "public profile" feature which allows you to choose to share information about yourself (including your first and last name) with others. THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT APPLY TO ANY INFORMATION (INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION) YOU POST TO GROUPS OR MAKE AVAILABLE THROUGH THE PUBLIC PROFILE FEATURE. ALL SUCH INFORMATION IS PUBLIC INFORMATION AND MAY BE SEEN OR COLLECTED BY ANYONE, INCLUDING THIRD PARTIES NOT AFFILIATED WITH MOMJUNCTION.COM. Think carefully before disclosing any information in any group through Momjunction.com. Whenever you disclose Personally Identifiable Information through groups, that information can be collected and used by others. If you post Personally Identifiable Information in groups, you may receive unsolicited communications from third parties who have seen the information you posted. 

3\. Momjunction.com’s Use of Information It Collects Momjunction.com’s Use of Your Personally Identifiable Information. Momjunction.com may use your Personally Identifiable Information to send you updates, newsletters, or notifications related to the Website and/or Service. With the exception of the foregoing uses, your Personally Identifiable Information will not be shared or displayed by Momjunction.com to other Members. Members within a group may communicate with each other through the Service, without disclosing their email addresses. If you make your email address or any other Personally Identifiable Information part of your public profile, or post it in any group, that information will be publicly available, and Momjunction.com will not be able to control how it is used. To facilitate searching and finding friends and acquaintances on the Service, Momjunction.com allows Members to search for other Members using name, email address, postal code, and Momjunction.com member user name. 

Momjunction.com may aggregate your Personally Identifiable Information with Personally Identifiable Information of other Members, and disclose such information in a non-personally identifiable manner to advertisers and other third parties for marketing and promotional purposes. In these situations, Momjunction.com will not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to identify you personally. 

Momjunction.com, or Momjunction.com’s business partners, may sponsor promotions, sweepstakes or contests on Momjunction.com. If you participate in these events, you may be asked to provide Personally Identifiable Information or to answer questions that seek your personal information. Momjunction.com may transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to its business partners in conjunction with such events. Momjunction.com will try to make it clear at the point of collection whether Momjunction.com or one of its business partners is collecting the Personally Identifiable Information, and whose privacy policy will apply. 

Momjunction.com may transfer your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties such as Momjunction.com’s business partners and advertisers if you request information from those third parties. 

Unless you give Momjunction.com permission to do so, Momjunction.com will not sell, share, license, trade or rent your Personally Identifiable Information other than as specified in this Privacy Policy. 

Momjunction.com’s Use of Your Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Momjunction.com uses your Non-Personally Identifiable Information to help understand who uses the Website and the Service, and to improve and market the Website and the Service. Your Non-Personally Identifiable Information may be shared with third parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to you. 

Invite a Friend Feature. If you provide Momjunction.com with a friend’s email address through the Invite a Friend Feature, Momjunction.com will automatically send your friend an email inviting him or her to join the Service. Momjunction.com stores this email address for the purpose of sending the invitation and adding the friend to your group’s address book. Momjunction.com will not sell the email address or use it to send any other communication other than the invitation. 

Permitted Disclosures. Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, Momjunction.com will not disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to any third party unless Momjunction.com believes that disclosure is necessary or advisable: (1) in order to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by Momjunction.com, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) in order to enforce Momjunction.com’s Terms of Use or to protect Momjunction.com’s rights; or (3) in order to protect the safety of members of the public or Members of the Service. Momjunction.com reserves the right to transfer your information, including Personally Identifiable Information, to a third party in the event of a sale, merger or other transfer of all or any portion of the assets of Momjunction.com. In such a case, your information will be subject to such third party’s privacy policy. 

4\. Opt-Out If you no longer wish to receive notification emails or Momjunction.com newsletters, you may opt out of receiving such communications by logging into your account and changing your settings in the “Account Information” section. All notification emails and Momjunction.com newsletters also include instructions for opting-out of those communications in the future. 

5\. Use of Cookies Momjunction.com stores a cookie on your computer if you have cookies enabled. A cookie is a text file that a web site can send to your browser and store on your computer. A cookie does not contain Personally Identifiable Information about you unless you knowingly provide it. A cookie can note that your browser was used to visit certain sites, pages, or advertisements on a certain date. 

Momjunction.com uses cookies to enhance navigation and the functionality of the Website and Service, to securely verify your identity, and to personalize aspects of your experience with the Website and Service. For example, Momjunction.com uses a cookie to identify you when you enter the account registration portion of the Website so that Momjunction.com is able to provide you with personalized content. Momjunction.com also uses a cookie to maintain session information for you when you are logged-in, in order to prevent the need for re-entry of login information when browsing outside of the Website. 

You do not need to accept cookies in order to access and use the Website or Service. However, if you do not accept cookies, your experience with the Website and/or Service may be adversely affected. For example, you may not be able to maintain your login, or you may be unable to submit information to Momjunction.com. You can erase cookies that are already on your computer. For more information on working with cookies, consult the User Manual, FAQ, or Help function of your specific browser and operating system software. 

Advertisers and other third parties may also use their own cookies or action tags when you click on their advertisement or link to their website or service, on or from the Website. This Privacy Policy does not govern the use of your information by such third-party websites or providers of third-party advertising. 

6\. Security of Your Information Momjunction.com takes reasonable precautions to protect the privacy of your information that is stored within Momjunction.com’s database, and restricts access to your information to Momjunction.com employees who need access in order to perform their job functions. Momjunction.com maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards consistent with industry standards to protect your Personally Identifiable Information. Momjunction.com protects your Personally Identifiable Information by placing it on secure portions of the Website, using firewalls and other security technology to protect Momjunction.com’s network and systems from external attacks, and requiring you to enter a unique user name and password to access your account information online. 

You can help to ensure your security by taking a few simple precautions. To protect against unauthorized access to your Momjunction.com account and password, be sure to sign off from Momjunction.com when you finish using the Service. Do not disclose your password to any third party. Remember that you are responsible for all actions taken with your account or password. If you lose control of your account or password, you may lose control over your Personally Identifiable Information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. If you believe your account or password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password by logging into your account and accessing the “Change Password” feature. 

Notwithstanding Momjunction.com’s efforts to protect your Personally Identifiable Information from loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, there is always risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet. As with all Internet-based services, there is risk that others could find a way to thwart Momjunction.com’s security systems. As a result, while Momjunction.com strives to protect your information, Momjunction.com cannot ensure or warrant the security or privacy of any information you transmit to Momjunction.com, and you do so at your own risk. 

7\. Links to Third Party Web Sites The Website contains links to other web sites. Momjunction.com has no control over and is not responsible for the privacy policies or information gathering practices of these other web sites. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of every online service you use before submitting any information and direct any concerns to the web site administrator of that web site. 

8\. Reviewing and Changing Your Personally Identifiable Information You may modify or remove any of the Personally Identifiable Information you have provided to Momjunction.com through your registration at any time by logging into your account and accessing the “Edit Profile” feature. When you update your information, Momjunction.com may keep a copy of the prior version for its records. 

Upon your request, Momjunction.com will deactivate your account and remove your Personally Identifiable Information from Momjunction.com’s active databases. To make this request, please send an email [support@momjunctioncorp.com](mailto:support@momjunctioncorp.com). It is not technologically possible for Momjunction.com to remove each and every record of Personally Identifiable Information that you have provided to Momjunction.com. Momjunction’s need to back-up its systems to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your Personally Identifiable Information may exist in a non-erasable form that will be difficult or impossible for Momjunction.com to locate. After receiving your request, Momjunction.com will take prompt action to update, correct, change, or delete, as appropriate, all Personally Identifiable Information stored in databases actively used by Momjunction.com. Information posted by you to any portion of the Website will not be deleted by Momjunction.com. 

9\. Children Momjunction.com does not knowingly solicit information from or market the Website or Service to children. Children are not eligible to register as Members of the Service and Momjunction.com asks that minors (under the age of 18) do not submit any information to Momjunction.com. 

10\. Changes to Privacy Policy Momjunction.com may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Momjunction.com will post any changes to this Privacy Policy on the Website for you to review and accept upon logging into your account. 

For questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us at [support@momjunctioncorp.com](mailto:support@momjunctioncorp.com)

|   
  
---|---|---
