> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the momlogic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080623092322id_/http%3A//www.momlogic.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Warner Bros. Online: Privacy Policy

|  |  | 

UPDATED: July 7, 2004

Thank you for visiting Warner Bros. Online, a Warner Bros. Entertainment Group ("we" or "us") Web site. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the collection and use of the personal information you submit on Web pages where this policy is posted. As we operate internationally, and many of our computer systems are currently based in the United States, your personal data will be processed by us in the U.S. where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. If you create a user account with this site as a visitor from outside the United States, you will be asked during the initial registration to consent to the collection and/or processing in the United States of your personally identifiable information, which includes the use of cookies as described below. 

THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT 

At some Warner Bros. Entertainment Group Web sites, you can order products, enter contests, vote in polls or otherwise express an opinion, subscribe to one of our services such as our online newsletters, or participate in one of our online forums or communities. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected at these pages include: name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information, and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs, and services. At some other Warner Bros. Entertainment Group Web sites, you can submit information about other people. For example, you might submit a person's name and e-mail address to send an electronic greeting card and, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you might submit the recipient's name and address. The types of personally identifiable information that may be collected about other people at these pages include: recipient's name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number. At certain parts of some of our sites, only persons who provide us with the requested personally identifiable information will be able to order products, programs, and services, or otherwise participate in the site's activities and offerings. We also collect certain non-personally identifiable information when you visit many of our Web pages such as the type of browser you are using (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using (e.g., Windows 2000 or Mac OS), and the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, Earthlink). 

HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION 

We use the information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, and to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our subscriber agreements, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, or to contact you about your account with us. We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards. From time to time, we also may use this information to offer our products, programs, or services to them. The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience. We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs, or services. If you choose to submit content for publication (e.g., a "letter to our editors"), we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us. We use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze site usage, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services. We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, or as otherwise required by law. In addition, we may transfer information about you if we are acquired by or merged with another company. Agents and contractors of Warner Bros. Entertainment Group who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for Warner Bros. Entertainment Group. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy. At some places on our Site, we may ask your permission to disclose personally identifiable information about you to companies whose practices are not covered by this Privacy Policy (e.g., other marketers, magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases and non-profit organizations) that want to market products or services to you. If at some point you grant us permission to transfer your information for these purposes and later decide that you no longer want us to do so, simply send us an email at [privacy@wb.com](mailto:privacy@wb.com), and we will edit your preferences accordingly. We may, on occasion, combine information we receive online with outside records to enhance our ability to market to you those products or services that may be of interest to you. When registering with our site, we provide you with an opportunity to express your preferences with respect to receiving details about other products and services from Warner Bros. Entertainment Group and other Time Warner businesses and about products and services from selected third parties. If you ever decide in the future that you would like to update these preferences, you may do so by sending us an email at [privacy@wb.com](mailto:privacy@wb.com) and we will edit your preferences accordingly. Finally, we will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these unrelated uses. 

COLLECTION OF INFORMATION BY THIRD PARTY SITES AND SPONSORS 

Some of our sites contain links to other sites whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy policies, as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties. We sometimes may offer content (e.g., contests, sweepstakes, or promotions) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the site activity. We have no control over these third parties' use of this information. The site will notify you at the time of requesting personally identifiable information if these third parties will obtain such information. 

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp).

COOKIES AND OTHER TECHNICAL INFORMATION

We send "cookies" to your computer primarily to enhance your online experience. "Cookies" are files that can identify you as a unique customer and store your personal preferences as well as technical information (including click through and click stream data). Cookies can either be permanent (i.e., they remain on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last only until you close your browser). We may also use "Web beacons" that monitor your use of our sites. Web beacons (or Web bugs) are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a Web page for the purpose of transferring data, such as the IP (Internet Protocol) address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the Web beacon appears, the URL (Uniform Resource Locator) of the page on which the Web beacon appears, the time the page containing the Web beacon was viewed, the types of browser that fetched the Web beacon and the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server. When corresponding with you via HTML capable e-mail, Web beacons let us know whether you received and opened our e-mail. If you choose to furnish the site with personally identifiable information, this information can be stored in or linked to other data stored in the cookies/Web beacons. By accepting this Privacy Policy, you specifically agree to our use of cookies and Web beacons as described herein. You may adjust your browser to reject cookies from us or from any other Web site. Additionally, by setting your Web browser to display HTML e-mails as text only, you may be able to prevent the use of some Web beacons. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information. However, certain areas of our sites can only be accessed in conjunction with cookies or similar devices and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar devices might prevent you from accessing some of our content. 

OUR COMMITMENT TO SECURITY

We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. 

HOW YOU CAN ACCESS OR CORRECT INFORMATION

To access the personally identifiable information that this Warner Bros. Entertainment Group Web site has collected about you online from the pages on which this Privacy Policy is posted, to correct factual errors in such information, or to update your interests, preferences or other portions of your user profile, please send an email to [privacy@wb.com](mailto:privacy@wb.com). To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. 

CHILDREN'S PRIVACY

Visitors to this site may participate in many activities without providing any personally identifiable information. However, if a user wants to participate in certain of our interactive features, we ask the user to register and provide us with the following information: the user's e-mail address and age information. When the person who registers indicates that he or she is under 13, we will either collect no personally identifiable information from that individual or inform the child that a parent's verifiable consent is required or we will collect the e-mail address of the user's parent in addition to the user's e-mail address. We use the parent's e-mail address to seek the parent's verifiable consent or notify the parent of his/her child's online activities and enable the parent to unsubscribe his/her child from a newsletter or other similar activity. If a user is under 13, we will not condition his/her participation in an online activity on the disclosure of more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. We do not share children's information with outside third parties not bound by this Privacy Policy. If you would like to review any personally identifiable information that we have collected online from your child, have this information deleted, and/or request that there be no further collection or use of your child's information or if you have questions about these information practices, you may contact us at [privacy@wb.com](mailto:privacy@wb.com), or at Warner Bros. Online, Attn. Chief Privacy Officer, 4000 Warner Blvd., Bldg. 505, Burbank, CA 91522, (818) 977-0018. 

NOTIFICATION REGARDING UPDATES

From time to time, we may update this privacy notice. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by placing a notice on our site. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this policy so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and to whom we disclose it. 

HOW TO CONTACT US 

If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or its implementation you may contact us at: [privacy@wb.com](mailto:privacy@wb.com) or at Warner Bros. Online, Attn. Chief Privacy Officer, 4000 Warner Blvd., Bldg. 505, Burbank, CA 91522.  
| 
