> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the momontimeout.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180127204920id_/https%3A//www.momontimeout.com/about/disclosure) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclosure/Privacy Policy - Mom On Timeout

**Disclosure Policy  
**  
This policy is valid from 14 October 2011  
This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. For questions about this blog, please contact trish @ MomOnTimeout dot com.

This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.

The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

The owner(s) of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner(s) of this blog receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, we always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the bloggers’ own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.

To get your own policy, go to http://www.disclosurepolicy.org

____________________________________________________________

**  Privacy Policy**

This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Mom On Timeout collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the [http://www.MomOnTimeout.com](https://www.momontimeout.com/) website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Mom On Timeout.

**Personal identification information**

We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways in connection with activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site.. Users may visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.

**Non-personal identification information**

We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.

**Web browser cookies**

Our Site may use “cookies” to enhance User experience. User’s web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.

**How we use collected information**

Mom On Timeout may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:

  * _– To improve our Site_  
We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
  * _– To send periodic emails_  
We may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.



**How we protect your information**

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.

Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.

**Sharing your personal information**

We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.

**Third party websites**

Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.

**Advertising**

Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

**Changes to this privacy policy**

Mom On Timeout has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.

**Your acceptance of these terms**

By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.

**Contacting us**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:  
[Mom On Timeout](https://www.momontimeout.com/)  
[http://www.MomOnTimeout.com](https://www.momontimeout.com/)  
Mom On Timeout  
[[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)

This document was last updated on January 31, 2013

[](https://www.pinterest.com/pin/create/button/)
