> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the momsandmunchkins.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130527153324id_/http%3A//www.momsandmunchkins.ca/policies) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Policies

**Disclosure Policy**

This policy is valid from 19 January 2012

This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. For questions about this blog, please contact me through the “Contact Me” page.  This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.  The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog.  All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.  The owner(s) of this blog is not compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics.  The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the blog owners.  If we claim or appear to be experts on a certain topic or product or service area, we will only endorse products or services that we believe, based on our expertise, are worthy of such endorsement.  Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer or provider.  This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

I am an affiliate with Amazon.com, BigDotofHappiness.com, Tiny Prints, Inc. & Wedding Paper Divas, Birthday in a Box and My M&M’s. Any posts referring to products associated with these affiliate programs will be noted in the blog post.

To get your own policy, go to http://www.disclosurepolicy.org

**Comment Policy**

Comments are welcomed and encouraged on this site, but there are some instances where comments will be edited or deleted as follows:

  1. Comments deemed to be spam or questionable spam will be deleted. Including a link to relevant content is permitted, but comments should be relevant to the post topic.
  2. Comments including profanity will be deleted.
  3. Comments containing language or concepts that could be deemed offensive will be deleted.
  4. Comments that attack a person individually will be deleted.



The owner of this blog reserves the right to edit or delete any comments submitted to this blog without notice. This comment policy is subject to change at anytime.

**Privacy Policy  **

**What information do we collect?** We collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy..

**What do we use your information for?**

Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

  * To process transactions:  Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
  * To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
  * To send periodic emails



The email address you provide may be used to send you information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. **Do we use cookies?**

Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.

**Do we disclose any information to outside parties?**

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

**Notice Regarding Online behavioural Advertising**

We allow third party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our Web site.  These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g. click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you.  These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information.  To learn more about this behavioural advertising practice visit the NAI at [http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/).  To opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit <http://www.aboutads.info/choices>.

**Third party links**

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

**California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance**

Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.

**Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance**

We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.

**Online Privacy Policy Only**

This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.

**Your Consent**

By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.

**Changes to our Privacy Policy**

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this policy, please [contact us](http://www.momsandmunchkins.ca/contact/ "Contact").

This policy is powered by Free Privacy Policy and Rhino Support.

**Terms & Conditions Policy**

All content provided on this blog is for informational purposes only. The owner of this blog makes no representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any information on this site or found by following any link on this site. The owner will not be liable for any errors or omissions in this information nor for the availability of this information. The owner will not be liable for any losses, injuries, or damages from the display or use of this information. These terms and conditions of use are subject to change at anytime and without notice.

[](http://pinterest.com/pin/create/button/?url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.momsandmunchkins.ca%2Fpolicies%2F&media=&description=Policies) |   
---|---
