> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the momversation.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161014140526id_/http%3A//www.momversation.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Momversation

The Effective Date of this Privacy Policy is February 12, 2014. ****

**SUMMARY AND CONTACT INFORMATION**

This Privacy Policy applies to information collected through Digital Entertainment Corporation of America's (“DECA” or “we”) websites that post this Privacy Policy, including any features, applications, widgets or online services that post a link to this Privacy Policy, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or otherwise (collectively, the “Sites”).  This Privacy Policy only covers information collected via the Sites and does not cover any information collected via any other website or offline by DECA (unless specifically stated at the time of collection).  This Privacy Policy explains DECA's information collection practices at the Sites, such as the types of information DECA collects regarding visitors to the Sites and how we may use that information. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. By using the Sites or providing information via the Sites, you acknowledge that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy and agree to be bound by its terms and conditions.  If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, do not use the Sites, or provide any information via the Sites.  In addition, please review the [Terms of Use](http://www.momversation.com/terms-of-use) that govern your use of the Sites. 

DECA reserves the right, without advance notice to you, to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revisions and/or the revised Privacy Policy on the Sites.  Such revisions shall be effective to you immediately upon posting.  DECA encourages you to check this Privacy Policy and the [Terms of Use](http://www.momversation.com/terms-of-use) often for updates.

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or would like to contact DECA, email us at [privacy@deca.tv](mailto:privacy@deca.tv) or write to us at DECA, Attention: Privacy Policy, 1728 Olympic Blvd., Santa Monica, CA 90404.

**RESTRICTED ACCESS**

The Sites are offered only to users 13 years of age or older and if you are not yet 13 years old, or your use of the Sites is prohibited or restricted in any way by the laws, rules, regulations or other governmental requirements that are applicable to you, or if, for any reason and at any time, you do not agree with all of the terms and conditions of the [Terms of Use](http://www.momversation.com/terms-of-use), please discontinue using the Sites immediately.  By using or attempting to use the Sites, you are certifying that you are at least 13 years of age and meet all other eligibility requirements for your use of the Sites.  

In the event that DECA unknowingly sends an email or other message to, allows registration by or provides other services to a person who is not yet 13 years old or who does not meet the eligibility requirements for use of the Sites, such person or such person's parent or legal guardian may unsubscribe or opt-out from receiving future emails or other messages using the unsubscribe or opt-out mechanism contained in the email or message received, or request termination of such person's status as a user of the Sites by contacting DECA at the contact information listed above.

**NOTICE TO CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS**

Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, residents of the State of California have the right to request from companies conducting business in California a list of all third parties to which the company has disclosed certain categories of Personal Information (as defined below) during the preceding year for the third parties' direct marketing purposes, and the categories of Personal Information the company shares. Alternatively, the law provides that a company that has a privacy policy that provides consumers choice (opt-out or opt-in) regarding sharing Personal Information with third parties for those third parties' direct marketing purposes may instead provide information on how to exercise that choice.  In accordance with this alternate method, DECA provides you choice prior to sharing your Personal Information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  If you do not opt-in or if you do not choose to opt-out at the time DECA offers that choice, DECA does not share your information with that identified third party for its direct marketing purposes. To prevent disclosure of your Personal Information for use by a third party, do not opt-in to such use when you provide Personal Information via the Sites, or, if applicable, opt-out from such use.  Please note that whenever you opt-in to receive future communications from a third party or refrain from opting out from such sharing, your Personal Information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy.  If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use Personal Information.  You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information.

If you are a California resident and you have questions about our practices with respect to sharing information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes and your ability to exercise choice, please send your request to the following email address: [privacy@deca.tv](mailto:privacy@deca.tv) or write to us at DECA, Attention: Privacy Policy, 1728 Olympic Blvd., Santa Monica, CA 90404. You must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field of your email or include it in your writing if you choose to write to us at the designated mailing address. You must include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.

For more information about our privacy practices, including when your information may be shared with third parties for purposes other than the direct marketing use by third parties, please review our full Privacy Policy below.

**THE PERSONAL INFORMATION THE SITES COLLECT AND HOW DECA USES THE PERSONAL INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE TO DECA**

The Sites may ask you to provide personally identifiable information, which is information that could be used to identify you as a specific individual, such as your name, address, telephone number, demographic information, blog or other personal website URL, date of birth, email address and any other information that would allow someone to identify you or contact you (“Personal Information”).  Personal Information also includes information about your personal preferences, interests, survey responses and your transactions or relationship with the Sites, if you have been a user of the Sites or you have provided this type of information to DECA.  If we combine demographic or other information with the Personal Information we collect, we will treat it as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.

DECA may use your information, including your Personal Information: (1) to allow you to participate in features we offer; (2) to provide related customer service, including, without limitation, to respond to your questions, complaints or comments; (3) to provide you with information or services that you have requested or agreed to receive (either by opting in or choosing not to opt-out); (4) to process your registration with the Sites, including verifying that your email address is active and valid; (5) to improve the Sites or our services, to customize your experience on the Sites, or to serve you specific content that is most relevant to you, including serving you the web site or specific content related to the country we believe is applicable based on your geographic location **;**  (6) to contact you with regard to your use of the Sites and, in our discretion, changes to the Site policies; (7) for internal business purposes; and (8) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your Personal Information or otherwise with your consent.

Please note that information submitted to the Sites via a "contact us” or other similar function may not receive a response. We will not use the information provided via these functions to contact you for marketing purposes unrelated to your request unless we disclose otherwise at the time you submit your request.

This Privacy Policy is intended to apply only to the Personal Information collected by DECA as a result of your use of the Sites and does not cover any information collected in any other manner. 

**INFORMATION DECA COLLECTS AUTOMATICALLY AS YOU ACCESS AND USE THE SITES**

DECA, as well as any third-party advertisers, service providers and content providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect certain Site usage information whenever you visit or interact with us or our content found elsewhere on the internet (“Usage Information”). Usage Information may include browser type, operating system, all of the areas within our Sites that you visit, including content that you browse, and the time of day, among other information. We may use Usage Information for a variety of purposes, including to enhance or otherwise improve the Sites and our services. In addition, we automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for the particular device you use to access the Sites. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer, mobile phone, or other device used to access the Sites (each, a "Device") and our servers identify your Device by its Device Identifier. Some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the Device used to access our Sites. Usage Information is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we treat it as Personal Information **.** The methods that may be used to collect Usage Information include the following: ****

_COOKIES_

When you visit the Sites or otherwise access our online content, DECA may send one or more cookies - a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser.  Cookies may be used for many purposes, including, without limitation, remembering you and your preferences and tracking your visits to our web pages. **** DECA uses both session cookies and persistent cookies.  A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser.  Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site.  Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions.  A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser.  You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.  However, some features of the Sites may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. ****

_WEB BEACONS_

When you use the Sites, we may employ "clear GIFs" (a.k.a. Web Beacons) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our users anonymously (i.e., in a non-personally-identifiable manner).  In addition, we may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients.

Although DECA may track the numbers of visitors to inform DECA on how best to improve and update the Sites and enhance the experience for all visitors, other Personal Information is not extracted in this process.  DECA uses tracking information on an aggregated basis to help DECA operate Sites, enhance and improve DECA's services, improve the look of the Sites and display advertising and marketing information.

_EMBEDDED SCRIPTS_

An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Sites, such as the links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your Device from our web server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Sites, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter.

**INFORMATION THIRD PARTIES PROVIDE ABOUT YOU AND SOCIAL MEDIA INTERACTIONS**

We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, if you are on another web site and you agree to receive information from a Site or DECA, that web site will forward your contact and other information to us so that we may contact you as requested. You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature on our Sites (such as posting to your page on a third party service or otherwise linking the Sites with another web site or interactive service) or on a third party web site or service (such an application or feature on a third party web site or service) through which you post content or allow us to collect (or the third party to share) information about you, including Personal Information. The information we collect is subject to this Privacy Policy. The information collected and stored by the third party remains subject to the third party's privacy practices, including whether the third party continues to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on that third party web site and service. The third party may allow you to remove the application or feature, in which case we will no longer collect information about you through the application or feature, but we may retain the information previously collected. In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third party web site or service give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections” or information about you is otherwise accessible through your “connections” web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third party web site, application or interactive service.

We also may verify or supplement the information we collect with outside records from third parties in order to provide you with information, services or goods you have requested, to enhance our ability to serve you, to tailor our content to you and to offer you opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We may combine the information we receive from those other sources with information we collect through the Sites. In those cases, we will apply this Privacy Policy to the combined information.

**OUR DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES AND OTHER SPECIFIC USES OF PERSONAL INFORMATION BY DECA**

DECA does not sell, rent, lease or disclose your Personal Information to unaffiliated entities or entities that are not our advertisers, except in the limited circumstances listed below.  DECA may disclose Personal Information to our Affiliates for marketing or administrative purposes. An "Affiliate" is a person or entity that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by, or is under common control with, DECA.

_WHEN YOU AGREE TO RECEIVE INFORMATION FROM THIRD PARTIES OR OTHERWISE REQUEST THAT WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION_

You may be presented with an opportunity to receive information and/or marketing offers from one or more third parties. If you agree at that time to have your Personal Information shared, your Personal Information will be disclosed to that third party (or parties) and will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of that third party. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of third parties, and, if you later decide that you no longer want to receive communications from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly.

You also may request, sometimes through your use of an interactive feature or third party application, that we share information about you with a third party and we will typically do so under those circumstances. For example, if you “like” content on our Sites, information about you may transfer to the third party offering that application on our Sites and to the third party web site to which you are posting.

_OPERATIONAL SERVICE PROVIDERS_

DECA retains the right to disclose your Personal Information to third parties for the purpose of administering and maintaining the Site's services, features, functions and operations.  DECA will refer to these third parties as "operational service providers" and DECA uses operational service providers to efficiently provide the full range of our content and the services, features and functions we bring you and we request that our operational service providers also protect your privacy and not disclose your Personal Information to third party marketers that are not associated with the Sites.  Additionally, such operational service providers are not permitted to use your Personal Information for their own marketing or promotional purposes.

_CREDIT CARD INFORMATION_

DECA may ask you to provide your credit card and billing information.  Before providing you goods, content, products, memberships or services requiring payment, DECA must verify that the credit card you provide to DECA is valid.  All of this information is used for credit purposes and is shared with third parties only as necessary for the processing of payments.  All credit card information is handled over secure, encrypted connections provided it is submitted by the user through the normal collection process; however, DECA does not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur. 

_CONTESTS, SWEEPSTAKES AND PROMOTIONS_

Registration may be required to enter promotions such as contests and sweepstakes and other promotions (collectively, “Promotions”) we may offer.  These may have a separate registration or entry process and may require your submission of Personal Information.  The entry page and/or the official rules will provide the specific requirements for the Promotion involved and how the Personal Information you submitted for the Promotion will be used.  You may also have the opportunity to opt-in to special offers from our advertisers in connection with many of these types of Promotions.

_OFFERS  _

DECA may contact the Site users or others that have registered for or participated in various Promotions, transactions or events, or send offers for the purchase of goods and/or services that may of interest to users.  You can use the opt-out mechanism that is contained in the emails DECA sends you.  However, DECA may continue to contact you via email for administrative or informational purposes, including follow-up messages regarding any services, features or functions you have enrolled or registered to use, any Promotions you have participated in or have entered, goods or services you have ordered or other transactions you have undertaken with the Sites.

_POLLS & SURVEYS_

DECA may from time to time request that you participate in polls and/or surveys.  The information you provide to DECA if you participate in such polls or surveys is provided voluntarily by you.  If you participate in polls or surveys, you do so with the understanding that DECA reserves the right to store the information you provide and to use such information for the general improvement of the Sites.

_REGISTRATION_

We may require you (now or in the future) to register with us when using all or a portion of the Sites. When you register with the Sites, you may be required to provide DECA with your e-mail address, as well as additional Personal Information. Among other things, these kinds of information help DECA securely identify you as a registered user of the Sites and those services, features and functions you have registered for. As a registered user of the Sites, from time to time, DECA may also provide you with certain options to opt-in to subscribe to e-mail newsletters and other periodic information. You will also have the right to opt-out or change your preferences at any time by logging in with your User ID and changing the settings in your account or you can opt-out or unsubscribe to particular e-mail communications by responding to that e-mail and using the 'unsubscribe' or opt-out procedure included in that communication. If you are a registered user, you acknowledge, understand and agree that you are giving DECA your consent to track your activities, your use of the Sites and its functions and features.

_REGISTRATION WITH THE SITES TO JOIN OUR BLOG ORMULTI CHANNEL NETWORKS_

When you register to receive more information regarding joining our multi-channel network (MCN) or blog network, you are required to provide DECA with your name, email address and additional Personal Information. DECA will use such information to evaluate your application to join the applicable network. 

_USER SUBMISSIONS_

You may be able to submit comments, ideas, reviews, suggestions and other content ("User Content") to the Sites. DECA may publish User Content online or offline in any media or format (currently existing or later developed). Registered users that submit/upload User Content (including audio or video content) may also be required to submit additional Personal Information.  DECA reserves the right to monitor, edit, and disclose your use of the Sites, information pertaining to User Content or its contents to a third party, particularly if DECA believes such action is required by law or is necessary to protect and defend our rights, to enforce this Privacy Policy or the [Terms of Use](http://www.momversation.com/terms-of-use), or to protect the interests of our users, Affiliates, advertisers, suppliers, service providers and others. Subject to applicable law, we may also publish your name, voice, likeness and other Personal Information with your User Content, and DECA may use the User Content, or any portion of the User Content, for advertising, marketing, publicity and promotional activities.  

_SHARING OF AGGREGATE INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES_

Some of the aggregate data DECA collects in connection with the Sites may be shared with advertisers and other business partners of DECA and/or its Affiliates, but DECA does not give any Personal Information to them as part of the relationship except as described in this Privacy Policy.  Use of their tracking technology is subject to their own privacy policies.

_ADMINISTRATIVE, LEGAL OR OTHER DISCLOSURES_

DECA may also make your Personal Information available to third parties in the following circumstances: (1) when DECA is compelled to do so by a governmental agency, court or other entity (e.g., to respond to subpoenas, court orders or legal process); (2) if DECA believes your actions violate any law, regulation, this Privacy Policy, our [Terms of Use](http://www.momversation.com/terms-of-use), or any of our other terms and conditions, rules, offerings or any other services, features or functions of the Sites, or if you threaten the rights, property or safety of the Sites, DECA or its Affiliates, or any of its or their service providers, suppliers, advertisers, customers, users, registered users or any other party; (3) if, in its sole discretion, DECA believes such disclosure to be necessary or appropriate to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, to protect DECA 's or its Affiliates' business and assets, to defend DECA's or its Affiliates' interests and/or to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations; or (4) to a subsequent owner, co-owner or operator of the Sites or component of the Sites, such as a database or in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of certain of DECA's ownership interests, assets, or both, or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process.

**THIRD PARTY ANALYTICS PROVIDERS, ADVERTISERS, AND AD SERVERS**

The Sites may contain advertisements, references and links to other websites and organizations.  DECA may also use third parties to display or serve advertising on the Sites and web-based newsletters or other communications that you may choose to receive.  Often these third party advertisers employ cookie and web bug technologies to enable such advertisers to market products and services to you, to monitor which ads have been served to your browser and which webpages you were viewing when such ads were delivered.  If you would like more information about this practice and to know more about your choices, please visit: <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>, which also provides an “opt-out” for many of the third party ad servers we use to serve our advertisements across the internet and on our Sites. You should be aware that different rules might apply to the collection, use or disclosure of your information by third parties in connection with their advertisements, promotions and other websites you encounter on the Internet.  The use of such technology by these third parties is within their control and not in the control of DECA.  Even if DECA has a relationship with the third parties, DECA does not control their sites or their policies and practices regarding your Personal Information.  This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of Personal Information that a third party, including an advertiser or ad server, may collect from you. DECA encourages you to investigate and ask questions directly of them in this regard.

**USE OF COMMUNITIES**

If you use any of the community features and functions (including choosing to “like” content) that may be made available on or through the Sites, please remember that any information disclosed in these venues is automatically made public and a third party may have access to information about you and your use of our Sites. You should exercise caution when disclosing any Personal Information in such communities, as you do not know who will access and use your Personal Information or for what purposes.  DECA will be in no way responsible for the accuracy, use, or misuse of any information that you disclose or receive through these venues, if any, and you should assume that any disclosure you do make in these venues will be available publicly, even without your knowledge or authorization.  Additionally, to the extent that the Sites may have certain features that allow you to send information to others, DECA may, but is not obligated to, monitor such messages via electronic software or personnel to check for obscenity, defamation or other types of abusive language, as well as for content that may infringe DECA's rights or the rights of others, all of which we may remove at any time.  DECA will not otherwise access these messages except in certain cases, including but not limited to times when we receive specific complaints related to a particular message or are compelled to do so by law.  Also for administrative purposes, DECA may opt to keep a mail log that will include a record of which users sent messages and to which users or email addresses they were sent. We will use the addressee information you enter only to send the emails you request. 

**INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE ABOUT A THIRD PARTY**

If you send someone else a communication from the Sites, such as sending a video to a friend, the information you provide (names, email addresses, etc.) is used on a one-time basis to facilitate the communication and is not used for any other marketing purpose unless we obtain consent from that person.

**CHANGING YOUR SUBSCRIPTIONS**

You may cancel or modify your subscriptions to emails you have elected to receive from the Sites by following the instructions contained within the email you receive from the Sites. Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of the Sites (for example, administrative and service announcements) and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you opt-out from marketing communications. 

**THIRD PARTY CONTENT, WIDGETS, AND LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES**

The Sites may contain content that is hosted and served by third parties, which may include third party widgets (such as those that allow you to share content with third party web sites and online services), and those third parties may collect Site usage information and your Device Identifier when web pages from the Sites are served to your Device. And, the Sites may contain links to other third party web sites that DECA does not control. In addition, DECA widgets may be included on web pages and web sites that are not associated with us, and over which we have no control. These other web sites may send their own cookies to your Device, independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. DECA is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party.

**UNITED STATES OPERATIONS**

The Sites are designed and targeted to United States ("U.S.") audiences and is governed by and operated in accordance with the laws of the U.S.  DECA makes no representation that the Sites are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations or is governed by other nations.  If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the U.S. and you use the Sites, you do so at your own risk and initiative and you are responsible for compliance with all of the laws and regulations that apply to you.  Please be aware that any Personal Information you provide to DECA or DECA obtains as a result of your use of the Sites will be transferred to the U.S and subject to U.S. law.  By using the Sites, participating in any Site activities and/or providing DECA with your Personal Information, you consent to the transfer to and processing of Personal Information in the U.S. and in other countries that may not have an equivalent level of protection or a level of data protection considered adequate in your jurisdiction.  Consequently, you hereby waive any claims that may arise under the laws and regulations that apply to you in or of any other jurisdiction.

**SECURITY**

DECA maintains commercially reasonable standards of security and confidentiality.  However, no data transmission over the Internet, wireless transmission or electronic storage of information can be guaranteed to be completely secure. Please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information we collect, and that you use our Sites and provide us with your information at your own risk.

**USER REQUIREMENTS**

All users of the Sites are required to provide current, complete, true and accurate Personal Information when prompted and DECA may reject and delete any entry that DECA believes in good faith to be false, fraudulent, or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.

It is your responsibility to give DECA current, complete, true and accurate information and to keep the Personal Information that you provide to DECA up to date. DECA cannot and will not be responsible for any problems or liability that may arise if you do not give DECA current, complete, true or accurate information or you fail to update the information you give DECA.

Your continued participation on the Sites indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and of the collection, use, disclosure, management and storage of your Personal Information as described below.  DECA may, from time to time, transfer or merge any Personal Information collected off-line to online databases or store off-line information in an electronic format.  DECA may also combine Personal Information DECA collects online with information available from other sources, including information received from our Affiliates, marketing companies, or advertisers.  This Privacy Policy covers all such Personal Information and will remain in full force and effect until terminated in accordance with the [Terms of Use](http://www.momversation.com/terms-of-use), even if your use of or participation in any particular service, feature, function or promotional activity terminates, expires, ceases, or is suspended or deactivated for any reason.

**RESERVATION OF RIGHTS**

DECA reserves the right to deny access, use and registration privileges to any user, including, without limitation, a user of any services, features or functions of the Sites, if DECA believes there is a question about the identity of the person trying to access any services, features or functions of the Sites.  In addition, bear in mind that when you submit information to DECA, it does not guarantee that DECA will permit you to use any or all of the features of functions of the Sites. If the burden or expense of providing access to your Personal Information is disproportionate to the risks to your privacy, or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated, we may decide not to provide access to such information.  In such cases, DECA will provide to you an explanation of why access cannot be provided and a contact person for further inquiries.

**QUESTIONS**

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or if you do not understand any information about how DECA collects, maintains, uses or shares your personally identifiable information, you may email us at [privacy@deca.tv](mailto:privacy@deca.tv) or write to us at DECA, Attention: Privacy Policy, 1728 Olympic Blvd., Santa Monica, CA 90404.
