> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the era.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051212113933id_/http%3A//www.era.com/era/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Real Estate, ERA Real Estate - Properties for Sale

Introduction  
We at **ERA Franchise Systems, Inc.** and the family of companies at Cendant Corporation, our owner, (referred to as " **ERA** " "we," "us," or "our") recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of certain information ("Information") collected about our customers and prospective customers (referred to as "Customers," "you" or "your"). This privacy statement discloses what information we gather, how we use it, and how to correct or change it. At **ERA** it is our intention to give you an understanding about how we collect your Information and the use we make of it in the course of our business. 

**ERA** does not own, operate or control the websites of our franchisees or sales associates (collectively "Franchisee(s)"). This Policy does not apply to a Franchisee's website or to a Franchisee's collection, use, storage and disclosure of personal information about you ("Personal Information"). Franchisees may also use e-mail campaigns and other methods of telephone, electronic, and direct mail solicitation without our consent or knowledge, and are solely responsible for their content and methods of identifying and contacting addressees. 

When Personal Information is sent by a Franchisee to us as described in this policy, it will be treated in accordance with this policy as described below. 

What Information Does ERA Collect?  
**ERA** gathers two types of information about Customers: data that Customers provide through optional, voluntary registration on our sites; and data **ERA** gathers through aggregated tracking, mainly by tallying page views throughout our sites. Such information enables us to tailor our content to fit Customers' needs better and to help our advertisers understand our audience. Because **ERA** derives its revenue mainly from advertising and e-commerce, providing such aggregated data is essential to keeping our service free to Customers. However, be assured that **ERA** will not disclose personal Information to third parties without your consent, except as may be noted in this Privacy Policy or disclosed to you when the Information is submitted. 

Please note that when you submit a request through this website to be contacted by a Franchisee or **ERA** sales office, and/or to obtain information regarding a property listing from such Franchisee or sales office, your Personal Information will be submitted directly to a Franchisee, and we do not control, nor are we responsible for, the use and handling of such information by such Franchisee. 

How Does ERA Collect Information?

_Optional registration_

We collect information by specifically requesting it from you. Generally this occurs when you register at a site or request information or a service. Usually, the **ERA** sites and **ERA** 's service partners use your information to operate the sites and to deliver services. **ERA** sites also use your information to inform you about other products or services available from **ERA** and its affiliates. 

_Usage tracking_

Use of Internet Protocol ("IP") Addresses:  
An IP address is a unique number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Internet so that your computer can be identified by the main computers, known as "Web servers," that "serve up" Web pages. 

**ERA** and/or its affiliates collect IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregated information to our advertisers, and to audit the use of our site. When Customers request pages from **ERA** 's and/or its affiliates' sites, our servers log the Customers' IP addresses. We do not normally link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a Customer's session will be logged, but the Customer will remain anonymous to us. We can and will use IP addresses to identify a Customer when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our site terms of use or terms of service or to protect our service, site, customers or others. 

Use Of Cookies  
What are cookies? Cookies are small pieces of information that a Web site sends to yours computer for record-keeping purposes, which information is stored in a file on your computer. Cookies make Web surfing easier for you by saving your preferences so that we can use the saved information to facilitate your use of our Web site when you return to the site. Cookies do not tell us your individual identity unless you have chosen to provide it to us. We never save passwords or credit card information in cookies. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and as such, you'll find that most major Web sites use them. 

By showing how and when Customers use a site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the site are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This information is most easily tracked with cookies. We use the information from cookies to provide services better tailored to our Customers' needs. 

Most cookies expire after a defined period of time, or you can delete your cookie file at any time. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, note that some parts of **ERA** and/or its affiliates' services will not function properly or may be considerably slower if you refuse cookies. For example, without cookies, you will not be able to set personalized preferences, and/or may have difficulty completing marketing transactions. 

**ERA** and/or its affiliates have two primary uses for its cookies. First, we use them to specify a Customer's preferences. For example, Customers can specify keywords across several categories or markets so you don't have to tell us repeatedly about certain features in the home you are seeking. Second, we use cookies to track Customers' Web site usage trends and patterns. This helps us understand our Customers' needs better and improve areas of **ERA** 's and/or its affiliates services that our Customers find valuable. While both of these activities depend on the use of cookies, you have the option of disabling the cookies via your browser preferences. 

You may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers. **ERA** and/or its affiliates do not control these cookies. The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard in the Internet industry. 

With Whom Does ERA Share My Information?  
As a general rule **ERA** will not disclose any "Personal Information" in a manner that connects you with the Personal Information, except when we have your permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or under the circumstances described below. We may use third party service providers to perform services on our behalf, and we provide Personal Information to such providers solely for the specific services that they are performing. These service providers are prohibited from using or disclosing Personal Information for any other purpose. 

The following describes some of the ways that your Personal Information may be disclosed. 

Business Partners & Sponsors: **ERA** may disclose some or all of your Personal Information to business partners or sponsors, but this use will be specifically described to you prior to data collection or prior to transferring the data. Many promotions offer opportunities to request additional information from sponsors. By requesting more information, you give **ERA** permission to transfer your Personal Information to the sponsor so they can fulfill your request. In many instances, only your e-mail address will be shared. If more Personal Information will be shared with the sponsor, you will be notified prior to the transfer. 

Third Party & Aggregate Data: From time to time, you may be offered the opportunity to receive materials or special offers from third parties. If you opt to receive information from these third parties, **ERA** will (with your permission) share your name and e-mail address with such third parties. Under confidentiality agreements, **ERA** may match Personal Information with third party data. Also, **ERA** may keep track of what portions of the Web site Customers are visiting and other Customer statistics, and aggregate this information to help us create a better experience for users of our Web site. This is all done without knowing your name or other Personal Information in order to describe our viewers and services to prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties, and for other lawful purposes. 

Other: Unless otherwise prohibited by law or our contractual obligations, **ERA** may also disclose account Personal Information or other information about you if required to do so by law, court order, or as requested by a governmental or law enforcement authority, or under the discovery process in litigation, investigations and prosecutions, or in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this Information is necessary or advisable, including but not limited to, the following situations: to perform, maintain or enforce contracts our customer, Franchisees, or others; to protect the rights or property of **ERA** , our affiliates, employees, service providers, customers or others; to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating **ERA** 's terms of use or terms of service, or may be causing injury to or interference (either intentionally or unintentionally) with any of **ERA** 's rights or property, other **ERA** Customers, or anyone else. **ERA** may disclose or access account Information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it and for administrative and other purposes that we deem necessary to maintain, service, and improve our products and services. 

How Can You Control the Usage of Information?  
Except as otherwise permitted or required by law, we will not collect, use, or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information without your consent. Generally, by providing us with your Personally Identifiable Information, you are communicating your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of such Information for the purposes for which you provided the information to us, and as described in this Policy. 

In case you change your mind or some Personal Information changes (such as your zip code or e-mail address), we will try to provide a way to correct, update or remove the Personal Information that you give us. We also give you the opportunity to control the communications we direct to you. We offer Customers the opportunity to "opt out" of having Personal Information shared with parties outside of **ERA** and/or its affiliated companies. If a Customer wishes to update Personal Information or objects to any usage provided herein for any reason, he/she may e-mail the requested change to: [interactive.marketing@ERA.com](mailto:interactive.marketing@ERA.com). 

What Happens When You Link to a Third Party Site?  
You should be aware that when you are on **ERA** 's and/or its affiliates' sites you could hyperlink or be directed to other sites that are beyond our control and/or outside our service. For example, if you "click" on a link to a Franchisee or sales office website, or to a banner advertisement or a ERA.com search result, the "click" may transfer you off the ERA.com site. These other sites may include sites of advertisers, sponsors and partners that may use **ERA** 's and/or its affiliates' logo as part of a co-branding agreement. Franchisee sites and these other sites may send their own cookies to Customers, collect data, or solicit Information. 

**ERA** and its affiliates do not control Franchisee and sales office sites or such other third party sites, and, therefore, are not responsible for their contents or the hyperlinks or advertising they choose to place on such sites. **ERA** 's and/or its affiliates' inclusion of hyperlinks to these sites do not imply any endorsement of the material on such sites or any association with their operators. **ERA** 's policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, which is beyond **ERA** 's and its affiliates' control. 

Once you link to a third party web site and leave our Web Site, your interaction with these third party web sites will no longer be governed by our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy. These third party web sites may have separate privacy and data collection practices, and security measures. Given that we have no control over these third party web sites, we have no responsibility or liability for the practices, policies and security measures implemented by such third parties on their web sites. We encourage you to contact these third parties to ask questions about their terms of use, privacy practices, policies and security measures before disclosing Personally Identifiable Information on linked web sites. 

Please keep in mind that whenever you give out information online (for example, via message boards or chat) that information can be collected and used by people you don't know. While **ERA** and its affiliates strive to protect their Customers' information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online, and you disclose such information at your own risk. 

Transborder Transfers of Information  
Information (including Personal Information) that you submit to **ERA** through our website will be collected and processed by us and/or our service providers at our facilities located in the United States. Therefore, by browsing our website and communicating electronically with us, you acknowledge and agree to our continued practice of collecting and processing of your Personal Information in this manner. 

Is My Information Secure From Others Using the ERA Site?  
The security security of all information associated with our Customers is an important concern to us. We exercise reasonable care in providing secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers. Unfortunately, given that we do not control transmissions or traffic over the Internet or through third party communication service providers, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of such transmissions or your Information. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, **ERA** and its affiliates can't ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, **ERA** uses industry standard efforts designed to safeguard your information, such as firewalls and Secure Socket Layers. 

YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS  
By using this site, you signify your agreement to **ERA** 's Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THIS SITE. **ERA** reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy ("Revised Policy") at any time without prior notice. Such Revised Policy shall be effective immediately upon posting, and shall govern your rights and our obligations with respect to the use, disclosure and protection of your Information as of such posting. You should check this Policy periodically for, and read carefully, any such Revised Policy if you are concerned about how your Information will be used and before continuing on with your use of this Web Site. Your continued use of this Web Site following the posting of such Revised Policy signifies your agreement with such Revised Policy. 
