> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sandhira.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-10-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20131014230546id_/http%3A//www.sandhira.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Sandhira encourages you to read this Privacy Policy very carefully. Sandhira believes that privacy and security of personal information is everyone's responsibility and we, at Sandhira follow industry standards and state of the art technologies to protect our website and expect members to observe our tutorials and technologies to optimize their privacy. By accessing or otherwise using our website in any form, you agree to the terms mentioned in this Privacy Policy and you give your free consent to the processing of your Personal Information and Anonymous Information according to this Privacy Policy. We request you to review this section periodically for the latest information about the privacy practices at [www.sandhira.com](http://www.sandhira.com/) (herein shall be referred to as "Sandhira", "we", "us", "our", “website”). If you do not agree to the practices described in this Privacy Statement below, please exit this page and do not provide us with your personal information or interact with any of the sites of Sandhira Inc. group, otherwise Sandhira Inc. will not be held responsible for any further issues. All group companies under Sandhira Inc. are required to protect individual personal information in accordance to the principles mentioned below. In addition to that, we encourage you to view our agreement of Terms of Usage (published at <http://www.sandhira.com/terms-of-use>) which describes the terms and conditions for individuals and merchants using the website.

We, at Sandhira, are greatly concerned about your privacy. By publishing this privacy statement, we intend to inform you our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any information you submit to us through Sandhira Inc., group websites. This Privacy Statement ("Privacy Statement") explains how Sandhira uses individual information. It describes your privacy rights regarding our collection, usage, storage, sharing, and protection of your personal information we have with us. The Privacy Statement applies to any and all who use our Web site, mobile apps, electronic services, social networking sites, or any individual, city-specific, business partner-specific, merchant-specific, or other area-specific web sites (collectively, referred as the "Site") we offer that link to or reference to this Privacy Policy and when you receive electronic communications in any form from our side.

We are committed to protect your privacy and we will be doing to the best of your interest. We will be using the information we collect about you lawfully and in accordance with the prevalent cyber laws applicable in the United States of America/Canada (whichever applicable to the individual).

  
We will routinely update this Privacy Statement to clarify our practices and to reflect new or different privacy practices, such as when we add new services, functionality or features to the Site. You can determine when this Privacy Statement was last revised by referring to the date it was "Last Updated" above.

**Information: What we collect and how we use**  
We value our customers and that is why we feel that our customer would benefit from a more personalized experience when we know more about them and their usage preferences. We collect Personal Information that you submit to us through this portal. We collect two types of information about our Website Users: Personally Identifying Information and Personally Non - Identifying Information. We may collect different information from you through various means while you interact with us. The information collected can be:  
•  Your contact information viz. name, postal and email addresses, or phone number, twitter handle, etc. (while you access or use the Site or you open or respond to our e-mails);  
•  Username and password for the account you may create with us (while you register, subscribe, or create an account with [www.sandhira.com](http://www.sandhira.com/));  
•  Your personal email or telephone number and any other supporting information you provide to us while you provide feedback to us regarding our products and service.  
•  Any information you provide to enroll or participate in programs provided on behalf of, or together with, our Business Partners;  
•  Any information that you provide by interacting with us through social media, including photographs and/or videos;  
•  Information you provide when you post comments to Online Communities;  
•  Location information, such as the real-time geographic location (such as country and city) of the device on which you install our mobile applications;  
•  Information from our Merchants or any third parties;  
•  Shipping information (including the shipping address and phone number);  
•  Demographic information (such as age, date of birth and gender);  
•    Your Shopping behavior and preferences, and a record of the purchases you make on our websites (to optimize your future shopping experience with us);  
•  Information about the device you use to access our website through the Internet (such as the IP address and the device, browser and operating system type);  
•  Dates and times of visits to our sites;  
•  Search terms that you, as a visitor use to reach our sites;

We share your information only for the purposes described below in this privacy statement. Our service providers are not authorized by us to use or disclose the information we share with them under our customized confidentiality agreements except as necessary to perform the required services on behalf of us or comply with the legal requirements. Whenever we collect your usage information (can be the numbers and frequency of visitors to our Website and to which pages the visitor redirects within our Website), we only use such data in aggregate form to assure your anonymity. We may provide this aggregate usage information to our business partners; our business partners may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Website, so that our business partners, too, can endeavor to provide you with an optimal online experience.

Also, we have implemented a security program containing layers of security viz. administrative, technical and physical control of our databases. With this we practically aim to do our best to protect your personal information.

**When and why would we disclose your information?**  
We never rent nor sell your Personal Information in personally identifiable form to anyone. We share your Personal Information in personally identifiable form with third parties only as described below:  
•  In situations, where businesses or third party websites we're affiliated with, may provide services to you through the Website (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction or service, and we will share your Personal Information with that affiliated business only to the extent that we deem it related to such transaction or service. We may share your personal information with our, parent, affiliate, subsidiaries and sister concern companies and the merchants whose offers you purchased from us.  
•  At times, we employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what we deem necessary to assist us in performing such tasks.  
•  We may release Personal Information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with laws; enforce or apply our conditions of use and/or other agreements; or protect the rights, property, of our employees, our users, or others. We may exchange information with other companies and organizations (including governmental authorities) for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.  
•  We may also share your personal information with other third parties not mentioned above, only with your specific consent.

Our Website may contain advertisements or other product links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. Whenever following a link to another site you should read that site's privacy policy. Any personal information you share with another site, we will not be responsible for your personal information on that site.  
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties, and you will be able to prevent the sharing of this information. Iterating the points above, we do not sell or rent a member's personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes and will only disclose a member's personal information only in accordance with our Privacy Policy or with a member's explicit consent.

Specific Privacy Rights: If you are a California State resident, by law, you may have the right, to inquire with us, about the personal information we have collected about you in any of the different ways as mentioned above. You may also have the right to request for our policies and terms, in written format, in respect to the transfer of your personal information to any of our third parties or vendors, if any. Sandhira will also aptly disclose such information to our Canadian users, if required by law. For queries regarding these privacy rights, kindly email us on [info@sandhira.com](mailto:info@sandhira.com) with your concerns. We request you to allow us a 15 day response time for the same.

 **Preferences - emails & cookies:**  
Customers - We value you. We need to know you and your preferences because we aim to develop a personalized experience for each of our customers. You can still limit the amount of information you provide to us, and you can limit the communications and our methods to communicate with you.

  
We do contact you by push notification, email or other means of telecommunication. If you do not want to receive such communication from us, please indicate your preference by changing your account settings accordingly. Your email and notification preferences can be managed by logging into your Sandhira.com user account through our portal or via our mobile application. You can also manage (subscribe/unsubscribe) your subscriptions by following subscription management instructions contained in the commercial e-mails that we send you. We offer a choice to you to choose to subscribe to some of our messages, and you may choose to unsubscribe from others. You may update these preferences for subscription at any time. Please note that even if you unsubscribe from promotional email messages, we will retain your email and preferences as we may still need to contact you with important transactional information related to your account and your purchases.

You will be able to manage how your browser handles "cookies" by adjusting its privacy and security settings in your web browser. We recommends you to read the manual related your web browser to learn about cookie-related and other privacy and security settings that may be available as different browsers carry different instructions to handle cookies. 

You can also manage as to how your mobile handset and mobile browser share certain Device Data with Sandhira Inc., as well as how your mobile browser handles Cookies by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your mobile handset. You can do this by referring to manual provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device.

Our privacy policies do not apply in totality if you are connecting us via any social networking platform. To manage the sharing of your Personal Information with us from a different platform when you connect with us via social networking website or applications, you need to refer the privacy policy and settings of the particular site to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between www.sandhira.com and your social network account or your mobile device.

If you wish to opt out of receiving offers directly from our merchants, vendors or business partners, you can follow the opt-out instructions in the emails that they send you.

Customer Surveys: We do periodically conduct both business and individual customer surveys. We encourage our customers to participate in these surveys because they provide us with valuable information that helps us to improve the types of services we offer and how we provide them to you. Your personal information and responses will remain strictly confidential, even if the survey is conducted by a third party. Participation in our customer surveys shall remain voluntary.

 **Age Groups:**  
This website is not intended for the children under the age of 13. We do not direct links to our website towards users under the age of 13. Children are not permitted to use this portal and we do not intentionally collect or maintain any Personal Information from those individuals who are under 13 years old. This means, if, we obtain factual information that a user is under 13, we will take appropriate steps to remove that user's Personal Information permanently from our databases. We recommend that children between the ages of 13 and 18 obtain their parent's permission before submitting information on our website over the internet. By using this portal, you are representing that you are at least 18 years old, or that you are at least 13 years old and have a parent's or guardian's permission to use the portal.

If you share any personal information relating to your account with anyone whether known or unknown then we will not be responsible for any damage to your personal information. Because we can give you surety of privacy of your personal information (as stated above) on our part but we cannot give surety of privacy of your personal information on your part. Therefore, kindly keep your personal information (that you provided us) intact within your privacy.

Any further changes to Privacy Statement made at any time will be informed to you by sending you an email or posting notice of the change on the website. You are also expected to check this section periodically to keep yourself updated with the changes. For any changes in our privacy policy, we do provide a 30 Days Notice period to all our members before the changes mentioned becomes effective. If you have any queries about our policies or if you wish to remove your personal information from our customer database, write us at [info@sandhira.com](mailto:info@sandhira.com)

 **Annexure**  
•  An Affiliate refers to a company or a website owned and/or controlled by Sandhira Inc. [www.sandhira.com](http://www.sandhira.com/) is a part of Sandhira Group.  
•  Business Partners collectively refers to all the third parties who are connected with us and are currently or in past had work with us and conducting business with us, or have performed business operations on behalf of us, such as transaction processing, billing, communications services (e-mail, direct mail, etc.), marketing, data processing and analytics, mailing, collections, servicing or ad management, merchants, vendors, sub vendors, co-marketers, resellers, distributors, etc. All of our vendors included in our business partners.  
•  Cookie is a small piece of data or information which is sent from our website's server and stored in an individual user's web browser when you he/she browses our website. This cookie stores information about the individual login account, his/her preferences, and the way the individual uses the Site. When you, as an individual, revisit the website again in the future, the data stored in the cookie can be retrieved by the website to notify the website of your previous activity. Some cookies are temporary, whereas others may be configured to last longer. Session cookies are temporary cookies used to manage page views. Your web browser will erase, in most of the cases, depends on the manual of the web browser, you are using, the session cookies once you exit it. Persistent cookies are more of a permanent nature. They are stored on your computers or mobile devices' web browser even beyond when you exit your browser.  
•  _Device Data_ means information concerning a device which you are using to access or use Sandhira. This data may include operating system type or mobile device model, make of your computer or tablet, browser type, domain, and other system settings, the language preference you have selected while you access our site, your home country with time zone, unique device identifier or other device identifier, mobile phone carrier identification.  
•  _Online Communities_ collectively refers to social networking websites and accounts held by you in them, discussion groups, forums, blogs, bulletin boards, chat rooms or any other communication method that may be offered on or linked through the Site.  
•  _Personally Identifying Information_ is the information about you as an individual that explicitly identifies you or, when combined with other amount of information we have in different form, can be used to identify you. This may include the following types of information:  
•  _Personal Information:_ Your name, age, birth date, gender, marital status, location, postal address, email address, social networking website user account name, contact numbers etc. and/or other contact options at which you are able to receive communications from our side.  
•  _Other Information:_ Information which helps us to exactly identify your purchasing patterns, interests in our products or goods or services, your preferences, etc. and it this may also include information collected through your interactions with social networking websites. It also includes the information about friends who refer you or whom you have referred etc.  
•  _Information relating to Transaction:_ Information that you provide while you interact with us and/or transact with the site at the time of purchasing any product, goods, service and/or vouchers such as your contact details, information relating to your payment details, shipping address.  
•  _Payment Details:_ Information relating to your payment card number, expiration date of the card, and card verification number and bank details as well as certain contact details that is required to make the payment process easy.  
•  _Personally Non Identifying Information_ collectively refers to the information that alone cannot identify you. We need certain other information along with the personally non identifying information to explicitly identify you. This includes the data collected from our Cookies, Pixel Tags and Web Beacons.  
•  _Pixel Tags and Web Beacons_ are the graphical images you see on our web pages or in the emails which we send you. This graphical image allows us to find out if you have performed particular actions.  
•  _Merchants_ collectively refer to all our vendors or their third parties to who are have assigned/involved with the merchants in the task of processing and redemption of vouchers. Typically, all our merchants, sub vendors, co-marketers, resellers, distributors, etc. are included in our vendors. Those of who were connected with us and are currently or in past had work with us and were part of conducting business with us are also included in the term "Merchants" for this privacy policy.
