> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sangeethamobiles.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110528202816id_/http%3A//www.sangeethamobiles.com/pages/Privacy-Policy/pgid-31740.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Sangeetha Mobile will contact you periodically to inform you of your account status, orders, promotions and other information pertinent to your account. By signing up with Sangeetha Mobiles, you implicitly agree to receive and read these emails and promptly respond when necessary.

Sangeetha Mobiles does not resell client or visitor information to third parties. The information you provide will be kept confidential and used only to support customer relationship with Sangeetha Mobiles. Agents or contractors of Sangeetha Mobiles who have access to your personal information and prospect information are required to keep the information confidential and not use it for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for Sangeetha Mobiles. Sangeetha Mobiles may enhance or merge your information collected at its site with data from third parties for purposes of marketing products or services to you.

Sangeetha Mobiles will only disclose your personal information if required by law. Information regarding you (such as name, address and phone number) or your orders and the products you purchase will not be given or sold to any outside organization for any reason. Our advertisers will receive information, collected via cookies and codes stored in image URLs, for the purpose of identifying Sangeetha Mobiles and our clients, but this will never be used to identify you EXCEPT to the extent that the data will be correlated with your username for the purposes of calculating your advertising revenues. Your information may be shared with agents or contractors of Sangeetha Mobiles for the purpose of performing services for Sangeetha Mobiles. If provided a legal subpoena or search warrant by proper authorities, Sangeetha Mobiles will comply with such legal requests by providing the required information.

Sangeetha Mobiles will make reasonable efforts to secure all client information stored on our servers. Your signup information, and information used to conduct transactions, will be protected using a variety of security measures and in compliance with applicable laws. However, we make no representation or guarantee that your information will be impossible to retrieve by third parties. Any attempt to violate the privacy and security of data stored on Sangeetha Mobiles assets, or transmitted to or from the Sangeetha Mobiles server network, will be communicated to the affected client or clients immediately, and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.
