> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the santhigramusa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-01-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120116144204id_/http%3A//www.santhigramusa.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Santhigram Kerala Ayurveda

**Website Visitors**

Like most website operators, Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on WordPress.com blogs. Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that blog commenter IP addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog where the comment was left.

**Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information**

Certain visitors to Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA’s websites choose to interact with Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA in ways that require Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at WordPress.com to provide a username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA – by purchasing access to the Akismet comment spam prevention service, for example – are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. In each case, Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA. Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

**Aggregated Statistics**

Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA may monitor the most popular blogs on the [WordPress.com](http://www.wordpress.com/) site or use spam screened by the Akismet service to help identify spam. Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA may display this information publicly or provide it to others. However, Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

**Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information**

Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA’s behalf or to provide services available at Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or when Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA website and have supplied your email address, Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA and our products. We primarily use our various product blogs to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

**Cookies**

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA uses cookies to help Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA identify and track visitors, their usage of Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA website, and their website access preferences. Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

**Business Transfers**

If Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquiror of Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.

**Ads**

Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

**Comments**

Comments and other content submitted to our Akismet anti-spam service are not saved on our servers unless they were marked as false positives, in which case we store them long enough to use them to improve the service to avoid future false positives.

**Privacy Policy Changes**

Although most changes are likely to be minor, Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA’s sole discretion. Santhigram Kerala Ayurvedic Co. of USA encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
