> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bakersfield.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181221031702id_/https%3A//www.bakersfield.com/site/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Site | bakersfield.com

This Privacy Policy explains how bakersfield.com may collect, use and aggregate personal information about you on www.bakersfield.com, and its affiliated web sites. Bakersfield.com respects your personal privacy and is committed to protecting it.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should first contact bakersfield.com at:

Bakersfield.com

3700 Pegasus Drive

Bakersfield CA 93382

661-395-7500

e-mail: [webmaster@bakersfield.com](mailto:webmaster@bakersfield.com)

### Your IP address

For each visitor to the bakersfield.com site, bakersfield.com's servers automatically collect information about which pages are visited and the IP address or domain name of visitors. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web Site. Your IP address is not linked to personally identifiable information but is used to gather broad demographic information. This information helps us tailor and improve your experience on the Web Site.

### Information we collect

General: Portions of bakersfield.com require visitors to provide personally identifiable information that may include your name, age, address, e-mail address, credit-card number and facts about your consumer-buying habits. We do not, however, knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13.

Surveys: We conduct periodic online surveys. For example, visitors to bakersfield.com may see a pop-up window asking them to voluntarily participate in a user survey.

Web site usage: We automatically collect IP addresses and web site usage information from you when you visit our site. This information helps us evaluate how our visitors use and navigate our web sites on an aggregate basis, including the number and frequency of visitors to each web page, the length of their visits, their browser type and their operating systems.

### How we use information that is collected

Bakersfield.com may use information collected from visitors in the following ways:

  * To improve existing features or develop new features, products and services by analyzing how site features are being used.
  * To award prizes in contests or promotions. Participation in some contests or promotions may require visitors to agree to be contacted by bakersfield.com or  _The Bakersfield Californian_  for commercial purposes, such as to subscribe to  _The Bakersfield Californian_.
  * To provide advertisers or other third parties with aggregate information about our user base and usage patterns. Personally identifiable information is kept private and not distributed to third parties.
  * To send e-mail notifications about new or existing products and services, special offers, or to otherwise contact you. This includes notification of changes to our Privacy Policy or [Terms of Use](http://www.bakersfield.com/terms).
  * To send SMS notifications about new or existing products and services, special offers, or to otherwise contact you. You agree to receive ongoing text alert messages from TBC Media that you have opted in to receive through TBC Media's Markets via each Market website. The text messages are generated by an automated dialer from TBC Media to the provided mobile number. Reply HELP to 313131 for assistance. Reply STOP to 313131 to cancel any further messages from all Markets. Msg & Data Rates May Apply.



### Children/direct notice to parents

Bakersfield.com will not knowingly collect any personal information from individuals under 13 years of age without parental consent. Where appropriate, bakersfield.com will specifically instruct children not to submit such information on our site and/or will take reasonable steps to ensure parental consent to such submission.

Parental consent will be required in the event bakersfield.com provides a feature or event such as a contest or promotion that requires submission of information by children. Notice may be provided in a number of ways, including sending an e-mail message or notice by postal mail. At any time, you may write to us at [webmaster@bakersfield.com](mailto:webmaster@bakersfield.com) to request a summary of any information we have retained as part of such activities or to ask that it be deleted.

Parents should be aware that bakersfield.com's Privacy Policy will govern our use of personal data, but that information which is voluntarily given by children (or others) in chat sessions, e-mail exchanges, bulletin boards or the like may be used by other parties to generate unsolicited mail. Bakersfield.com encourages all parents to instruct their children in the safe and responsible use of their personal data while using the Internet.

### Cookies

Bakersfield.com or its affiliated sites may place a "cookie" on the browser of your computer. Cookies are pieces of digital information that a web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. The use of cookies is common in the Internet industry, and many major web sites use them to provide useful features to their customers. The cookie itself does not contain any personally identifying information, but may be used to tell when your computer has contacted the bakersfield.com site. Bakersfield.com and its affiliates use the information for editorial purposes and for other purposes such as delivery of features and advertisements, so that bakersfield.com can customize delivery of information specific to your interests without compromising privacy. For example, cookies may be used to ensure that you will not see the same ads too often in a single session. We also may use cookies to save your passwords so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit portions of our site.

### Registration

Various areas of bakersfield.com require voluntary registration. Some areas require a visitor to submit information such as their ZIP code, age and gender. This information is not personally identifiable but allows us to better understand the makeup of our visitors. When you post content on bakersfield.com, we ask you to provide personally identifiable information that may include your name, e-mail address and unique identifiers. Unique identifiers are collected only for use as account numbers in our record system. We do not disclose any unique identifiers to any third parties. The information collected from these registration forms is used to improve existing features or develop new features, products and services by analyzing how site features are being used. Such information may be shared with third parties on an aggregate basis.

### Demographic and profile data

We also may collect demographic and profile data from you as part of the registration process (for example, your date of birth, address, ZIP code, gender and interest in certain topics). We may use this data to tailor your experience at our site, showing you content that we think you might be interested in, displaying the content according to your preferences and informing you of upcoming events on our site. We also share certain demographic and profile data with advertisers and business partners on an aggregated basis. Registered users may voluntarily — and without requirement from bakersfield.com — make public in their user profiles personally identifiable information that includes their name, street address, e-mail address, phone numbers, birth date and instant-messaging handles. Bakersfield.com assumes no liability for the misuse of a registered user's voluntary release of personally identifiable information.

Bakersfield.com will disclose account information only in special cases, such as (i) to comply with valid legal requirements, such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; or (ii) when bakersfield.com has reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who, intentionally or unintentionally, may be causing injury or harm to bakersfield.com users or other persons or violating the [Terms of Use](http://www.bakersfield.com/terms) of this site.

### Links

This site contains links to other sites. Bakersfield.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites, including any sites that may indicate a special relationship or partnership with bakersfield.com (such as co-branded pages and "powered by" relationships) or the sites of bakersfield.com advertisers that you go to by clicking on a banner ad on the bakersfield.com site. Bakersfield.com does not disclose unique identifiers to those responsible for the linked sites. The linked sites, however, may collect personal information from you when you link to their site. This collecting of information is not subject to bakersfield.com's control. To ensure protection of your privacy, always review the privacy policy of the sites you visit by linking from our Web Site.

### Advertisements

We display advertisements on our Web Site. Bakersfield.com does not provide any personally identifiable data regarding bakersfield.com users to our advertisers.

Google is an ad network partner that displays ads on bakersfield.com and other sites owned and operated by The Bakersfield Californian and its affiliated companies using DoubleClick. To improve your ad experience on those sites and elsewhere on the Internet, we may send non-personal information to Google based on your browser's activities, such as type of pages viewed and categories of interests, so that the advertising you see is relevant to you. Google also may use information regarding its own users to select which ads to display. Because Google uses DoubleClick ad serving technology, cookies placed by Google for behavioral advertising, including the opt out cookie, will appear as DoubleClick cookies. Learn more (<http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/>) about Google's ad practices.

Google is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative. (<http://www.networkadvertising.org/>)

### Security

This site has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. For example, credit-card information provided by a visitor is made available only to bonded billing personnel or technical staff responsible for server security.

### Newsletters and Alerts

Bakersfield.com offers a variety of opt-in e-mail newsletters. When subscribing, visitors are asked to submit information such as name, e-mail address or phone number, and demographic information. You always may opt-out of receiving future mailings from bakersfield.com. To unsubscribe from our newsletters, click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the newsletter. To remove your personally identifiable information from our databases, send e-mail to [webmaster@bakersfield.com](mailto:webmaster@bakersfield.com) explaining your request.

### Orders

If you purchase a product or service from us or through a third-party vendor, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. You must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.

### Your role in protecting your privacy

If you share a computer terminal with others, you may want to consider establishing a personal e-mail account. In this way, e-mails that you receive from bakersfield.com, such as password reminders, will be seen only by you. If you access bakersfield.com through an e-mail account maintained by your employer, please note that it is possible that your employer may monitor your e-mail communications.

You post content (as defined in the bakersfield.com [Terms of Use](http://www.bakersfield.com/terms)) on the site at your own risk. We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you may choose to share information. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of user content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your user content.

### Notification of changes

This Privacy Policy may be revised over time as new features are added to bakersfield.com or as Internet security and privacy standards evolve. We will post those changes prominently so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. We do, however, recommend that you read this Privacy Policy each time you use bakersfield.com, in case you missed our notice of changes to the Privacy Policy.

### Correcting and updating information

Bakersfield.com also permits you to correct or update personally identifiable information that you have previously provided to us. To do so, submit the changes directly through the site feature in question or send e-mail to [webmaster@bakersfield.com](mailto:webmaster@bakersfield.com) indicating the information that you wish to be corrected or updated.

### Your acceptance of these terms

By using this site, you signify your acceptance of the terms of the Bakersfield.com Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use the bakersfield.com site and exit the site immediately. Your continued use of the bakersfield.com site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept those changes.

### Contacting us

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of the bakersfield.com site, or your dealings with bakersfield.com, you can contact us at:

Bakersfield.com

3700 Pegasus Drive

Bakersfield CA 93308

661-395-7500

e-mail: [webmaster@bakersfield.com](mailto:webmaster@bakersfield.com)
