> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sd864.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171112202107id_/http%3A//www.sd864.com/company/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# WinRecovery Software - Privacy Policy

SD864's CardRecovery is a product of WinRecovery Software.

WinRecovery Software respects your privacy! Any and all information collected at this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned, or otherwise disclosed. Any information you give to the WinRecovery Software will be held with the utmost care, and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to. A more detailed explanation about how we safeguard your personal information is described below. If you have any questions, please don't hesitate to let us know. 

NO resale or disclosure of information to third parties: 

WinRecovery Software does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected at our site, including order forms, support e-mails or online support forms. 

**Online Orders**

We use the personal information you supply when placing an online order to complete and ship your order. Your email address is used to send you an order confirmation and registration key, as well as a kindly charge reminder for your purchase. Unlike other vendors, NO newsletters, NO products updates, NO marketing information and other messages will be delivered to your e-mail.

**Technical Support**

We use the personal information you supply when you submit a support question to respond to your questions or requests. Your email address is ONLY used to send a response from our technical support team and NO other messages will be sent to your e-mail.

**Browser Information**

WinRecovery Software analyzes our website logs to constantly improve the value of the materials available on website. Our website logs are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals that actually browse the site. We might use cookies, small pieces of data stored on the user's hard drive, to know time and pages visitors have reached, they are not personally identifiable and none of your personal information will be collected. If you feel uncomfortable about this you can switch off the acceptance of cookies in your browser options. With cookies switched off, you still can use all features of our web site, including the online order form.  


**Data Security**

We work to protect the security of your information during order transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input. 

WinRecovery Software is committed to keeping your personal data safe and we take every reasonable precaution to ensure security. Access to your personal information is restricted to the employees at WinRecovery Software. Our employees are required to maintain the confidentiality of this information, and may not use this data for any purpose other than to complete the services required of their employment. Your personal data is used for internal purposes only and is never sold or shared with anyone outside of WinRecovery Software, unless we disclose information in response to a law enforcement request.

  

