> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fun1001.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160609123938id_/http%3A//www.fun1001.com/pages/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# None

**We created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy for this Web site: Fun1001.com.**

We only collect user-specific information on what pages visitor access or visit. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences.

With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. In addition, 3rd party advertisers may employ the use of cookies and/or web beacons in the ad serving process.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).  
**Google and the DoubleClick DART cookie:**  
* Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.  
* Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.  
* Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.

If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. 
