> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fun140.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101122184502id_/http%3A//fun140.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Fun140

#### We take your privacy very seriously.

If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please [contact us](mailto:fun140support@gmail.com). Please refer to our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/tos) as well. 

#### 1\. Information that is gathered from visitors

In common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's IP address, browser type, referring page and time of visit. Cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website. Where registration is required, the visitor's email and a username will be stored on the server. 

#### 2\. How the Information is used

The information is used to enhance the vistor's experience when using the website to display personalised content and possibly advertising. Personal information will not be sold, rented or leased to 3rd parties. Messages may be sent to you to inform you of news of our services or offers by us or our affiliates. 

#### 3\. Visitor Options

If you have subscribed to use fun140, you may unsubscribe by revoking access to our application as supported by Twitter. You may be able to block cookies via your browser settings but this may prevent you from access to certain features of the website. 

#### 4\. Cookies

Cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. Also they may be used to track your return visits to the website. 3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes. 

|   
---|---  
  
#### In order to set your mood, you must be logged into twitter.

#### We will redirect to Twitter in 5 seconds.

##### When you sign in, we’ll have you follow @fun140. You can always unfollow us. :)
