> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the funapps.io privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171212060658id_/http%3A//www.funapps.io/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - funapps.io - The Apps Designed for Your Entertainment

## Privacy Policy

The text below shows Privacy Policy for the Apps that you use on funapps.io. This privacy policy sets out how funapps uses and protects any information that you give for funapps Applications when you use them. funapps is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. When we ask you to provide certain information while authenticating the app and issuing certain permission by which you can be identified while using Applications, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. 

funapps may change this policy from time to time by updating this section. This privacy policy was last updated on 3rd September 2013. If we make any material changes to our policies, then we will either put message on our website or you need to check this section in order to comply with our policies. 

#### What Data we collect:

We **may** collect the following data from your profile:

  * Name, Email, Username
  * Your Country, Location, Hometown
  * Your Gender, Date of Birth
  * Your Relationship Status



#### What we do with the Data we collected

We require this data to understand your needs and provide you with a good experience while using our Apps, and in particular way for the reasons below:

  * Storing records temporarily 
  * We require your certain information for the application you use to work
  * Statistical Analysis of our users so that we can improve our audience
  * System Maintenance & Logs



funapps ensures at it best to keep your information secure. The use of this information is done while processing or using this Apps and which is temporary. We do not store your personal data forever. We remove your data as soon as you leave our Application/website or when your session gets over. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have made various electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online from you. We never pass this information to any third party or misuse it in a way that harms your privacy.

#### How we use cookies

A cookie is a piece of information in the form of a very small text file that is placed on an internet user's hard drive. It is generated by a web page server, which is basically the computer that operates a web site. The information the cookie contains is set by the server and it can be used by that server whenever the user visits the site. A cookie can be thought of as an internet user's identification card, which tell a web site when the user has returned. Cookies helps us in:

  * Provide you more personalised experienced 
  * Identify Pages surfed & Referrer
  * Monitor Statistical Analysis



Any use of Cookies by the Application or the owners of third party services used by the Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify the User and remember his/her preferences for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.

Applications on funapps.io requires Cookies to be enabled. Failure to provide certain information, in particular Navigation Data, by deactivating the Application's Cookies may make it impossible to surf or for the Application to provide its services.

#### Links to external Websites

Our Applications may contain links to external websites of interest, especially through advertisements that we place. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that external website have thier own Terms & Policies. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide while visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

#### Ad companies collect anonymous data:

Ad companies may use and collect anonymous data about your interests to customize content and advertising here and in other sites and applications. Interest and location data may be linked to your device, but is not linked to your identity. Third Party companies have their own Privacy Policies, Click to see company privacy policies:

  * [LifeStreet Media Privacy Policy](http://lifestreetmedia.com/privacy/)



p>Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting link below. 

  * [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html)



We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit the link below. 

  * <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>



#### Analytics providers access data on our behalf

Analytics companies may access anonymous data (such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our services are used. They use this data solely on our behalf. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared as to any individual user. Click to see company privacy policies that govern their use of data.

  * [Google Analytics Privacy Policy and Choices](http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html)



#### Controlling your Personal Information

You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:

  * When you are asked to give permissions to access to your profile information, you may provide selected information or reject it completely by skipping Permissions.



However, note that in such a case you may not be able to use our application at all, or to a limited functionality

We will not distribute, sell or lease your personal information to any third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. 

#### You can ask privacy questions:

If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policies, please feel free to contact us by email at **[[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)** describing your detailled query. We will try to take the right step as soon as possible.

If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write an email to us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.

##### **Last Updated: 3rd September 2013**
