> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fundsxpress.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20010623202654id_/http%3A//fundsxpress.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FundsXpress Internet Banking

The operating subsidiaries of FundsXpress Inc. take great pride in enabling our financial institution clients (which includes banks, credit unions, savings associations and savings banks and which are referred to in this policy collectively as "institutions") and their customers/members to perform secure and convenient financial transactions over the Internet every day. We enjoy a high level of trust and confidence from our clients and their customers, and we strive daily to justify and maintain that trust and confidence.

The employees of FundsXpress use the Internet everyday, and we too are sensitive to the privacy of our personal information when we visit the millions of web sites that are part of the World Wide Web. Since we are Internet users, like you, it’s only natural that we would assume that you might feel the same way about the privacy of your personal information. 

Toward that end, we have developed the following Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy has two sections: (1) a Privacy Policy covering visitors to the FundsXpress Website; and (2) a Privacy Policy covering users of the FundsXpress Inc.® and its operating subsidiaries. The following policy is in addition to the extensive [security measures](https://web.archive.org/web/20010623202654id_/http%3A//fundsxpress.com/security.htm) we take regarding financial transactions performed on our systems.

**Visitors to the FundsXpress Inc. Web site  
**Visitors to the FundsXpress Website remain anonymous. We do not collect unique identifying information about you individually unless you voluntarily and knowingly provide us that information, and we don’t send you a " _cookie_." We do collect general information about your visit, such as when you accessed our site, which pages you accessed, and what Internet provider you used when you accessed our site. You may elect to provide us with more specific information, such as when you give us feedback or send us an email. If you provide us this information, it is used internally and in furtherance of the purpose for which it was provided, and even then your email address is kept no longer than 60 days. We would never sell information we collect or that is provided to us regarding visitors to the FundsXpress Web site to any third parties, and we will not spam someone who previously visited our Web site.

** Users of the FundsXpress Financial Network  
**FundsXpress is in the business of providing electronic services to enable institution clients to make available to their customers/members the ability to conduct financial transactions and inquiries via the World Wide Web or the "Internet." It is the nature of the financial business industry that institutions and their customers or members have high expectations regarding the level of confidentiality and privacy with which information is treated. FundsXpress has adopted this Privacy Policy which sets forth the general manner in which FundsXpress will take reasonable steps to safeguard and control the flow of information regarding users of the FundsXpress Financial Network.

** Recognition of the desire of users that their information be treated confidentially  
**FundsXpress understands that institutions, and their customers/members, expect that their financial information and transactions will be handled in a confidential manner. We have established safeguards for sensitive information that has been entrusted to us to prevent the misuse or unauthorized access of this information. Therefore, it is the policy of FundsXpress that all such information be disclosed to third parties only when:

    * the user, either directly or through the institution, is believed to have requested or authorized the disclosure;
    * it is necessary to complete a transaction or service; or
    * it is required or allowed by law (such as, but not limited to, reporting information to legal authorities, regulatory agencies, or other appropriate investigators in connection with a legal investigation or similar matter, responding to a subpoena or court order, and reporting information to a credit reporting agency in accordance with applicable requirements).



**Passcodes  
**FundsXpress users are assigned or select a passcode to enable them to initiate transactions and request services utilizing FundsXpress products. These passcodes should be guarded closely and should be treated as private. Sometimes an institution may assign a temporary passcode so that the customer/member can select a passcode that only they know the next time they access the system. The passcode is stored on our system in a one-way hash to insure that no one at FundsXpress knows or can retrieve this passcode. The customer/member should not disclose the passcode to anyone at FundsXpress or anyone else. No employee or agent of FundsXpress will ever ask for or receive your passcode. If anyone attempts to obtain your passcode or if you have reason to believe that the security of your passcode has been compromised, you should contact our customer service department at 800.419.8804 or [support@fundsxpress.com](mailto:support@fundsxpress.com).

**General Security Measures**  
The FundsXpress Internet banking system is part of the FundsXpress Financial Network that utilizes a comprehensive security strategy to protect your accounts and transactions conducted over the Internet. In-depth information on many of the techniques and features employed by the system are detailed under our discussion of [security](https://web.archive.org/web/20010623202654id_/http%3A//fundsxpress.com/security.htm) elsewhere in this web site. In addition to our log-on security, we use the SSL (secure socket layer) [encryption](https://web.archive.org/web/20010623202654id_/http%3A//fundsxpress.com/security.htm) technology for everything you do in the Internet banking system. This technology is automatically activated by your browser when it attempts to connect to our system and it will support either the 40 or 128 bit key lengths. (Click [here](https://web.archive.org/web/20010623202654id_/http%3A//fundsxpress.com/security.htm) for the difference between 40 bit and 128 bit encryption.) For enhanced security, we recommend that you use a browser that supports 128 bit key lengths, and we will warn you when your browser is set to use the lower security level encryption of 40 bits. Whenever SSL is securing your communications, the browser will typically indicate the "[secure session](https://web.archive.org/web/20010623202654id_/http%3A//fundsxpress.com/security.htm)" by changing the appearance of a small icon, such as a key or a padlock, at the bottom of the screen. In addition, our servers have been certified by a "Certificate Authority" that will ensure you that you are actually talking to our servers instead of someone pretending to be us. (If you are using an older browser, such as anything prior to than versions 4.0 on Netscape or Internet Explorer, the "Certificate Authorities" key may be expired and you may need to update it on your browser.

During your use of the FundsXpress Internet banking system, we will pass a _cookie_ to your browser for identifying you during the session. We do not (and can not) use cookies to obtain new information about you. A _cookie_ simply provides another level of security for your Internet banking session.

The design, policies, procedures, staff, hardware and software selected for the FundsXpress system are chosen with security in mind so all transactions will be safe and secure. Not only by policy, but by incorporating many internal security systems we minimize our employees’ ability to access personal information relating to customers. Despite all our efforts related to security, like any other technology based system, a security breach may occur. Technology relating to Internet security is evolving rapidly, as are ways to circumvent that security. Although we use state of the art security measures and take every reasonable effort to stay abreast of developments in Internet security, there is always the possibility that someone will find a way to gain unauthorized access to any system, including ours. If you suspect that anyone has gained unauthorized access to your account or the system, you should immediately contact our customer service department at 800.419.8804 or [support@fundsxpress.com](mailto:support@fundsxpress.com), even if there does not appear to be any loss involved. It is the policy of FundsXpress to investigate all such matters promptly. Electronic theft is a crime, and if we suspect that someone has attempted or perpetrated it, we would like to have your cooperation in taking the appropriate, remedial measures.

** "Visit" traces, monitoring and collecting certain information  
**FundsXpress collects and maintains information on the users of the FundsXpress’ services to enable FundsXpress to be responsive to user needs, to manage its lawful business, and to maintain appropriate records. Generally speaking this information falls into two broad categories: (1) information that is generated when a user contacts FundsXpress electronically, simply by virtue of the manner in which Internet communications are initiated and handled, and (2) information which is expressly or incidentally created in connection with a transaction or providing a service. 

FundsXpress reserves the right to monitor and make records of transactions and interchanges made over its networks. You will not necessarily be told (unless the notification is required by law) that a transaction or interchange in which you are participating is being monitored or recorded. Monitoring and recording transactions or interchanges may be initiated, for example, if we suspected a possible breach in security or some other problem that would make it appropriate to monitor or maintain these records. We would never use this information for any improper purposes or distribute it to third parties, except as required or permitted by law. 

If you would like to know what information we have collected regarding your use of the FundsXpress system, contact [support@fundsxpress.com](mailto:support@fundsxpress.com). After reviewing the information, if you believe any of the information is in error, contact [support@fundsxpress.com](mailto:support@fundsxpress.com), explain the alleged discrepancy, and if the information is incorrect, we will update it promptly. In addition, if you believe any information we have collected about you has been used for an improper purpose, contact [support@fundsxpress.com](mailto:support@fundsxpress.com), and explain your concerns in as much detail as possible so we may take any appropriate action.

** Links  
**FundsXpress has a number of links to other sites. These are offered as a courtesy and a convenience. FundsXpress assumes no responsibility for the content, safety, security, or privacy of any such site or any transactions with respect thereto. If you have questions or concerns about any other site’s policy regarding these matters, you should contact that site or its sponsor. 

** Amendments and changes  
**FundsXpress reserves the right to amend or change this policy at anytime and without notice. For the most current version of this policy, contact our customer service department at 800.419.8804 or [support@fundsxpress.com](mailto:support@fundsxpress.com).

** A Word About Cookies  
** Most people have heard about "cookies," and much of what is said has people worried about them. A cookie is a very small text file sent by a web server and stored on a browser so that it can be read back later. Cookies cannot "read" information about you from your hard drive or be used to "steal" information about you; cookies don’t carry viruses; and cookies are not programs that can perform functions on your computer. 

Cookies are a basic way for a server to identify you (most cookies actually identify the computer you happen to be using at the time, not you personally), and cookies are used for many things from personalizing start up pages to facilitating online purchases. Cookies do perform a very important function when you engage in secure Internet banking. 

When you log onto the system, this cookie enables us to process multiple transactions during the session without you having to provide your Access ID and passcode for each individual transaction. When you log off, or after ten minutes, the cookie is no longer accepted and must be renewed by requiring the passcode to be reentered. A new cookie is used for each session. That way, no one can use the prior cookie to access your account. 
