> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fundsforngos.org privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160312032633id_/http%3A//www.fundsforngos.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FundsforNGOs - Privacy Policy

FundsforNGOs, LLC. (“FundsforNGOs” or “we” or “us” or “our”) understands your concerns about privacy and your interest in knowing how your information is used and safeguarded, and we want to provide you with more information on these topics.  This Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) describes the practices, policies and procedures related to our Website located at **[www.FundsforNGOs.org](http://www.fundsforngos.org/)** (the “Website”), including the types of personal information we collect on the Website, how we may use that information and with whom we may share it.  Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to our online information-gathering and dissemination practices, and does not apply to any of our practices conducted offline.   By visiting the Website, you are accepting the practices, policies and procedures described herein, and you are further indicating that you agree to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not visit or use the Website.  We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check this Privacy Policy periodically for changes. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to[ contact us](http://contact.fundsforngos.org/).

**SUMMARY**

The notifications provided by this Privacy Policy include:

  * what personally identifiable information we collect from you through the Website,
  * how we use the information we collect,
  * with whom the information may be shared,
  * what choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information,information related to third-party websites,
    * the kind of procedures we employ in an effort to hinder the unauthorized access, use or disclosure of information you provide to us,
  * how you can make changes to the information we collect about you,
  * how you can learn about changes to our privacy policies, practices and procedures



**THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

**Personal Information You Provide And How It Is Used** **:** The Website allows you to send personally identifying information (such as name, address, email, social media connections and financial information) and other information of your choice to FundsforNGOs on a voluntary basis, as more particularly described below. We do not knowingly collect sensitive personal information, such as information about medical or health conditions. Please do not send confidential information to us directly through the Website, or by email to any of the contact email addresses listed on the Website. 

_Premium Membership Registration:_ We offer a Premium Membership option that provides additional resources and more in depth information.  Choosing to register for a Premium Membership is voluntary, and should you opt to join we will ask you to provide certain personally identifying information, which will include email address, first and last name, phone number, country of origin, payment information.  You will also be asked to create a username and password.

_e-Newsletters:  _If you opt to receive our e-Newsletter, we will ask you to provide certain personally identifying information, including your email address, first and last name, and your country of origin.  You may unsubscribe from the e-Newsletter at any time, by using the link provided in your confirmation email, or in any subsequent email you receive from us.

_Opportunity Submissions_ : The Website provides you the ability to submit and publish information related to grants, awards, trainings, scholarships or fellowships.  If you opt to submit and publish this information through our Website, we will ask you to provide certain personally identifying information, including your email address, first and last name and agency affiliation.

_Contact Us/Leave a Message:_ If you contact us through the contact form/leave a message option on the Website, we will ask that you provide certain personally identifying information, including your first and last name, and email address, and you will have the option to provide additional information.  We will use the information you provide to contact you back and to respond to any requests.

**Non-Personal Information We Collect by Automated Means And How We Use It:** We collect certain information by automated means when you visit the Website.  In addition, we also use Google Analytics and StateCounter.com – both  third-party tracking services – to collect such information.  The information collected may include usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of users to the Website, pages visited and similar data. If gathered, this this data is used in the aggregate, and not in a manner that is intended to identify you personally. This type of aggregate information may be shared with third parties at any time.  In addition to the third-party tracking services mentioned above, we also collect this information through various other means, including “cookies,” “web beacons” and IP addresses, as further explained below.

_Cookies_ – A cookie is a piece of information that a web server may place on your computer when you visit a website. Cookies are commonly used by websites to improve the user experience.  Many cookies last only through a single website session, or visit. Others may have an expiration date, or may remain on your computer until you delete them. FundsforNGOs uses “session cookies” in order to enhance the user experience and for other website related purposes.  These session cookies are not linked to personally identifiable information.  We may also use cookies for other purposes, including to maintain continuity during a user session, to gather data about the usage of our website for research and other purposes, or to store a user name or related login credentials so that you do not have to provide this information every time you return to our Website. Most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. Please note, however, that without cookies you may not be able to take full advantage of all the features on our Website. Our cookies do not gather personally identifiable information. In some cases, FundsforNGOs may also use another company to operate web servers for our Website.  FundsforNGOs uses the cookie information gathered by these companies in the same manner as stated in this Privacy Policy.

_Web Beacons_ – Certain pages on the Website contain “web beacons” (also know as Internet tags, pixel tags and clear GIFs). These web beacons allow third parties to obtain information such as the IP address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears, the URL of the page on which the beacon appears, the time the page containing the beacon was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the third party. Web beacons also may be used to track whether you have opened an HTML email. When the email is opened, a part of the code that makes up the HTML page calls a web server to load the web beacon that then generates a record showing that the email has been viewed. Web beacons may also recognize when the email was opened, how many times it was forwarded and which URLs (links within the email) were clicked.

_IP Addresses_ – When you visit and interact with the Website, FundsforNGOs and third parties with whom we have contracted to provide services for us may collect Internet Protocol addresses (each an “IP Address”), as well as browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and page navigation. An IP Address is a unique identifier number that certain electronic devices use to identify and to communicate with each other on the Internet; your Internet Service Provider automatically assigns an IP Address to the computer that you are using.  We gather this information to track website visitor movement in the aggregate, and to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Our goal in gathering this information is to learn how our customers and the public are using our service. We may use this information to enhance our Website or for other lawful purposes.

**HOW WE MAY SHARE YOUR INFORMATION**

We may disclose all of the information (described herein) that we collect, as stated in this Privacy Policy including in accordance with the terms set forth in this section.  Please note that we do partner with a variety of payment processors in order to allow you conduct payment transactions on the Website,  and should you opt to use any of the payment options, certain personal information about you will be shared with the payment processor whom you choose.  Otherwise, we do not reveal personally identifiable information about you to third parties for their independent use unless: (1) you expressly authorize Fundforngos or an affiliate to do so, (2) it is necessary to allow FundsforNGOs and it’s service providers or agents to provide services on FundsforNGOs’s behalf, (3) in order to provide products or services to you, (4) it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing or data aggregation services for FundsforNGOs, (5) it is necessary in connection with a sale of all or substantially all of the assets of FundsforNGOs or the merger of FundsforNGOs into another entity or any consolidation, share exchange, combination, reorganization, or like transaction in which FundsforNGOs is not the survivor, (6) otherwise as FundsforNGOs is required or permitted to do so for any or all of the following reasons: (i) to comply with a subpoena, legal process, government request or any other legal obligation, (ii) to prevent, investigate, detect, or prosecute criminal offenses or attacks on the technical integrity of the Website or our network, and/or (iii) to protect the rights, privacy, property, business, or safety of FundsforNGOs, their partners and employees, the visitors of the Website, or the public.

**CHILDREN’S PRIVACY**

We do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose personally identifiable information about visitors less than 13 years of age. If you are under the age of 13, you must ask your parent or guardian to assist you while accessing/viewing this Website.  If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us at **info@fundsforngos.org** so that we may delete your child’s information.

**THIRD PARTY WEBSITE**

We may provide links to third-party websites as a service to you or in order to provide you additional information related to the transactions and activities that occur on the Website.   We may also allow advertisers and other third parties to serve ads and promote products and services on our Website. Please be aware that we have no affiliation with these other parties, and cannot control and are not responsible for the information collection, use, and disclosure practices of such advertisers and other third parties; we encourage you to review and understand their privacy practices and policies, if any, before providing any personally identifying information to them.  We are not responsible for the content or information of these websites, any products or services that may be offered through advertisers or third parties, or any other use of the linked websites.

**HOW WE ATTEMPT TO SAFEGUARD YOUR INFORMATION**

We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards for the Website designed to protect against loss, misuse or unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the personal information that we collect from you.  We restrict access to personal information collected about you on the Website to our employees, our affiliates’ employees, those who are otherwise specified in this Privacy Policy, or others who need to know that information to provide services to you or in the course of conducting our business operations or activities.  However, no website can guarantee security. Thus, while we have established and maintain what we believe to be reasonable procedures to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of personally identifying information obtained through the website and we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us.  Also, please note that some of the information we collect – such as the information related to your e-newsletter subscriptions – is stored by our third party partners, and while we ask that they maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards, we can not guarantee that they do so.  Therefore, you understand, acknowledge, and agree that you transmit certain personal information over this website at your own risk.

**YOUR INFORMATION AND YOUR CHOICES**

To the extent required by law, we provide you with (i) reasonable access to the personally identifiable information you provide to us, and (ii) the ability to review, correct and delete such personally identifiable information. If you believe that any of the personally identifiable information that you have submitted through our Website is no longer accurate, or you wish to make any updates or changes, you may do so by logging into the account you have created. If you do not have an account with us, you can request that we make the changes by emailing us at **info@fundsforngos.org**.   Upon appropriate request we will update or amend your information, but we reserve the right to use Information obtained previously to verify your identity or take other actions that we believe are appropriate and lawful. We will endeavor to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, and there may also be residual Information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed from such locations. Finally, we are not responsible for removing or deleting information from the databases of third parties (such as service providers) with whom we have shared Information about you.

**USE OF THE WEBSITE FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES**

We do not represent or warrant that the Website, or any part thereof, are appropriate or available for use in any particular geographic location. If you choose to access our Website, you do so on your own initiative and at your own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules, and regulations applicable in your jurisdiction. Please note that the Website is hosted in the United States and is governed by United States law. If you are visiting the Website from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Website, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.

**CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY**

We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time by updating this posting. Please check back regularly and to see if there have been any changes to this policy, which you can determine by reviewing the Effective Date listed below. By continuing to use the Website after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. 

**PRIVACY POLICY EFFECTIVE DATE**

This Privacy Policy is effective as of February 1, 2014.
