> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fundanything.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160314033907id_/https%3A//fundanything.desk.com/customer/portal/articles/1081667-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FundAnything | Privacy Policy

**FundAnything.com Privacy Policy**  
(updated March 29, 2013)  
Crowdfund International, LLC (“FundAnything.com,” “we,” or “us”) understands you are concerned about how your information is retained and used. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.  If you have questions about the Privacy Policy, please contact us at [privacy@fundanything.com](mailto:privacy@pleasefund.com).    
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. You are responsible for keeping aware of the FundAnything.com Privacy Policy, as well as any changes thereto. Anytime you use the FundAnything.com website, you are bound by FundAnything.com’s Privacy Policy that is in effect at the time of your use.  
FundAnything.com in its sole discretion shall  determine the method of providing information and notifications to you (email, written notice, or posting notice on FundAnything.com).

    **FundAnything.com Information Collection**  
User-Provided Information:  Your registration with FundAnything.com requires that you provide registration information about yourself, such as your name and e-mail address, and other contact information. We may also retain the content of your email messages, and our responses.  
Cookies Information:  FundAnything.com uses cookies and tracking technology, including but not necessarily limited to technology called Google Analytics. Cookies and tracking technology are used for collecting information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the quantity of site visitors, and recording visitor utilization of  the Site. Although personal information cannot be collected via cookies,  if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with tracking technology to provide us with site metrics.  
Log File Information:  Our servers may record Log file information from your web browser you visit FundAnything.com. Our server logs may record items, including but not limited to  your web request, Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, and pages viewed.  
**FundAnything.com’s Use of Information**  
FundAnything.com may use information you submit to enhance our operation, maintenance, features and functionality of FundAnything.com.    
Information that is available to the public includes  personal information and content that you post on FundAnything.com. Even if you remove such  content, removed content  may remain available to the public in  cached or archived pages, or if anyone has copied or stored your content.   
Your providing FundAnything.com with your email address means that you understand and agree that we will use your email address to send you FundAnything.com-related information and notices, including any notices required by law.  You understand and agree that you may not opt out of some of these communications. We may also use your email address to send you other information, including but not limited to changes to features of the Service and/or offers. You understand and agree that FundAnything.com may use information about you and/or your content without individually identifying you to third parties. FundAnything.com may review your content and may remove any content for any reason or no reason, including, but not limited to, violation of the FundAnything,com Terms of Use. We may also remove material upon the request of any third party.  See Terms of User for further information about our content removal policies.  
We use cookies,  log file information and their substantial equivalents to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP; and (f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in.  
**Sharing of Your Information**  
We do not rent or sell personally identifiable information, but we may share such information with third parties for the purpose of providing services to you, provided that such third party adheres to our Privacy Policy. We may store your personal information on third party servers or otherwise in locations over which we do not exercise direct control.    
If FundAnything.com or substantially all of its assets are sold, then , your personal information could be transferred to a third party, provided, however, that use of your personal information would still be governed by our privacy policy then in effect at the time of such transfer.    
FundAnything.com must personal information in accordance with requirements laws or subpoenas.  We will also make disclosures in the exercise of our reasonable belief that disclosure is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply with legal process served on us or our affiliates, or investigate, prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal activities; (b) to enforce our Terms of Use, take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, or to protect the security or integrity of our site; and (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of FundAnything.com, our users or others.   
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may also share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for FundAnything.com services.  
FundAnything.com may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the FundAnything.com site. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on FundAnything.com. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (for example, cookies) to measure the effectiveness of their services and to target advertisements  
You should consult the respective privacy policies of third-party ad servers or ad networks. The FundAnything.com privacy policy does not apply to such advertisers.  
**Information Protection**  
Although FundAnything.com exercises good faith and uses commercially reasonable safeguards to protect your personal information, we cannot warrant the protection and security of your personal information. It is agreed and understood that your provision of  information to FundAnything.com is at your own risk. You are responsible for assuring that your password is not shared with any unauthorized person.  FundAnything.com cannot guaranty the privacy and confidential of your communications to or through FundAnything.com, and FundAnything.com is further not responsible for maintaining the privacy of email addresses, registration and identification information, disk space, communications, confidential or trade secret information, or any of your content that FundAnything.com may store or transmit.  We will take reasonable steps to notify you if your personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, in accordance with applicable law.  If you decide to opt out and not to provide FundAnything.com with some or all of the personal information we request, then FundAnything.com may not be able to provide some or all of its services to you.

  **Minimum Age 18**  
FundAnything.com requires that its users be at least age 18. FundAnything.com will not intentionally collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18 (without the participation of a parent or guardian) or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 18, do not send any information about yourself to FundAnything.com. If you believe that FundAnything.com has any information from or a person under 18, please contact us at privacy@FundAnything.com.  In the event that FundAnything.com Links to additional Websites, it is understood and agreed thatFundAnything.com will not be responsible for other websites’ practices. The FundAnything.com Privacy Policy applies only to FundAnything.com, not to other websites.
