> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the funimationfilms.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190506101129id_/https%3A//www.funimationfilms.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy : Funimation Films

Funimation Entertainment is respectful about the privacy of our users. As a general policy, no personal information is automatically collected from users of our sites. This policy statement tells you how we collect information from you and how we use it.

### Collection of Non-personal Information

Certain non-personal information of users is recorded by the standard operation of the Funimation Internet servers. Such information is used to make your visits to our sites easy and enjoyable. Other uses of this information include internal review of the number of visitors to Funimation’s sites, but only in an aggregate form.

Some information may also be automatically collected (unless you have set your computer’s preferences to prevent it) whenever you log onto FUNimation websites through what are known as “Cookies.” Cookies are pieces of information stored on a user’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes. A Cookie cannot determine your name, e-mail address, phone number, or any other personal information about you unless you choose to provide that information. Rather, a cookie is able to store information about your computer and the online activities generated from it, such as what kind of browser software you use to access the Internet, the type of operating system, and the domain name of your Internet service provider.

We may also use cookies to give users the ability to personalize the website or track and provide users’ scores on designated games or contests. This information is most easily tracked with cookies and is used only for the purpose of operating the website and administrative and research functions.

### Collection of Personally Identifiable Information

Certain personally identifiable Information that may be collected automatically by the website’s servers can include your Internet protocol (IP) address, your email address, your username, your password, the full URL clickstream to and from our website, search activity, video viewing activity, product view activity, purchase activity which is used to determine such things as “Top Sellers”, and user profile view activity. FUNimation may also employ software tools such as JavaScript to measure and collect session information, which may include page response times, download errors, time on site, and page interaction. We may also collect technical information about your device for diagnostic purposes and fraud prevention.

E-mail addresses and other personally identifiable information about users of this site are known to Funimation only when voluntarily submitted. The e-mail address that you provide at account sign-up may be used with Funimation direct e-mail marketing only. E-mail addresses will not be given to any third-party advertisers. Users may unsubscribe from the Funimation promotional e-mail list at anytime via a link at the bottom of every e-mail sent out by Funimation. Personal information that may be collected in connection with users voluntarily filling out contest entry forms, purchasing Funimation’s products, joining Funimation, creating a review, compiling wish lists, adding products to My Collection, participating in the forum, creating alerts in My Shows, creating playlists, communicating with Customer Service, providing information in Account settings or Profile, or replying to a survey is retained by Funimation and is not sold or otherwise transferred to a third party, except that Funimation may provide this information in an aggregate form to third parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. Funimation needs to collect this information for fulfilling prizes, fulfilling shipments, tracking/verifying compliance with Funimation policies as well as federal, state, and local laws, and for editorial and feedback solicitation purposes. We also use this information to better understand our fans’ use of our sites so that we can enhance our users’ enjoyment of our sites.

### User Information Displayed in Profile

Some user activity information is displayed on your user profile in the History tab. You can control which information appears to other users by visiting your Privacy Settings in your Account under Site & Profile Settings –> Privacy. By default, this setting is set to “Private”, meaning that only you and certain Funimation staff can see this information. Funimation Staff will only use this information for website analysis and functionality purposes.

### Disclosure of Personally Identifiable Information

Funimation will not disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent. Funimation may, however, disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Funimation’s intellectual property rights or the rights of other Funimation site users, or to anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Further, Funimation may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.

### Collection of Information by Third-Party Service Providers

Funimation provides personal information to other companies and individuals to perform functions on its behalf. These companies and individuals have access to personal information only to perform their functions and may not use it for other purposes. Functions include, but are not limited to fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, analyzing data, providing search results, and processing credit card payments.

### Collection of Information by Third-Party Advertisers

Our Site may include third-party advertising, links to other websites, and other content from third party businesses. The content posted by these parties will be reasonably identifiable as coming from a third party. We do not provide any personally identifiable information to these advertisers, third-party websites, or other businesses, although on occasion we may mutually share non-personally identifiable (e.g. demographic) information to facilitate delivery of relevant advertisements. These third-party websites, businesses, and advertisers, or advertising companies working on their behalf, sometimes use technology to deliver (or “serve”) the advertisements that appear on our Site directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use cookies, JavaScript, web beacons (also known as action tags or single-pixel gifs), and other technologies to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize or optimize advertising content. We do not have access to or control over cookies or other technologies that they may use, and the information practices of these advertisers and third-party websites or businesses are not covered by this Policy but are covered by their respective privacy policies. Some, but not all, third party advertising companies provide a mechanism to opt-out of their technology.

### Funimation Advertising on FunimationFilms.com and on Other Websites

User acknowledges that third party vendors, including Google, Facebook, and Twitter, show Funimation advertisements on various internet sites and on FunimationFilms.com. Third party vendors, including Google, Facebook, and Twitter, use cookies to serve advertisements based on User’s prior visits to Funimation.com. User also acknowledges that Funimation uses Google Adwords features such as remarketing, interest categories, similar audiences, other types of interest-based advertising, and demographic and location targeting to serve ads on third party sites and on FunimationFilms.com. User also acknowledges that FunimationFilms.com uses Google Analytics and Signal (formerly BrightTag) to collect data about User’s traffic via Google Analytics advertising cookies and anonymous identifiers, in addition to data collected through a standard Google Analytics implementation.

All information collected in the above manner is non-personally identifiable and will not be merged with any personally identifiable User information without prior notice and the consent of User. No information will be shared with Google through any marketing or product data feeds which might be associated with our advertising.

Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page. Users may opt out of Facebook’s use of cookies by logging into Facebook and visiting the Facebook opt-out page. Users may opt out of Twitter’s use of cookies by logging into Twitter and unchecking the box in their security and privacy settings that says “Tailor ads based on information shared by ad partners” next to the heading “Promoted content”. If you would prefer to opt out of a third party vendor’s use of cookies, please visit Network Advertising Initiative opt out page.

In some cases, the Teracent cookie is used and Users may opt out of the Teracent cookie by visiting the Teracent opt-out page.

In some cases, DoubleClick cookies may be in use. Users may opt out of DoubleClick’s use of cookies by visiting the DoubleClick opt-out page or the Network Advertising Initiative opt out page.
