> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the funnypark.net privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150510055835id_/http%3A//www.funnypark.net/policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | funnypark.net

You use the software and any funnypark.net funnypark.net services and products are provided funnypark.net, so be affected by the provisions of this Privacy Policy, including any subsequent amendments or updates. This privacy policy and the terms and conditions included in the subject funnypark.net. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use this site. 

General 

funnypark.net takes your privacy seriously. We gather certain types of information about our users and we want to help you understand the terms related to the collection and use of the information we collect. This Privacy Policy discloses the types of information we gather, how we use it, and what choices you have regarding the collection of such information. BY USING, ACCESSING OR DOWNLOADING THE WEB SITE), YOU AGREE TO THE COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION (AS HEREUNDER DESCRIBED), ALL IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET HEREUNDER. funnypark.net reserves the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy for any changes. Your use of the Web Site following any amendment of this Privacy Policy will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms. If you are under the age of 13, you are not eligible to use the Web Site, and we ask you not to submit any personal information to us. Please note that any video, image, or other content posted at the direction of users onto the Web Site becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Policy. Collection of Information Personal Information. Use of certain features of the Web Site may require submission of certain personal information, including your first and last name, email address, a nickname (or other user ID) and a password. 

Special Note for Parents

Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, funnypark.net does not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information on the Web Site from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of our Web Site is directed to persons under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use or access the Web Site at any time or in any manner. If funnypark.net learns that personally identifiable information of persons under 13 years of age has been collected on the Web Site without verified parental consent, then funnypark.net will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. 

How is the information being used? 

The information is used to operate and improve the features, offerings and content presented to you by funnypark.net, to personalize the content and advertisements provided to you; to fulfill your requests for products, programs, and services; to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries; to conduct research about your use of the Web Site; and to help offer you other products, programs, or services that may be of interest. Please note that funnypark.net may use your personally identifiable information to present offers to you on behalf of business partners and advertisers. However, while funnypark.net's business partners and advertisers may receive aggregate data about Metacafe users, any personally identifiable information of yours will not be shared with third parties unless you have consented to the sharing of this information. Notwithstanding the foregoing, your information may be accessed and disclosed if and as required by legal procedures, as determined by funnypark.net in good faith. Furthermore, funnypark.net may transfer personally identifiable information in the event of a transfer of ownership of funnypark.net or any of its Web Sites or products, in which case the information could become subject to a different privacy policy. 

Cookies

funnypark.net may use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to enhance and personalize your experience of the Web Site, including to operate and improve offerings through the Web Site; to help authenticate your identity when you visit and transact with the Web Site; to remember your preferences and registration information; to present and help measure and research the effectiveness of the various offerings, advertisements, and e-mail communications (by determining which e-mails you open and act upon); and to customize the content and advertisements provided to you. funnypark.net does not require that you accept cookies, and you may disable cookies at any time. However, some functionality of our Web Site may be impaired if you decline to accept cookies. To disable cookies, follow the instructions in your web browser. 

Revised and republished 2014
