> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the funnyordie.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180629224103id_/http%3A//www.funnyordie.com/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Notice | Funny Or Die

Thank you for visiting [www.funnyordie.com](https://web.archive.org/), a general audience site presented by Funny Or Die, Inc. ("Funny Or Die"). Your privacy is important to us. As such, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used at this site and among our network of affiliated websites and applications, which includes any online or mobile sites, applications or services owned, operated or offered by or on behalf of Funny Or Die (each a “Site”, collectively the "Funny Or Die Sites"). This Privacy Notice and the Funny Or Die Terms of Use set forth the terms that apply to your access and use of the Funny Or Die Sites. **Please note that any video, image, or other content posted at the direction of users onto the Funny Or Die Sites becomes published content available to the general public, which will be removed solely at our discretion, and which remains subject to our Terms of Use.**

## _The Information We Collect_

At some Funny Or Die Sites, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information (such as your full name or email address) in order to participate in various activities, such as uploading videos, posting messages in our forums or in the video comments section, entering contests or sweepstakes, taking advantage of promotions, responding to surveys, or subscribing to newsletters or other mailing lists. If accessing a Site from a mobile device, you may be asked to share your geo-location information, and identifiers designed to enable advertising on your device may be used by us or our service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, and partners. You can turn off geo-location data collection at any time by accessing the privacy settings of your mobile device. Depending on the device, you may also be able to reset its advertising identifier by accessing the privacy settings.

You also can engage with our content, such as video, games, applications, and other offerings, on or through third-party social networking sites, such as Facebook, and Funny Or Die or third-party social media plug-ins and applications. When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites, plug-ins or applications, you may allow us to have access to certain information from your social media profile (e.g., name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, location, user files like photos and videos, your list of friends, people you follow and/or who follow you, the posts or the ‘likes’ you make, etc.) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the application. We may also obtain non-personally identifiable information (e.g., content viewed, game performance, high scores, and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on) from your interaction with our content. Through some social networking sites’ privacy settings, you can control what data you share. For more information about how social networking sites handle your personal information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use.

We, our service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, and partners may collect various types of non-personally identifiable information when you visit the Funny Or Die Sites. The information may be collected via cookies, log files, and web beacons (aka “clear GIFs”).

Cookies are text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters that are placed in your computer’s browser. Cookies do not contain personally identifiable information. However, once you choose to furnish a Site with personally identifiable information, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Funny Or Die Sites may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.

Log files automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website (“Server Logs”). These Server Logs may include your Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your visit, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser.

Web beacons are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor the behavior of and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page. For example, web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page.

## _How We Use the Information_

We will not use your personally identifiable information to send marketing messages to you without your consent or as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. We may, however, use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests or when we make changes to our terms of service, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter, or to contact you about your account with us). We may use web beacons in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened.

The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience. We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs, services or customized experiences. If you register and create an account with a Site, the screen name you select as well as other content you submit to your profile (such as photos, comments, video content, or reviews) will be displayed publicly on the Site and may be reused and redistributed by us in our discretion.

We receive and store information you knowingly provide to us, including reputable third-party account registration information and/or log-in credentials. We also collect information you supply to us regarding your personal preferences and interests. If you access the Funny Or Die Sites through Facebook Connect, you understand that some content and/or information in your Facebook account may be transmitted into your account with us if you authorize such transmissions, and that third-party account information transmitted to the Funny Or Die Sites is covered by this Privacy Policy. You can choose not to provide us with any or all of the information we specify or request, but then you may not be able to register with us or to take advantage of some or all of our features.

The Funny Or Die Sites include and run social media features, buttons and widgets. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the Funny Or Die Sites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

We use information collected via cookies, clear gifs, and web beacons to: (a) store your preferences; (b) understand Site and Internet use; (c) improve Site design and content; (d) manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the Funny Or Die Sites; (e) monitor the behavior of and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page; (f) customize the content, offerings, or advertisements you see on the Funny Or Die Sites; and (g) offer you products, programs, or services.

## _How We Share and Disclose the Information_

We may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing the Funny Or Die Sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements.

Our agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy notice and are not authorized to use the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us.

We may share non-personally identifiable information with third parties to help them to understand the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, or functionality on the Funny Or Die Sites. We may also share non-personally identifiable information with third parties to provide users with additional or more relevant product and service opportunities.

## _Analytics and Third Party Advertising_

We may use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, and Site analytics, and to also assist us with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. These third parties may view, edit, or set their own cookies. The use of such technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy notice.

Advertising enables us to provide you with the content for which we are known. Our goal is to deliver advertising that is relevant to you. As part of this process we, our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, or our partners may collect information about your online activities across the Funny Or Die Sites and other sites, and supplement such information with information from third parties, in an effort to make inferences about your interests and deliver to you advertisements targeted to those interests.

We may use reputable third-party audience data such as age, gender and interests to better understanding the behavior of our visitors and work with companies that collect information about your online activities to provide advertising targeted to suit your interests and preferences. For example, you may see certain ads on the Funny Or Die Sites or other reputable third party websites to target our ads based on information we or they have collected, including information that was collected through automated means (such as cookies and web beacons). These companies also use automated technologies to collect information when you click on our ads, which helps track and manage the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.

We offer you choices with regard to these interest-based ads. To learn more about interest-based ads and the choices available to you, please visit our AdChoices page.

At this time, the Funny Or Die Sites do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "do not track" instructions. However, you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information.

## _Our Commitment to Security_

We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, to maintain data security, and to use correctly the information we collect online. However, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy notice.

## _Our Commitment To Childrens' Privacy_

Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, we do not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of the Funny Or Die Sites is directed to persons under 13. If you are under 13 years of age, then do not use or access the Funny Or Die Sites at any time or in any manner. If we learn that personally identifiable information of persons less than 13 years of age has been collected on the Funny Or Die Sites without verified parental consent, then we will take appropriate steps to delete this information.

## _Special Note to International Users_

The Funny Or Die Sites are hosted in the United States and are intended for and directed to Users in the United States. If you are accessing the Funny Or Die Sites from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Funny Or Die Sites, which are governed by U.S. law, this Privacy Notice, and our Terms of Use, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer.

## _Merger, Sale, or Bankruptcy_

In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information we have collected from as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors' rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used.

## _Revisions and Effective Date_

From time to time, we may modify this privacy statement. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. In general, we only use your personally identifiable information in the manner described in the Privacy Notice in effect when we received the personal information you provided. For revisions that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of the personally identifiable information you have already provided to us, we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing such revisions with respect to such information. Your continued use of the Funny Or Die Sites constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Notice and any future revisions.

This Privacy Notice was last revised on June 17th, 2015.

Please contact Funny Or Die with any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice or your personal information by emailing privacy@funnyordie.com.
