> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the funnyhub.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-04-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090414152656id_/http%3A//www.funnyhub.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Funny Hub - Privacy Policy

707 Interactive and FunnyHub.com respect your right to privacy and do not collect any personal information that is not submitted by the user (such as signing up for one of our mailing lists or creating a user account). In the event that we obtain your e-mail address via submission, it will only be used for delivering newsletters (or to send an invitation to subscribe to a newsletter should you select this option) and will not be distributed to any third-party or subjected to commercial e-mail. The only possible way you will ever have your e-mail address subscribed to our daily newsletter is if you specifically verify the subscription by clicking a confirmation link in a verification e-mail. If you receive any other type of e-mail from the funnyhub.com domain aside from direct correspondence, such as spam or virus messages, these messages are forged and were not actually sent by 707 Interactive or FunnyHub.com. You may also unsubscribe from our newsletter immediately by visiting the link provided at the bottom of each newsletter message. 

We have also taken precautions to ensure that our e-mail lists are not illegally obtained by an outside party, although we cannot guarantee that this isn't at least a possibility in extreme circumstances (such as our web server being hacked by a highly skilled party). 

707 Interactive and FunnyHub.com reserve the right to distribute cookies on your personal computer, but they do not collect any personally identifiable information other than maintaining your account login should you select the "remember me" option, nor will they assist in the distribution of any spyware or malware. The purpose of these cookies is merely to prevent visitors from rating the same page of content more than once so the scoring is fair and cannot be unfairly manipulated by a single user, or to remember your settings each time you visit the funnyhub.com site. 

The advertisements on FunnyHub.com are provided by both direct advertisers and third-party ad networks, including Break.com, Google, ValueClick Media, Tribal Fusion, Casale Media, Revenue Science, and other third-party ad networks. These ads often distribute cookies for the purpose of frequency capping and optimization, which we consider to be a legitimate use of technology. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to various sites in order to provide advertisements on our sites and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. To learn more, you will need to visit each respective company's website. 

While 707 Interactive will make every reasonable effort to prevent ads that contain spyware, adware, or other malicious programs such as drive-by-downloads, we cannot always guarantee their exclusion due to the third-party nature of online advertising. 

If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to [contact us](https://web.archive.org/contact/). 
