> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the funnygrid.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180629045044id_/http%3A//funnygrid.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FUNNYGRID - It's a grid and it's funny

**PRIVACY POLICY**  
This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to the information collected on the pages of and by the Websites on the website located at "www.funnygrid.com" , (the "Website") operated by ( “FG,” "we", "us", or "our"), whether you are a "Visitor" (which means that you simply browse the website). FG respects the privacy of Visitors. By browsing the site as a Visitor, or becoming a Member, you are agreeing to our practices concerning the collection and use of your information and to the terms of this Privacy Policy. FG reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time and notify you by posting an updated version of the Privacy Policy on the website. Please check this on occasion so you know what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we might disclose it. The amended Privacy Policy will apply between us whether or not we have given you specific notice of any change. 

**NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION**  
In general, you can visit the Website and view its content while remaining anonymous by not providing any personal information. The Website uses "cookies" (described below) to automatically collect non-personally identifiable information about Website activity by Users and Visitors, such as: types of Internet browsers, types of computer operating systems, IP Addresses, pages visited on the Website, and/or the web site from which Users or Visitor linked to the Website or advertisements. 

**PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION**  
FG doesn’t collect personally identifiable information about a user unless the User provides it voluntarily. Such personal information is used to operate the Website and/or for any purpose for which you have submitted such information including, without limitation, using and displaying the information on any interactive portion of the Website, or to enhance your online experience. For example, FG may send Users directed email with news and information on new content and features of the Website. Use of any of the services on the Website is entirely voluntary; however, if you do not provide the personal information requested by us, then we may elect not to make the related services available for your use. If you do provide this personal information, then by doing so you consent to our use of such information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you have registered with FG and do not want FG to contact you in the future, please see Opt-Out below. When you do provide FG with personally identifiable information, FG will take appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us. In this regard, our policy is that we do not give, sell or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to anyone outside the FG organization or selected FG partners unless we first disclose to you at the time of collection that your personal information may be provided to third parties. However, there are certain limited instances where we may disclose or transfer personally identifiable information. For example, we may provide such information to appropriate authorities if we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to protect the legal rights or property of FG. Additionally, if we sell the Website, customer information would be transferred to the new owner so that Users can continue to use the Website. 

**COOKIES**  
When you view the Website or any advertisement on the Website, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "cookie" or similar ss_File. "Cookies" are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your Internet browser. Cookies enable our system to recognize your browser and to tailor the Website or advertisement to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. If you choose not to accept cookies, you should be aware that you may not be able to experience the full functionality of the Website. 

**OPT-OUT**  
If after registering on or otherwise providing your personally identifiable information when visiting the Website you no longer wish to receive any commercial electronic mail messages, please use the “unsubscribe” link in the email you receive and you will promptly be removed from our mailing list. 
