> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the funwithpeter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171214110033id_/http%3A//www.funwithpeter.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Funwithpeter, LLC. is committed to protecting your privacy when you use the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service, which is comprised of (i) the Funwithpeter, LLC. website(s) owned or operated by or for Funwithpeter, LLC.); (ii) the servers operated by or on behalf of Funwithpeter, LLC.; and/or (iii) any other technology and/or services that Funwithpeter, LLC. provides its users. The following Privacy Policy was prepared to inform you of the information we collect about you, how that information is used, whether and to whom we disclose it, and the choices you have regarding your personal information.

It is very important that you read and understand our Privacy Policy. If you do not accept the terms set out in our Privacy Policy, please do not use the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service.

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will advise you that changes have been made by posting a notice on our website or otherwise. Your use of the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service constitutes your acceptance of the terms of our Privacy Policy, as may be amended or revised by us, and you are advised to consult our Privacy Policy regularly for any changes (revisions will be reflected by the “last update” notation below).

If you have any questions regarding Funwithpeter, LLC. ’s policies or practices relating to privacy, please direct them to [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)

This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 24, 2008.Collection and Use of Information

While using the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service you may, among other things, gather information on our website, publish and download content, subscribe to one of our services. In doing so, we may collect certain information about you.We may automatically collect certain aggregated data regarding use of the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service, like the number of users and frequency and manner of usage of the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service. We may also collect aggregated information regarding the use of our service, such as the extent to which certain features are used. Aggregated information is anonymous, statistical information that reflects the scope of our user base, sales, customer patterns and related site information. We use this information to better understand how the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service is used, and to improve the online experience of our users. This information is not used in a way that will personally identify you. In addition, certain non-personally identifiable information is collected by Funwithpeter, LLC. and our third-party advertising providers during the course of use of our Service and for example, in serving advertisements to our website, including, for example, the number of times you have viewed an advertisement (but not your name, address, or other personal information). Such information is used by Funwithpeter, LLC. and our advertising providers to facilitate and monitor the serving of advertisements.Similarly, we may also use cookies to track and understand the traffic on our website. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that our website places onto your computer’s hard drive. Cookies identify your computer hard drive so that we can recognize you the next time you visit us. We use cookies to collect and store some information about you, such as the name of the domain and host from which you access the Internet, the Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using, the date and time you access our website and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to our website. We use this information to better understand our users and customize our site for users’ particular preferences. In the same manner, we may also engage third parties to monitor the usage of, and serve advertising to, the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service. These third parties may use cookies and web beacons (which collect non-personally identifiable information regarding user behavior on our website) to collect such information, which is also used to better understand our users and customize our site for users’ particular preferences. You may disable cookies by following directions on your web browser. Disabling cookies also disables web beacons. You should be aware, however, that by disabling cookies you may be unable to access certain services and features of the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service.

We may collect personally identifiable information from you when you seek access to certain portions of the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service, publish or download content, and/or register for our services. This information may include, but is not limited to, your name, physical and e-mail addresses, phone and/or fax numbers, Internet address, type of computer and credit card or other payment information, as well as your preferences and usage patterns. This information may be used to fulfill your requests for services, to communicate with you about your account, to support your online activities, to respond to your questions, to customize your experience and to customize the content or features of the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service. We may use your personally identifiable information to notify you of changes to the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service, Terms of Use and/or Privacy Policy. We may also use your personally identifiable information to personalize your interactive experience on the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service. For example, if you have given us permission, we may use your information to inform you of other products or services that you may find valuable. We may also use the information you provide to make improvements that better serve our users’ needs.

If you prefer not to receive information about additional products and services that we think you may be interested in, you can choose not to receive this information by opting-out when given the opportunity at the point we ask you for your contact information. You may also choose to opt-out after the fact by following the Opt Out instructions provided below.

Disclosure of Information  
We may share aggregated statistical information about users of the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service with third-parties, including our distributors, vendors, actual and potential customers and third-parties that offer products or services for use with the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service. This information is not linked to any personally identifiable information.

Funwithpeter, LLC. will not share your personally identifiable information with any third-parties, with the following exceptions:

As necessary to third parties who perform services for us in operating and marketing the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service, included but not limited to the monitoring of user behavior on our website and the processing of payments for products or services.  
We may be obliged or deem it necessary or appropriate to disclose your information in certain special situations. These situations include: in response to legal process such as a court order or subpoena; to prevent or combat fraud; as required by federal or state law; enforcement of our Terms of Use; and protection of the rights, property or safety of Funwithpeter, LLC., our users or others.  
We may disclose your information in connection with a merger, acquisition, or liquidation of our company and to parents, subsidiaries or affiliates of Funwithpeter, LLC..

Security  
Funwithpeter, LLC. is committed to taking appropriate measures to protect your privacy against unauthorized disclosures. Funwithpeter, LLC. uses a variety of secure techniques designed to protect your information.

While we have implemented safeguards, you should be aware that Internet security technology rapidly changes. As such, we cannot guarantee that the safeguards we employ today can protect your personal information from the threats of tomorrow, or that our security measures are failsafe and not subject to circumvention or unauthorized intrusion. You should also be aware that, despite our best efforts, factors beyond our control may result in disclosure of data.

Third-Party Links  
Portions of the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service may contain links to other third party websites that you may access. These other sites have their own privacy policies, and you should review those policies before following those links. We cannot control the information disclosed at these third-party sites or how that information is used.

Young Children  
We do not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13. To best protect your child’s privacy, we suggest that you carefully supervise your child’s access to the Internet and our website. For more information on how to protect your child’s privacy, you can visit the Federal Trade Commission’s Kidzprivacy page, accessible viawww.ftc.gov.

Opt-Out  
The Funwithpeter, LLC. Service provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving certain communications from us regarding products and services in which you may be interested. You will be given this opportunity at the time we request information about you. If you do not opt-out at the time you provide information, but choose to opt-out later, you may do so by updating your email and text message preferences on your “user account preferences page”

Notice for Users Outside of the United States  
You should be aware that the United States and other countries have not harmonized their privacy regulations. Because the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service is intended specifically for users in the United States, we have written our Privacy Policy to satisfy United States regulations. By using the Funwithpeter, LLC. Service, you agree to the level of privacy protection set out in our Privacy Policy.
