> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the funzio.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121220224449id_/http%3A//www.funzio.com/%3Fpage_id%3D568) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

**PRIVACY POLICY**

Effective March 28, 2010

Funzio, Inc. (“ **Funzio** ,” “ **we** ” or “ **us** ”) provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of our Site and Services (each as defined in the Terms of Use), including our web site at www.funzio.com. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, capitalized terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our [Terms of Use].

**1.               ****User Consent.   **By submitting Personal Information (defined in Section 4 below) through our Site or Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

**2.               ****International Transfer.**  Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Funzio transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there and your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer and processing.

**3.               ****Our Policy Toward Children.**  The Services are not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13.

**4.               ****Information Collection and Use.**  We collect information to provide and improve the Site and Services, to administer your membership, complete your transactions, administer your inquiries, send you Site or Service related communications, send you promotional materials (unless you have requested not to receive such materials as described in Section 6(a) below), enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Site and Services, and in the manners described below.  “ **Personal Information** ” means information that allows someone to identify or contact you, including, for example, your name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home and business postal addresses, as well as any other non-public information about you that is associated with or linked to any of the foregoing information. “ **Non-Identifying Information** ” means information that does not permit the identification of individual persons.  We may collect and use the following types of information, either directly or through our third party service providers:

**(a)            ****Device-Specific Information.**  Device-specific information includes the following information about your mobile device: platform type and version (iOS v4, Android, etc.), hardware and processor type, screen resolution and human readable hardware name.  We use this information to select appropriate art for the screen resolution, to identify your account to simplify sign-on, and to determine the hardware requirements of the user base for our games.

**(b)            ****Registration Information.**  When you register with us (“ **Funzio Subscriber** ”), either through the Site or on one of the Services, we may ask you for Personal Information, e.g., your first and last name, e-mail, mobile phone number, Twitter credentials, and Facebook credentials, and ask you to create a user name and password.  When you register with us, you are not anonymous to us.  Users of Funzio games have the capability to search for other users of Funzio games on Twitter or Facebook. We do not store the search information.

**(c)             ****Location Information.**  In order to use Funzio games, you must consent to the use of your mobile phone’s location, including the display and disclosure of such location information to other users of the Funzio games whom you have indicated as your friends.

**(d)            ****Your Game Play Record.**   Your game play record includes your user name and user profile, in game actions, connections to other players, last played game and score, and other game achievements (for example, high scores) (collectively, the “ **Game Play Record** ”). This Game Play Record is automatically created for every user of Funzio games. This information along with your user name and user profile are used to identify you as a user of Funzio games and is visible to other users when they access the same Funzio game or the Service.

**(e)            ****Game-Specific Information.**   Game-specific information includes information about your use of a specific Funzio game, including your Game Play Record, the mobile device used to play the game, game features used, Virtual Currencies or Virtual Goods purchased and used, total online game sessions and duration, country code and IP address, for that game (collectively, “ **Game-Specific Information** ”).  We use Game-Specific Information to understand your use and preferences with respect to the applicable game and to improve the game and our Service.

**(f)             ****Chat and Discussion-Related Information.**   This information includes user name and user profile, text and time stamps of the message, and the content of the message.  We use this information to moderate forums, chat rooms and instant messaging communications.  Information you post in forums, chat rooms and instant messaging communications are publicly available and other people may see it.

**(g)            ****Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods Purchase Information.**   Virtual Currency and Virtual Goods purchase information includes device ID (including UDID if you are using an Apple device with iOS 4.0 or prior), currency type and exchange rate, country location, product identifier, item ID and quantity, and third party transaction id (such as, but not limited to, Google Checkout).  We use this information to store your inventory on our servers so you can later retrieve it on your mobile device; when this inventory changes we record and store the type and quantity of the items that have changed.

**(h)            ****Payment Information.** When you order any Service, including any Virtual Currency or Virtual Good, or other material offered for purchase on our Site, our payment processing service provider will collect your name, phone number, e-mail address, mailing address, billing address, and complete credit card information that enables them to receive your payment.  Our payment processing service provider may also retain this information to enable you to purchase additional items through our Site or Service without having to re-enter it each time.

**(i)             ****Feedback; Communications.**   If you provide us Feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.  When you participate in one of our surveys, we may collect additional profile information as requested in the survey. Any Feedback you provide will be governed by the Terms of Use.  We may use Personal Information submitted in your communications and the surveys to contact and respond to you and otherwise in the same manner as described above for registration information.

**(j)             ****Twitter and Facebook Credentials.**   When you connect your Funzio account to Twitter or Facebook, we collect your Twitter user name/ID or Facebook user name/ID, session key, timestamps and your user profile picture URL provided by Twitter/Facebook, and list of friend ids, in accordance with the relevant terms of use and privacy policy for Twitter or Facebook, as applicable. It is your responsibility to read and accept their terms of use, as well as privacy policy prior to using our Service.  By using our Service, you hereby consent to the Facebook and Twitter sharing your information with Funzio.  

**(k)            ****Invite a Friend.**   If you decide to invite a third party to create an account with Funzio, we will collect your and the third party’s names, e-mail addresses and/or phone number, in order to send an e-mail and/or sms text on your behalf to the third party.  We send these invites on your behalf and as your service provider.  You agree that you and/or your friend are responsible for any text messaging rates that apply.  You or the third party may contact us at [support@funzio.com](mailto:supportterms@funzio.com) to request the removal of this information from our database.

**(l)             ****Device-Specific Information.**   Device-specific information includes the following information about your mobile device: platform type and version (iOS v4, Android, etc.), hardware and processor type, screen resolution and human readable hardware name.  We use this information to select appropriate art for the screen resolution, to identify your account to simplify sign-on, and to determine the hardware requirements of the user base for our games.

**(m)          ****Log Data.** When you visit the Site or Services, whether as a Funzio Subscriber or a non-registered user just browsing (any of these, a “ **Funzio User** ”), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (“ **Log Data** ”). This Log Data may include information such as your web request, computer’s Internet Protocol (“ **IP** ”) address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before or after you came to our Site, [number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site or Services, for their technical administration, to increase their functionality and user-friendliness, improve our marketing, and to better tailor them to our visitors’ needs. For example, some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Site or Services again, it will recognize you and serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Site or Services meet the criteria required to process their requests. We do not treat Log Data as Personal Information or use it in association with other Personal Information, though we may aggregate, analyze and evaluate such information for the same purposes as stated above regarding other Non-Identifying Information.

**(n)            ****Cookies.**  Like many websites, we use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site or Services. We also store your display resolution and whether JavaScript is enabled in your browser to enhance your user experience. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site or Services, to better understand how you interact with the Site or Services and to monitor aggregate usage by Funzio Users and web traffic routing on the Site or Services. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site or Services and then close your browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions or functionalities of the Site or Services.

**(o)            ****Clear Gifs.**   When you register with or view our Site, we may employ clear gifs, also known as web beacons, which are used to track your online usage patterns.  No Personal Information from your Funzio account is collected using clear gifs. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to you to track which emails are opened by you. This information is used to enable more accurate reporting, improve the effectiveness of our marketing, and improve the Site and Service.

**(p)            ****Third Party Tools.**   The Service may also contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, an example of which includes Google Analytics.  Such third parties may use cookies and application programming interfaces in our Service to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf.  While a third party may have access to your Personal Information in connection with the performance of services for Funzio, it may not use such information for any purpose other than providing services to Funzio.

  1. **5.               ****Information Sharing and Disclosure**



**(a)            ****Funzio Registration.** When you register through the Site or Services and submit your Personal Information to create a profile webpage, Funzio Users may see your username and the other information about you (as described below) (“ **Required Subscriber Identifiers** ”). We may display your Personal Information in your profile page and elsewhere on the Services according to the preferences you set in your account. Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want other Funzio Users to know about you. We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and that you not use your real name as your username, since that would allow others to identify you.  We encourage members to think carefully about what information about themselves they disclose in their profile pages. You can review and revise your profile information at any time.

**(b)            ****Non-Identifying Information.**   We may create Non-Identifying Information records from Personal Information by excluding information (such as your name) that make the data personally identifiable to you.  Funzio reserves the right to use and disclose Non-Identifying Information to third parties in its discretion.  Without limiting the foregoing, we may share Non-Identifying Information with third parties for industry analysis and demographic profiling.

**(c)             ****Service Providers.** We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Site or Services, to provide the Site or Services on our behalf, to perform tasks, (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, billing services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Site or Services) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site or Services are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

**(d)            ****Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement.** We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas and warrants), to protect the property and rights of Funzio or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.

**(e)            ****Affiliates.**   We may share some or all of your Personal Information with our parent company, any subsidiaries, or other companies under common control (“ **Affiliates** ”), in which case we will require our Affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy.

**(f)             ****Business Transfers.** Funzio may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.  The party receiving your Personal Information will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy.

  1. **6.               ****Changing or Deleting Your Information.   **



**(a)            **We may contact you with Funzio’s newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your “user preferences” information as applicable. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you notice of any updates to our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy.

**(b)            **All Subscribers may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile by changing the applicable information in their account settings or, for Services that are hosted on Twitter or Facebook, by changing the applicable information in their profile page on Twitter or Facebook, respectively. If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us and we will attempt to accommodate your request if we do not have any legal obligation to retain the record. When we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives.  See below for privacy contact information.

**7.               ****Security.   **We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. Despite these measures, you should know that Funzio cannot fully eliminate security risks associated with Personal Information.

**8.               ****Links to Other Sites.   **Our Services contain links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by clicking on a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.

**9.               ****Contacting Us.   **If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [support@funzio.com](mailto:supportterms@funzio.com).

**10.            ****Changes To This Privacy Policy.**   This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision in accordance with the Terms of Use.  Changes to this Privacy Policy may affect our use of Personal Information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes.  If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your Personal Information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us.  Continued use of our Site or Services following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
