> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the beatsbydre.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110607150154id_/http%3A//www.beatsbydre.com/support/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Beats by Dr. Dre Privacy Policy

Effective Date: January 20, 2011

Monster, LLC and its corporate affiliates ("us" or "we") provide this Web Site Privacy Statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to respect your privacy. This Web Site Privacy Statement explains how we collect certain personal information at our Web Site at [www.beatsbydre.com](http://www.beatsbydre.com/) and any permutations thereof that directly link to this Website Privacy Statement ("Web Site'). This Web Site Privacy Statement also explains how we use and disclose such information – it does not, however, apply to our use of data that we collect otherwise (e.g., offline or through web sites of our foreign subsidiaries). If you do not agree with this Web Site Privacy Statement, please do not access or use our Web Site.

Monster has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe's program requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy_seals_and_services/consumer_privacy/privacy-programs-requirements.html) including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at [webmaster@monstercable.com](mailto:webmaster@monstercable.com). If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact [TRUSTe here](http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint).

Generally, you can visit us on the Web without telling us who you are or revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. We collect no such information about you when you visit our Web Site unless you choose to provide that information to us. We may request or collect certain personally identifiable information from or about you ("Personal Information") in certain circumstances, as described in this Web Site Privacy Statement and in specific privacy notices (described at the end of this Web Site Privacy Statement under the header "Situations in Which you Submit Personal Information"). 

Like most website operators, we collect and use IP addresses from browsing machines to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We do not link this information with Personal Information about individual users. We may share with potential partners our aggregated demographic information and aggregated information about the transactions conducted on our Web Site. Information we share for these purposes is generally not linked to any Personal Information that can identify any individual person or company. 

Our Web Site uses cookies to enhance your experience while visiting our sites. Cookies are pieces of information transferred to the browsing computer and used for record-keeping purposes. Cookies generally assist users by performing certain functions such as saving passwords and personal preferences regarding the sites. Many consider the use of cookies to be an industry standard. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personally identifiable information. 

Your browser is probably set to accept cookies. If you would prefer not to receive cookies, however, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our sites will not function properly when you view them.

Third parties employ a software technology called Web beacons or clear, that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. Web beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, Web beacons are embedded invisibly on Web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. Third parties do not tie the information gathered by Web beacons to our customers’ personally identifiable information. 

We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies and Web beacons to track non-personally identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate to track usage and volume statistics to improve our Web Site. We have no access or control of these third party tracking technologies. 

Our Web Site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that We are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites, and this Web Site Privacy Statement does not apply to such sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. 

We endeavor to take reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect the security of our users' Personal Information. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL

We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. We do not, however, warrant or represent that your Personal Information is completely safe from hackers and other security threats. If you have questions about the security of this Web Site, please send an email to [webmaster@monstercable.com](mailto:webmaster@monstercable.com). 

If we decide to change this Web Site Privacy Statement – which we reserve the right to do, at any time, effective immediately – we will post the revised policy at this location, or at another location that is accessible via link from our homepage, so that users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it, on any given day. If at any point we decide to use Personal Information in a manner that is substantially different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email or prominent notice on our Web site, and provide users with a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. 

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at [webmaster@monstercable.com](mailto:webmaster@monstercable.com). We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 

We intend to protect the quality and integrity of your Personal Information and try to keep information accurate and complete. Please contact us at [webmaster@monstercable.com](mailto:webmaster@monstercable.com) to find out if and what Personal Information we may have related to you. Also, if any of your Personal Information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), please let us know at [webmaster@monstercable.com](mailto:webmaster@monstercable.com). We will respond to your request for access within 30 days. 

If you do not wish to receive future communications from us, you can send an e-mail to [webmaster@monstercable.com](mailto:webmaster@monstercable.com) with the subject stating "UNSUBSCRIBE" or follow the unsubscribe instructions included in each promotional email.

We will generally not transfer Personal Information to third parties except as disclosed in this Web Site Privacy Statement or in specific privacy notices (described at the end of this Web Site Privacy Statement under the header "Situations in Which You Submit Personal Information"). 

We generally reserve the right, however, to transfer any non-personal information without restrictions and to transfer Personal Information in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization, and/or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. Also, we may use or disclose Personal Information as required or permitted by law and/or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with a legal requirement, a court order, request by law enforcement officials, or other legal process, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others or ourselves. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful.

We do share Personal Information within the Monster affiliated companies to offer you products and information that may be of interest to you with your consent.

In addition, we may need to transfer Personal Information to third parties who perform services on our behalf in your interest. For example, we may release personal information to third parties to fulfill customer orders, send marketing communications, deliver packages, fulfill subscriptions, schedule and perform installation and servicing, conduct research or surveys, send regular mail and e-mail on our own behalf, or to process credit card payments. These third party service providers may not use your information for their own marketing purposes. 

In certain situations, we will ask you to submit Personal Information. For example, in order to register your Beats By Dre product, you will be asked to complete a product registration form, which will require you to submit Personal Information such as your name, address, e-mail address, and to indicate which Beats By Dre products you own, where you purchased these products and what the UPC number is. In addition, we ask you to answer questions on how you heard about our products, what your favorite type of music is, whether the Us product you are registering was a purchase or a gift, whether you bought it with a new system or component, what the purchase price was, how you describe your experience when purchasing the product, how often you have purchased Beats By Dre products, how you would describe the Beats By Dre product, what your age and gender is, whether you have any suggestions for our products improvements, and other questions that will assist us in developing products for you. 

When you purchase a product from us we will collection Personal Information from you such as your name, email address, credit card information, and shipping information. 

If you would like to register for to become a member, we may ask you to submit a contact form with your name, address and e-mail address. We will use this information to send the newsletters to you. 

In order to deliver additional information that you request about our products or services, we may ask you to submit a customer service form with your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, the Beats By Dre product you own, the topic of your request and your comments. 

You can also e-mail us your comments or a review about Beats By Dre products. In order send your comments and reviews to us, you will be asked to submit Personal Information, such as your name, address, phone number, occupation/profession, e-mail address and your comments and opinions (Your Statement"). We will keep this information in its database and may contact you by the means you've provided to us. In addition, we may post your name, profession and Your Statement on our website or use your name, profession and Your Statement in marketing materials at our sole discretion. However, we receive permission to post testimonials and product reviews that contain personally identifiable information prior to posting. We may also share your name, profession and Your Statement with potential partners with your consent who may also use your name, profession and Your Statement in marketing materials. 

If you choose to submit a product review that contains personally identifiable information, you should be aware that this information that you submit can be read, collected, or used by other users of the Web Site, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information that you submit in this forum. 

We will transfer this Personal Information only as described under the header "Transfer of Personal Information." Whenever our data processing practices with regard to Personal Information that you actively submit to us are substantially different from those described in this Website Privacy Statement, we will add special privacy notices to those segments of our Web Site where we prompt you to submit Personal Information, e.g., in connection with contests or special promotions. 

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at [webmaster@monstercable.com](mailto:webmaster@monstercable.com).  


455 Valley Drive, Brisbane CA 94005
