> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the beautifullybellafaith.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130509082929id_/http%3A//beautifullybellafaith.com/disclosure-and-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclosure and Privacy Policy

**DISCLOSURE POLICY**

**This policy is valid from 13 August 2012**

 This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. For questions about this blog, please contact  Amber Pilcher.

 This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.

 The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

 The owner(s) of this blog is not compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the blog owners. If we claim or appear to be experts on a certain topic or product or service area, we will only endorse products or services that we believe, based on our expertise, are worthy of such endorsement. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer or provider.

 This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

### **Privacy Policy**

**Beautifully BellaFaith respects your privacy.**

Any personal information you provide to us including and similar to your name, address, telephone number and e-mail address will not be released, sold, or rented to any entities or individuals outside of Beautifully BellaFaith.

**Credit card details**

Beautifully BellaFaith will never ask for Credit Card details and request that you do not enter it on any of the forms on Beautifully BellaFaith.

**External Sites.**

Beautifully BellaFaith is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. You are advised to read the privacy policy of external sites before disclosing any personal information.

**Cookies**

A “cookie” is a small data text file that is placed in your browser and allows Beautifully BellaFaith to recognize you each time you visit this site(customisation etc). Cookies themselves do not contain any personal information, and Beautifully BellaFaith does not use cookies to collect personal information. Cookies may also be used by 3rd party content providers such as newsfeeds.

**Remember The Risks Whenever You Use The Internet**

While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to Beautifully BellaFaith and you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information. In addition other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through Beautifully BellaFaith have separate data and privacy practices independent of us, and therefore we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions.

Please contact those vendors and others directly if you have any questions about their privacy policies.

For any other information email [webmaster](mailto:beautifullybellafaith@gmail.com)
