> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the beaumont.org privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161019063455id_/http%3A//www.beaumont.org/patients-families/patients-rights-privacy/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Beaumont Health

Beaumont Health, the corporate parent to William Beaumont Hospital, Botsford General Hospital and Oakwood Healthcare, Inc., is committed to your right to privacy.  For this reason, we have established website policies to protect the privacy of our website visitors. Any and all information collected on this website will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, loaned, traded, leased or otherwise disclosed without prior consent.  

###  **Collected Information and Use**

Beaumont collects the domain name (e.g., xyz.com) of a visitor's server whenever possible and maintains it in our website logs. Beaumont, directly or through our agents, analyzes our website logs to constantly improve the value of the information available on the website. If you access a link to an agent’s website, that website may have additional privacy policy information. Beaumont’s website logs are not personally identifiable, and we make no attempt to link them with the individuals that actually browse the site. Beaumont collects very little personally identifiable information from visitors to its websites. Usually, such data is only collected when a visitor requests information, registers for specialized areas on the site, fills out a survey or form or submits a resume.

###  **Use of Information Collected**

The domain name of the server from which a visitor comes is used to determine the number of visitors to our site, and the sources of that traffic.

Email addresses provided by visitors are used to:

  * respond to comments submitted through feedback and survey forms, when appropriate
  * distribute personalized emails about health care information to those who request such personalized emails



Visitors who complete a survey or form, and indicate a willingness to participate in future surveys or receive future emails, are asked to provide their name, email address, phone number, etc. That information may be shared with our marketing agents who conduct business on behalf of Beaumont. 

### **Removing your name from our files**

If you no longer wish to receive emails from Beaumont, please let us know by sending an email message to [**webmaster@beaumont.org**](mailto:webmaster@beaumont.org). ****  Please be certain to provide the following, so we can honor your request:

  * your full name
  * your email address (If you use more than one email address, send a message from each of your email accounts.)
  * a sentence asking that your email address be removed from our files



###  **Website Security**

Areas of our website that collect personal information (forms, surveys, etc.) are encrypted. Encryption prevents your information from being intercepted. We store all of your personal data in a way that maximizes its security and confidentiality.

###  **Cookies**

"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies may be used on some areas of our website. A cookie is generated by a software application on a sites server which enables it to customize services to the interests of the user by tracking the user's navigation through a small text file on the user's hard drive. 

It is Beaumont’s policy to use cookies to make the use of our websites easier for visitors and to facilitate efficient registration procedures. In most cases, a visitor can refuse a cookie and still fully navigate our websites. Our cookies do not contain information that allows us to identify you personally.

If you are concerned about cookies, most browsers now recognize when a cookie is offered, and permits users to opt-out of receiving it. If you are not sure whether your browser has this capability, you should check with the software manufacturer or your Internet service provider. 

Beaumont uses pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These GIF files are provided by our ad management partner, DoubleClick. These files enable DoubleClick to recognize a unique cookie on your web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. The cookie was placed by us, or by another advertiser who works with DoubleClick. With both cookies and Spotlight technology, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. For more information about DoubleClick, including information about how to opt out of these technologies, go to [doubleclick.net](http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy).

##  **Legal Notices**

###  **Copyright and Trademarks**

All content included on this site, including but not limited to, text, graphics and images, is, unless otherwise noted, copyrighted under United States law and protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. No use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance, of the content on this site is permitted without Beaumont’s written permission.

Beaumont trademarks, service marks and trade names may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Beaumont’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Beaumont.  

###  **No Client or Patient Relationship**

 ****No client or patient professional relationship is implicated or established and neither Beaumont nor any other person is, in connection with this site, engaged in rendering consulting or other professional health care services or advice. You should consult with your health care professionals who are familiar with your specific health care for advice before making any health care decision.  

###  **Disclaimers**

This site is provided by Beaumont on an “as is” basis. Beaumont makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content or materials included on this site. Beaumont may provide links to other sites that are not maintained by Beaumont. Beaumont neither monitors nor endorses those sites nor does it make any representations or warranties with respect thereto. 

###  **Your consent**

By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of the information discussed above. Changes in this policy will be posted on this page so that you may always be aware of what information is being collected, how it is being used, and under what circumstances it is being disclosed.

###  **Tell us what you think**

Beaumont welcomes your questions and comments, about privacy or about any other subject. Please send your email to ****[**webmaster@beaumont.org**](mailto:webmaster@beaumont.org).
