> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the beautyschoolsdirectory.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090616182238id_/http%3A//beautyschoolsdirectory.com/terms) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Terms of Use / Privacy Statement | Beauty Schools Directory

**Terms of Use**   
The beautyschoolsdirectory.com web site is intended for use by prospective students only.   
Any commercial use of the data, content, text, or images contained in the web site or its database is strictly prohibited and constitutes an infringement of our copyrighted work and content.

**Privacy Policy**  
Beauty Schools Marketing Group, the parent company of beautyschoolsdirectory.com, is respectful of your privacy. We track and collect information which helps us analyze who visits our web site and what services on our site provide the most useful information for you. In addition, we work with FetchBack to display Retargeted ads to our site prospects, on our behalf, across the Internet. They collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits to our Website, and your interaction with our products and services. The anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. No Personally Identifiable Information is collected during this process. To read FetchBBack's Privacy Policy, [click here](http://www.fetchback.com/privacy.html). If you do not want FetchBack to collect this information, you may opt our of their service. Opting out will not in any way effect your use of our site. To Opt-Out of Fetchback Retargeting, please [click here](http://www.fetchback.com/optout.html). Visit the Network Advertising Initiatives Opt-Out by clicking [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

Our request for information collects personal data that is passed along to the school(s) you identify so they can contact you with additional information. We also collect information by placing cookies (small files) on your computer to track how you move through our web site and where you found out about our web site. We do not, however, collect or store any data in the cookies that would allow us to identify you personally. 

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us by e–mail at [info@beautyschoolsdirectory.com](mailto:info@beautyschoolsdirectory.com). 

**How do we use the personal information that you provide to us?**  
Broadly speaking, your personal information is used to help match your interests with schools that provide the training you seek.  Your information is shared with the schools that you select, in order for them to contact you with information about their programs.  If your search yields no results, we may store your information and send you updates if and when programs you specified do become available. We also use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing customer service, and making other products and services available to our customers and prospective customers. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to the web site, new services and special offers we think you will find valuable.

**Sharing information with third parties**  
Beauty Schools Directory offers a number of third-party services from the site through Co-Brand Service Providers and — if you choose to use these optional services — may share some of your personally identifiable information with the Co-Brand Service Provider offering such services. In addition, Beauty Schools Directory may enter into strategic marketing alliances with third parties such as advertisers, businesses, partners and subsidiaries who may be given access to personal information, including your name, address and e-mail, for the purpose of providing you with information about products and services that may be of interest to you. We cannot and do not make any representations about the practices and policies of these companies, and they are not subject to our Privacy Policy.
