> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the apigee.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140618220629id_/http%3A//apigee.com/about/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Apigee Corporate Privacy Policy | We will keep your data private | Apigee

This privacy policy applies to the Apigee service offered by Apigee, inc. ("Apigee"). Apigee is committed to providing a private and secure experience while using Apigee. The following privacy policy will help you to understand how Apigee will treat your personal information. As Apigee continues to improve Apigee and as Apigee takes advantage of developments in technology, this policy may change from time to time so please check this policy on an ongoing basis for revisions and updates. If you have any questions or concerns in connection with Apigee's information collection practice summarized in this Apigee privacy policy, please send an email, with the subject heading "Apigee privacy policy question," to [info@apigee.com](mailto:info@apigee.com). In the email, please state your questions or concerns. In addition, where more detailed information is needed to explain Apigee's privacy practices, Apigee posts supplementary privacy notices. These notices can be found on Apigee's website at [http://apigee.com](http://apigee.com/).

If you are located outside of the united states, please note that Apigee complies with the U.S.-EU safe harbor and the U.S. –Swiss safe harbor framework as set forth by the united states department of commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway (eea). To learn more about Apigee’s safe harbor program or to view our safe harbor privacy policy please visit[ http://apigee.com/about/safe-harbor-privacy-policy.](https://web.archive.org/about/safe-harbor-privacy-policy)

  1. Collection of Information




Information is collected within the Apigee in several ways. During the ordering process, Apigee asks for information such as names, addresses, and account information. Once you have submitted this information, you will be registered into Apigee. You may also be asked for personal information when you add Users, report a problem with Apigee, or if you otherwise contact Apigee. When your API is accessed through Apigee our servers automatically record information that developer programs send. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address and the date and time of your request. Apigee's Apigee Privacy Policy applies to information collection practices on the Apigee website and its products and services (but the underlying agreements for its products and services may contain additional terms). This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that Apigee has no control or influence over the privacy practices of such other sites. Apigee encourages Apigee users to be aware when they leave the Apigee website and to read the Privacy Policy of each and every website that they visit.

  2. Use of Information




Apigee's primary purpose for collecting and using personal information is to ensure the Apigee is tailored to your preferences. The information better equips Apigee to provide you with services and products that you expect from Apigee. Apigee may also use information for marketing purposes. For example, Apigee may use information you provide to contact you to further discuss your interest in Apigee and to send you information regarding Apigee, such as information about promotions or events.  Apigee may also use, for its business purposes, data, text, and files that pass through and/or may be generated by the use of the Apigee products and services in anonymized format.  

  3. Choices Regarding Collection, Use and Distribution of Information




If you indicated upon ordering that you are not interested in receiving offers or information from Apigee, Apigee will remove you from the distribution list. Only Apigee will send you these emails.

  4. Collection and Sharing of Information




When you are on the Apigee website and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with only Apigee. Apigee will not sell, rent, share, or otherwise dispose of the personal information collected on the Apigee website to third parties. Apigee will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information except when we have your express permission or under special circumstances, such as when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. Apigee may also disclose account information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Apigee's rights or property, other users of Apigee, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. Apigee may disclose aggregated user statistics to others, but none of these statistics will contain personally identifiable information about our customers and their use of this site. Apigee may use non-personal information to determine how you found out about Apigee, what your interests are regarding Apigee.

  5. Cookies




A "cookie" is a small file that is sent to your Web browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Apigee may use cookies to compile information about you and your use of our site so that we may improve your experience of Apigee. Generally, we may use cookies in connection with our site for security purposes.

  6. Correction of Information Collected




You have the right to correct or update the personal information collected about you on the Apigee website. To correct or update personal information, send an email, with the subject heading "Correct/Update Personal Information," to [info@apigee.com](mailto:info@apigee.com).
