> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the apihealthcare.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111109094652id_/http%3A//www.apihealthcare.com/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# API Healthcare | Human Capital Management Software | Privacy Policy

_Date of last revision: November 18, 2010  _

API Healthcare Corporation (“API Healthcare”) treats your privacy seriously and has created this Privacy Policy as a firm commitment to maintain your privacy.  The following sets forth API Healthcare’s information gathering and dissemination practices for this website (the “API Healthcare Website”).  This Privacy Policy applies to all Internet web pages of the API Healthcare Website.  By accessing and using the API Healthcare Website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure by API Healthcare of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. 

 WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY.

**INFORMATION GATHERED BY API HEALTHCARE FROM YOU DURING YOUR VISIT TO THE WEB SITE**   
During your visit to the API Healthcare Website, you may provide API Healthcare with two types of information: (a) personal information you knowingly and voluntarily choose to disclose; and (b) information that API Healthcare automatically collects from you as you browse the API Healthcare Website.

(a)   **_Information you knowingly and voluntarily disclose_**.  API Healthcare collects and stores any information you enter on the API Healthcare Website (e.g., name, mailing address, telephone number, e-mail address, user profile information, date of birth, gender, biography, interests, affiliations, hobbies).  Providing this information is completely voluntary on your part.  Information is collected from users during their visit to the API Healthcare Website in the following areas: online employment inquiries (e.g., resume submission, applications); requests for information and quotes regarding products and services; web demonstrations; registrations for events, newsletters and seminars; registration and completion of surveys and research studies; lists subscription requests; submissions of design considerations; requests for enhancements, new reports, or changes in existing reports; question and answer and discussion forums; sending data and information to API Healthcare; e-mail; etc. 

**_How API Healthcare uses this information_**.  API Healthcare may use this information to communicate with you when necessary in connection with your use of the API Healthcare Website or otherwise in the normal course of API Healthcare’s business.  API Healthcare may use this information to: allow you access to certain areas of the API Healthcare Website; consider your suggestions; develop products; respond to questions, queries, or requests; respond to you for clarification; process your request for materials or information; process your request for registration; process and analyze surveys and statistics; create focus groups; coordinate support requests; provide you with materials and information relating to upcoming events, new products and services, and general information about API Healthcare’s products and services; establish e-mail contact with you; etc.

Should you desire to review and/or correct any information you knowingly and voluntarily disclose through the API Healthcare Website, please submit a request by emailing API Healthcare at [webmaster@apihealthcare.com](mailto:webmaster@apihealthcare.com).

(b)    ** _Information automatically collected_**.  API Healthcare automatically logs the date of your visit to the API Healthcare Website, your IP address/host, the API Healthcare Website pages visited, length of visit, and the number of visits.  Other information automatically collected includes, the type of computer, operating system, browser, version, language, monitor color depth and resolution, etc., that you are using.  This information is provided by your browser. 

**_How API Healthcare uses this information_**.  API Healthcare uses this information to diagnose problems, track usage, and improve the performance of the API Healthcare Website.  API Healthcare may also use cookies throughout the API Healthcare Website to identify and store user preferences, to monitor aggregate usage by users and web traffic routing, and to improve the quality of your visit to the API Healthcare Website.

**DISCLOSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO OTHERS**   
API Healthcare does not sell, rent, license, trade or otherwise disclose the personal information of its API Healthcare Website users to unaffiliated third parties, however, API Healthcare may share such information among its service providers who assist API Healthcare in operating the API Healthcare Website or conducting its business.  API Healthcare may also share such information among its affiliates as necessary to provide you with the information and services you request.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, API Healthcare may disclose information about you: (a) if and when API Healthcare believes it is necessary to comply with any law, rule, court order, subpoena, or legal process; (b) to enforce its legal rights or the rules of this API Healthcare Website; (c) to protect API Healthcare’s business, property, and operations; or (d) in connection with a sale, acquisition, merger, or other business combination of API Healthcare’s business with a third party.  Some areas of the API Healthcare Website may allow you to conduct transactions (e.g., event registrations, solution and/or services purchases).  In connection with these types of transactions, API Healthcare collects information and data necessary to complete the transaction that is furnished by you, and may provide this data to its service providers in order to facilitate the transaction. 

**LINKS TO THIRD PARTY WEB SITES**   
API Healthcare may provide hyperlinks to third party Internet websites on the API Healthcare Website.  Such external third party hyperlinks may have different privacy policies and statements specific to those sites.  This Privacy Policy only applies to the API Healthcare Website.  API Healthcare does not and cannot make any promises or guarantees regarding data collection and dissemination on such third party hyperlinks and sites and is not responsible for the privacy practices of such third parties.  API Healthcare strongly encourages you to review any and all privacy policies and statements of such third party Internet websites.

**INFORMATION SECURITY**   
API Healthcare uses commercially reasonable methods consistent with industry practice to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, use, or disclosure of the information that API Healthcare collects through the API Healthcare Website.  Please note that no transmission of data over the Internet or any wireless network can be 100% secure.  As a result, while API Healthcare strives to protect your personal information, API Healthcare cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to or from API Healthcare, and you do so at your own risk.  

**CHILDREN**   
The API Healthcare Website is not intended for, and is not directed to, children under the age of 18, and there is no reason to suspect that the API Healthcare Website is designed in a manner that would attract such children.  API Healthcare does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 18.  If you are under the age of 18, please do not provide personal information of any kind whatsoever.  If a child provides API Healthcare with personal information, a parent or guardian of that child may contact us at [webmaster@apihealthcare.com](mailto:webmaster@apihealthcare.com) if they would like such information deleted from API Healthcare records.

**CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY**   
API Healthcare reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove this Privacy Policy, in whole or in part, at any time, with or without notice, by posting a new Privacy Policy at this location (and each such modification shall be effective upon posting on the API Healthcare Website).  Your continued use of the API Healthcare Website following any such modification constitutes your acceptance.  You are responsible for regularly reviewing this Privacy Policy.

**CONTACT INFORMATION**   
You can send e-mail to API Healthcare with any questions relating to this Privacy Policy at [webmaster@apihealthcare.com](mailto:webmaster@apihealthcare.com).
