> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ironplanet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-08-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100821192452id_/http%3A//www.ironplanet.com/main/privacy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# IronPlanet - Privacy Statement

[Home](https://web.archive.org/index.jsp) > Privacy Statement

IronPlanet, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "IronPlanet" or "we") is committed to protecting your privacy online. You are important to us, and we will take special care to maintain your trust. In order to fully understand your rights, we encourage you to read this Privacy Statement and to consult our Terms & Conditions as set forth in the IronPlanet website currently located at [http://ironplanet.com](http://www.ironplanet.com/) ("IronPlanet Site" or "Site"). Please direct questions regarding this statement to [CustomerCare@ironplanet.com](mailto:customercare@ironplanet.com). 

**When does IronPlanet collect my personal information?  
** IronPlanet gathers information from users in three ways: voluntary registration, cookies, web beacon technology and log files. 

> **Voluntary Registration**. When you register with IronPlanet, we ask for certain necessary personal information. Other specific services may have additional registration requirements and may require you to provide additional information. 
> 
> **Cookies**. IronPlanet uses a browser cookie to remember your login name (but not your password), as a reminder to assist you the next time you log on to our Site. A cookie helps the Site to recall your specific information or subsequent visits in order to simplify the process of delivering relevant content and ease site navigation. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to use interactive features of this or other websites that depend on cookies. 
> 
> **Web Beacons**. IronPlanet may user electronic images known as web beacons - sometimes called single-pixel gifs - that assist in delivering cookies on our sites and allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. We may include web beacons in promotional email messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. IronPlanet may also employ web beacons from third parties in order to help us compile aggregated statistics and determine the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns. 
> 
> **Log Files**. IronPlanet may also log standard information about your visit, including your IP address, browser type and language, access times, referring website addresses, the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with the Site for the purposes of systems administration or to report information in aggregate form to our advertisers, sponsors, and corporate partners. 

**How is my personally identifiable information used?**

We use the personal information you submit to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Site. 

> **Customized Look and Feel**. We user cookies, web beacons, and log fine information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the site; (b) provide a customized look and feel and personalized content and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of our service; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors and traffic patterns, demographics, users' preferences, and other information in the aggregate; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with the IP addresses controlled by a specific web company or ISP; and (f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in. 
> 
> **E-mail**. If you register with our Site, from time to time, IronPlanet may email you with informative messages about our services or third party products and services we believe may be of interest to you. 

**With whom does IronPlanet share information?  
**IronPlanet may share user information with specific third parties for the purpose of providing additional services. In particular, IronPlanet has several service partners who provide services or products and as part of such operations, these companies may be provided certain of your contact information. In addition, IronPlanet also discloses aggregated user statistics in order to describe our services and reach to prospective partners, advertisers and other third parties. However aggregate data is not traceable to you specifically. Except for these situations, we will not disclose your personal information to any third parties except to the extent necessary to provide you with a requested service or under circumstances required by law. We will disclose your personal information when we believe in good faith that any applicable law, regulation or legal process requires it, or where we believe disclosure is necessary to protect or enforce our rights. 

Specific uses of personal information that vary from this Privacy Statement (if any) may be found in the User Agreement or privacy policies applicable to that particular service. To the extent that you are notified of uses of your personal information which are different from those described in this Privacy Statement during your enrollment in any particular service, contest or promotion, the uses of which you are specifically notified will govern that service, sweepstakes, contest or promotion. Please note, however, that we do not control the privacy policies of our advertisers and other third party sites to which we provide banner ads and links. If you click through a banner ad or link and submit your information to an advertiser, you will be subject to their own privacy policies. IronPlanet assumes no responsibility or liability for these third party policies or the actions of non-affiliated third parties. 

**What else should I know about my privacy?  
** You should be aware that if you voluntarily disclose personal information online in a public area, that information may be collected and used by others. We do not control the actions of our visitors and registered users. If you disclose personal information in a publicly accessible place in the IronPlanet website ("IronPlanet Site"), you do so at your own risk and you understand that your disclosed information may be collected and used by others to send you unsolicited messages, advertisements, or for other purposes. If you remove personal information from the IronPlanet Site, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages for a certain period of time and other users may have copied or stored your personal information. 

Please remember that you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any password you use to register and you should always be careful and responsible whenever disclosing information online. Also, IronPlanet may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of IronPlanet (for instance, on servers or databases co-located with hosting providers). Although IronPlanet uses reasonable efforts to safeguard the privacy of your personal information, transmissions made by means of the Internet cannot be made absolutely secure and are made at your own risk. IronPlanet expressly disclaims any warranty that your personal information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. IronPlanet assumes no liability for disclosure of data due to errors in transmission or unauthorized breach of our safeguards by third parties. 

**Acceptance of Privacy Policy**. By using the IronPlanet Site and services, you signify your acceptance of this Privacy Statement. If you do not agree or are not comfortable with any policy described in this Privacy Statement, your only remedy is to discontinue use of the IronPlanet Site and services. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Statement at any time. Your continued use of any portion of the IronPlanet Site following notification or posting of such changes, will constitute your acceptance of those changes. If you have questions or concerns about our specific policies, please send an e-mail to [CustomerCare@ironplanet.com](mailto:customercare@ironplanet.com). 
