> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the oanda.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-04-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050405192519id_/http%3A//www.oanda.com/site/legal/privacy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Information

**Disclosure** : OANDA will not sell, trade, or disclose to third parties any customer identifiable information derived from the registration for or use of an OANDA online service -- including customer names and addresses -- without the consent of the customer (except as required by subpoena, search warrant, or other legal process). When OANDA uses other agents, contractors or companies to perform services on its behalf, OANDA will ensure that the company protects your customer identifiable information consistent with this Policy. If OANDA includes your name and any other customer identifiable information in a directory that OANDA creates from information we receive as an online service provider, the company will give you the opportunity to have your information excluded from that directory. Business directories that OANDA creates may, however, contain information obtained from other sources. 

**Collection and Use** : OANDA will collect and use customer identifiable information for billing purposes, to provide and change service, to anticipate and resolve problems with your service, or to create and inform you of products and services that better meet your needs. This means that OANDA may use your customer identifiable information, in conjunction with information available from other sources, to market new services to you that we think will be of interest to you, but we will not disclose your customer identifiable information to third parties who want to market products to you. 

**Banner Advertisements** : OANDA Web site uses a reputable third party to serve the advertisements that you see on the pages of the Web site. 
