> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the buzz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150317201952id_/http%3A//corporate.yp.com/about/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy : YP

Updated September 11, 2014

## Summary

This policy describes how YP collects, uses, shares, and secures information on our owned and operated websites, mobile applications and other properties, as well as the services we use to communicate with consumers and to facilitate communications between consumers and the businesses who advertise with us. Although you should read through the entire policy for complete information, the following provides a summary of some of the most important aspects of our privacy practices:

  * We use your personally-identifiable information to provide you with products, services, and information, including more relevant search results and advertising and to make sharing with others quicker and easier, while enabling you to maintain control of that sharing.
  * We may share your personally-identifiable information with third parties in some situations, such as if you decide to communicate with a company that advertises through our application.
  * We are committed to working with you to reach the right balance of what information we collect, use, and share, by providing you with ways to control information that we collect, through our opt-out mechanisms.
  * We take reasonable measures to secure your sensitive personally-identifiable information, but we cannot promise, and you should not expect, that your sensitive personally-identifiable information will remain secure in all circumstances.



When we use the term “information” we are referring to both personally-identifiable information and non-personally-identifiable information that we collect about you. “Personally-identifiable information” refers to information that personally identifies you, or can reasonably be linked to you by us. Personally-identifiable information can either be “sensitive” or “non-sensitive.” “Sensitive personally-identifiable information” refers to information that is generally considered confidential such as your financial account number, billing information, social security number, and precise location. “Non-sensitive personally-identifiable information” refers to information that is generally not considered confidential such as your name, date of birth, mail or email address, telephone number, friends’ name or email address if you choose to refer them to us, general geographic information (e.g., your city or state), account preferences, and business information. “Non-personally-identifiable information” refers to information that does not specifically identify you, or has been processed so as to effectively prevent your identification, and may include data associated with a particular computer or device you are using that does not personally identify you. 

Our primary purpose in collecting information about you is to provide you with products, services, information, and advertisements that match your interests and preferences. For example, we may use this information to fulfill your order, respond to your inquiries, administer your account, send marketing, assess your needs and interests in order to better tailor offers and/or advertising, improve our website and marketing, conduct research, display content based upon your interests, allow you to search information on our site, and/or list you in our search and directory services. We do this on behalf of ourselves and the businesses which advertise with us. We also use traffic data received through our technologies, in conjunction with third-party demographic and interest-based data, to provide services to our Customers such as tools to see how their website or mobile applications are used. 

We collect information from you by asking that you provide it to us on-line, through a mobile application or device or via other means by which we communicate with you. We also collect information when you choose to communicate with us or when you choose to utilize our services to communicate with other users of our services or with the businesses who advertise with us. We also collect information about your interactions with third-party websites and applications that use our technologies, and may combine the information we collect about you with additional demographic and interest-based data from third-party providers. This may include: 

  1. Identification data (e.g. name, username, password, address, telephone number, mobile number, email address);
  2. Profile information (e.g. age, gender, country of residence, language preference, MyBook business listings and any information that you choose to make available as part of your YP user profile or your MyBook);
  3. Products or services ordered and delivered;
  4. List of your contacts and related data (we will give you a choice as to when and whether you want YP to use contact lists from other services to populate your YP provided contacts list, such as MyBook);
  5. The content of any communications you choose to have with us or with any of our other users or advertisers via the services we make available (e.g. reviews, e-mails, instant messages, recorded telephone calls (including those which we records or store on behalf of our advertisers), user-generated content, etc.); and
  6. Data from surveys in which you participate.



We may also collect information from you automatically. For instance, we, like many websites and applications, automatically collect information including the computer or wireless device you use, unique device identifier, location data, the type of browser and operating system that you use, the internet provider or wireless carrier you use, the webpages or applications you view, the time and duration of your visits, the search queries that you enter, and how you interact with advertising. Among other things, we use the following technologies to automatically collect information:

  * “Cookies” are small data files placed on your computer by the websites you visit and the emails you read and can be used to help recognize you when you return to a website, or when you visit other sites. We, or third party service providers, may use cookies to, among other things, measure activity, personalize your experience, remember your viewing preferences, or track your status or progress when accessing our site. For some of these purposes our cookies may be tied to personally-identifiable information. If you choose, you can set your browser to reject cookies or you can manually delete individual or all of the cookies on your computer by following your browser’s help file directions. If your browser is set to reject cookies or you manually delete cookies, you may have trouble accessing and using some of the pages and features that are currently on our website, or that we may put on our website in the future. We do not operate the cookies or tracking technology used by our third party service providers.
  * “Unique Identifiers” are unique strings of characters that are used to identify you, your computer, or your mobile device. Such identifiers may be preset on your computer or mobile device. We may use unique identifiers to recognize you when you visit our sites or use our mobile applications.
  * “Local Shared Objects,” “LSO’s,” or “Flash Cookies” are data files similar to cookies, except that they can store more complex data. These are used to remember settings, preferences, and usage, particularly for video, interactive gaming, and other similar services. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove them. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for LSO’s or Flash Cookies [click here](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118).
  * “Telephone Caller ID” refers to information automatically transmitted about you when you call someone. If you call a telephone number that we have provided to you, your caller ID may be recorded. Most telephone providers will, upon request, block your caller ID. Such services may not always be effective if you choose to call a pay-per-call (900) or toll-free number.
  * “Web beacons” or “clear pixels” are small graphic images on a Web page or in an e-mail that can be used for such things as recording the pages and advertisements clicked on by users, or tracking the performance of e-mail marketing campaigns.
  * A “web server log” is a record of activity created by the computer that delivers the webpages you request to your browser. For example, a web server log may record the search term you entered or the link you clicked to bring you the webpage. The Web server log also may record information about your browser, such as your IP address and the cookies set on your browser by the server.
  * A “widget” is a program or application that can be embedded in a web page or mobile application. Widgets can provide real-time information, such as stock quotes or weather reports, or take information, such as restaurant reservations or online food orders. Widgets are often provided and hosted by a third party, and may allow that third party to collect data about users viewing that page or interacting with that widget, possibly subject to privacy policies other than YP’s. We also use Social Media Features such as the Facebook Like button. In addition to information you fill in, these features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly.
  * You can log in to our site using “sign-in services” such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personally-identifiable information with us, such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form, or to post information to your account.
  * “Geo-location technologies” refers to technologies that permit us to determine your location. We may ask you to manually provide precise location information on our website, or to enable your mobile device to send us precise location information in order to provide you with relevant services in your area.
  * We may also automatically use information from your web server or computer to determine general location information, such as the city in which you live.



In addition to information that we collect from you, we may collect information about you from third parties for purposes such as ad targeting, optimization and reporting. 

We may share information about you with third parties in certain circumstances including in the following situations. **Advertisers**. If you decide to communicate with a company that advertises with us, for example by calling a telephone number or clicking a link that we provide for that advertiser, we may share non-sensitive personally-identifiable information with the advertiser, including non-sensitive personally-identifiable information that might help the advertiser to contact you, including device identifiers, names of applications associated with a click/install and click/install times. **Advertising Networks**. A third party may use technology (e.g., a cookie) to collect non-sensitive personally-identifiable information about your use of our website or mobile applications so that they can provide advertising about products and services tailored to your interests. If you would like to opt-out of having third party advertising networks use information that YP has shared with them to target advertising to you please see the instructions in the section titled “What Privacy Choices Do I Have” below. **Affiliates**. We may share all types of information with the YP family of companies, including all companies doing business under either the YP® brand, Sense Networks®, YPmobileSM, YPDirect®, BerryNetwork or ANYWHO.COM® brand in the ordinary course of business, for the purpose of fulfilling the services that we provide to our customers and to customize your experience. **Blogs, Online Postings, and Testimonials**. We may share with the public any information that you publish in conjunction with an on-line review, comment, blog, or message board. This may include non-sensitive personal information that identifies you. **Business Transition**. In the event that we, or part, or all, of our assets are acquired, we may share all types of information with the acquiring company. You will be notified via email or a notice on our website of any change in ownership or uses of your personally-identifiable information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally-identifiable information. **In-line Applications & Tools**. We may offer applications, tools, or widgets on our website or in our applications that indicate that they are “powered by” a third party. If you use those applications and tools we may share non-sensitive personally-identifiable information and any additional information you provide as part of that use with that third party. The third party’s use of that information is subject to their privacy policy. **Law Enforcement**. We may report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we reasonably believe to be unlawful, or that we believe may aid a law enforcement investigation. In addition, we reserve the right to release all types of information to law enforcement agencies if we determine, in our sole judgment, that either you have violated our policies, or the release of information about you may protect the rights, property or safety of us or another person. **Legal Processes**. We may share all types of information with others as required by, or permitted by, law. This may include sharing all types of information with governmental entities, or third parties in response to subpoenas, court orders, other legal process, or as we believe is necessary to exercise our legal rights, to defend against legal claims that have been brought against us, or to defend against possible legal claims that we determine in our sole discretion might be brought against us. **Service Providers**. We share all types of information with people and companies that provide us with services. These services may include, among other things, helping us provide products or services that you request, create or maintain our databases, research or analyze the people who use our websites, a mapping service provider to provide a map of the location you are in, and/or process payment card information. Unless you consent, we do not permit our service providers to market their own products or services to you directly. We also require our service providers to agree to take reasonable steps to keep the personally-identifiable information that we provide to them secure. In some instances, we may maintain the look and feel of our site while you are on our service provider’s site. You should look for the “privacy policy” link of any page on which you are submitting information to determine if this privacy policy, or another company’s privacy policy, governs. **Other Third Parties (without your consent)**. We may share non-personally-identifiable information with other third parties that are not described above. When we do so we endeavor to either aggregate or de-identify the information so that a third party would not be likely to link data to you, your computer, or your device. Aggregation means that we combine the non-personally-identifiable information of numerous people together so that the data does not relate to any one person. De-identify means that we remove or change (e.g., hash) certain pieces of information that might be used to link data to a particular person. **Other Third Parties (with your consent)**. We may share any information, including sensitive personally-identifiable information, with other third parties that are not described above if you give us consent to do so. 

We take our commitment to securing personally-identifiable information in our possession seriously. When you provide your credit card number or a social security number we protect your information during transmission and storage through the use of encryption. We also encrypt sensitive data such as geo-location information in transmission. For other types of information, we use reasonable measures to help prevent the information from becoming disclosed to individuals who are not described in this policy. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. No security measures are perfect and we cannot promise that the information about you will remain secure in all circumstances. 

We provide you with the following information management choices: **Individual Directory Listings**. If you do not wish to be listed on YellowPages Find A Person or on [ANYWHO.COM](http://anywho.com/)® you can [click here](http://yellowpagescom.intelius.com/optout.php). **Revising Your Information**. If your personally-identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our services, you may correct, update, or delete information about you, or ask that it be removed from public forums such as directories, blogs, or testimonials by logging in and viewing your user profile (e.g., the “My Account” link on [YP.com](http://yp.com/)) or by contacting us at the email address, telephone number, or mailing address indicated below. If you have previously consented to the use of your location data as outlined within this policy, you may opt out at the device level.  We attempt to respond to your requests within 30 days. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personally-identifiable information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. **Behaviorally Targeted Advertising**. Behaviorally targeted advertising refers to the use of information about you in order to provide advertising that is tailored to your interests. We participate in several types of behaviorally targeted advertising. If you would like to opt-out of receiving advertising that is tailored to you, you have the following options: 

  * Advertising Provided by YP on YP Properties If you would like to manage some of the information that YP uses about you to tailor the advertising that you see on the websites and mobile applications that we own or operate to your interests, or if you would like to opt-out of YP using any personally-identifiable information about you to tailor its advertising, you can do so by clicking [here](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/). Note that if you are using an Apple device which uses iOS6 or later, you will need to follow the instructions provided by Apple for opting out of using the Apple Advertising Identifier.
  * Advertising Provided by Other Companies Using Information Collected on our websites or Applications. If you do not want third parties who collect information about your use of our website or applications to tailor any of the advertising that you see, you can opt-out at the [Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/#completed) and/or the [Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out page](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/).
  * Advertising Provided by YP on Other Properties. If you do not want YP to use personally-identifiable information about you to tailor the advertising that you see on websites and mobile applications that we do not own (i.e., third parties’ websites), you can opt-out [here](http://www.yellowpages.com/about/legal/advertisingchoices).
  * Non-Personally-Identifiable Mobile Profiles.  If you do not want YP to maintain non-personally identifiable user profiles based on your mobile device’s location data (in addition to other opt-outs that may be available through your mobile device or apps), you can opt out through banner ads you receive from us on your phone by clicking on the TRUSTe Ad Choices icon.



**Do Not Track signal.** We treat the data of everyone who comes to our site in accordance with this privacy policy, whatever their Do Not Track setting. We give you choices about turning off tailored advertising, sharing your information with third parties, and receiving promotional offers. You can exercise your choices as described in this section of our privacy policy. We will retain your personally-identifiable information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is permitted by law. 

**Other Websites.** This privacy policy does not apply to websites or applications offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed in a search on our site. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of any third party website before transmitting personally-identifiable information. **Other Contractual Relationships.** If you enter into a separate contractual relationship with us which requires, or contemplates, collecting, using, sharing, or securing information about you in a manner that is different than that which is described in this policy, the terms of that contract will apply. **Referral Services.** If you choose our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. **Your California Privacy Rights.** Under California Civil Code sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents who have an established business relationship with us are entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we share with third parties or corporate affiliates for those third parties or corporate affiliates’ direct marketing purposes. That notice will identify the categories of information shared and will include a list of the third parties and affiliates with which it was shared, along with their names and addresses. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to the following address: **Attn: Privacy, 611 N. Brand Blvd., 5th floor Glendale, CA 91203**. Please allow 30 days for a response. **Children.** Our site is intended for a general, adult audience, and we never knowingly collect personally-identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. **Changes To The Privacy Policy.** We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes to our policy, those changes will apply to information collected after the effective date listed, and we will notify you by placing a notice on our websites prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. **How Do We Communicate With You.** If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy please contact us at: Email address:  **[ypcsupport@yp.com](mailto://ypcsupport@yp.com) **Telephone number:  **866 570 8863** Mailing address:  **611 N. Brand Blvd. 5th Floor Glendale, CA. 91203** If we need, or are required, to contact you concerning any event that involves information about you, we may do so by email, telephone, or mail. Effective Date: August 11, 2014 

YP may communicate with you in a variety of different ways. The following describes some of your options concerning how we communicate with you: **Email Marketing From YP**  If you do not want to receive emails from us about products or services that we offer, you can “opt-out” from receiving such emails by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link provided at the bottom of any marketing email that you receive. Please note that if you choose to opt-out we may still send you non-marketing email. For example, we may send you email about a specific product or service that you request, we may respond to a message from you, or we may send you email about the terms and conditions of our websites. If you decide at a later time that you would like to receive commercial emails from us, you can re-add yourself to our communication list. **Telephone Marketing From YP**  If you do not want to receive telephone calls about products or services that we offer, you can “opt-out” from receiving most telephone marketing calls by visiting the national do not call registry at <https://www.donotcall.gov/> **Text Marketing From YP**  If you do not want to receive text messages from us about products or services that we offer, you can “opt-out” from receiving such texts by text messaging the word  **STOP  **to  **97411**. Please note that text messaging charges by your carrier may apply to these types of communications. 

  

