> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the srmehranclub.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180616010613id_/https%3A//srmehranclub.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Srmehranclub.com

Privacy Policy  2018-05-19T12:27:28+00:00 

We’ve created this privacy statement in order to show our commitment to our and your privacy. This page discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for the website srmehranclub.com

### Information Automatically Logged

This website uses various web analytics tools (such as Google Analytics) and other measurement tools to help analyze how users use the site. These tools use ‘cookies’, which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) is transmitted to Google and sometimes other vendors. This information is then used to evaluate visitors use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for srmehranclub.com.

srmehranclub.com will never (and will not allow any third party) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any personally identifiable information of visitors to my site. The Web Analytics vendors do not associate your IP address with any other data held by them. Neither srmehranclub.com nor the Web Analytics Vendors will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. nobuna.com will not associate any data gathered from this site with any personally identifying information from any source, unless you explicity submit that information via a fill-in form on srmehranclub.com

### Disabling and enabling cookies

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings on your browser.

### External Links

This site contains links to other sites. srmehranclub.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites.

### Personal Information

When you comment or subscribe to an email list, srmehranclub.com will ask for your name & email address. When you buy a product, srmehranclub.com will ask for name and email address as well, and srmehranclub.com might gain some other info like your website’s URL. Your email and any other information will only be used to contact you about updates on srmehranclub.com. Your personal information will not be distributed to anyone for any purpose.

### Security

This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under srmehranclub.com control.

### Contacting the Web Site

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact srmehranclub.com by emailing admin AT srmehranclub DOT com.
