> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the polarisindustries.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160313135207id_/http%3A//www.polaris.com/en-us/company/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Polaris

* * *

  1. Introduction
    1. Polaris Industries Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, "Polaris") have created this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") in order to communicate their policies and practices relating to the collection, use and disclosure of information about you obtained on the websites operated by Polaris ("Polaris Websites"). This Privacy Policy does not apply to any information about you that Polaris may have obtained by other means, for example as part of a warranty registration. You should contact Polaris to obtain its policies and practices in relation to the collection, use and disclosure of such information.
    2. Please read Polaris’ Privacy Policy carefully. Polaris may change or update this Privacy Policy periodically; see Section 8, "Changes and Updates to Privacy Policy." You can view the most current version of the Privacy Policy at any time by clicking on the hyperlink labeled "Privacy Policy" located on each page of the Polaris Websites.
    3. If you decide to use any Polaris Website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information, including personal information, by Polaris under the terms described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, or any modifications to this Privacy Policy, you are not authorized to use any of the Polaris Websites and should not do so.
  2. What Information Does Polaris Collect?
    1. You may access certain areas of the Polaris Websites without providing any information to Polaris. Polaris may, however, collect non-personal information about you, as described in Section 5, "Cookies."
    2. In order to become a registered user of the Polaris Websites, you will need to provide information as part of the registration process, including your name, address, telephone number, birth date, and email address. If you choose to purchase any products or use services offered on the Polaris Websites, Polaris may ask you to provide your name, mailing address, telephone number and email address, as well as certain financial information (e.g., credit card number) for the purposes of credit checks, payment and processing of any order; see Section 4.2.
    3. From time to time Polaris may include surveys, information requests or other features on the Polaris Websites which ask you to provide personal information such as your name, telephone number, email address or mailing address. Any information you may provide will be used by Polaris to allow you to participate in the particular feature being offered. Polaris may also retain any information you provide in order to send you information about Polaris’ products and services that may be of interest to you. Polaris will provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving such communications; see Section 3.2, "Receiving Communications; Opt-Out."
    4. From time to time, Polaris may offer sweepstakes, games and other contests on the Polaris Websites either by itself or in conjunction with a third party partner. You may be asked to provide your name, mailing address and/or email address and date of birth, as well as certain other information on an optional basis (e.g., your gender, annual household income or other types of vehicles that you have purchased), in order to participate in such sweepstakes or contest. This information may also be used by Polaris or its third party partner to send you information about Polaris’ or such third party partner’s products and services in the form of an email or regular mail communication or a telephone call. Polaris will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of receiving such communications from Polaris each time you receive such a communication; see Section 3.2, "Receiving Communications; Opt-Out." However, Polaris does not control, and shall not be responsible for, the privacy policies or practices of its third party partners; see Section 4.1, "Disclosure of Your Information." If you no longer wish to receive such communications from any third party partner of Polaris in a sweepstakes or other contest that you may enter, you will need to contact such third party partner directly; see Section 3.2; "Receiving Communications; Opt-Out."
    5. Third parties may offer products and services on the Polaris Websites and collect information about you by requesting certain information necessary to provide a particular product or service (including, for example, insurance coverage for your Polaris products or reports of insurance claims). Polaris may also obtain certain information about its users from third party customer research groups (e.g., demographic information) which Polaris uses to learn more about its customers. Polaris does not control the policies and practices of third parties in relation to the use and disclosure of any information about users collected by third parties on the Polaris Websites or in market research programs conducted by such third parties and any use or disclosure of such information by third parties is not governed by this Privacy Policy.
  3. Receiving Communications; Opt-Out
    1. Polaris provides you with the opportunity to receive information by email, regular mail or telephone calls from Polaris, or third parties which may be of interest to you, including information relating to new products and services offered on the Polaris Website by Polaris, or other third parties.
    2. If you do not want to receive any information by email, regular mail or telephone calls, you may opt-out of further communications provided by Polaris at any time by: (i) sending Polaris an email at postoffice@polarisind.com; or (ii) writing to Polaris at Polaris Industries, Inc., 2100 Hwy 55, Medina MN 55340, Attention: Webmaster. Please note that Polaris can only comply with requests relating to email, regular mail or telephone communications provided by Polaris. If you no longer wish to receive further information by email, regular mail or telephone from any third party, you will need to contact such third party directly to opt-out of further communications being provided to you.
  4. Disclosure of Your Information
    1. Polaris may disclose information, including personal information provided by users to Polaris, to third parties who provide services on or to the Polaris Websites. Polaris does not control the policies or practices of third parties to which Polaris discloses information about Polaris’ users and any use or disclosure of such information by third parties is not governed by this Privacy Policy. Third parties may also use or disclose information you provide on any website which is linked to the Polaris Website, or which third parties may collect using cookies or similar devices on such websites, as described in Section 6, "Links."
    2. To verify your information, approve your registration as a user of the Polaris Websites, authenticate payments and process orders, Polaris may disclose certain financial and other information you provide to Polaris to third parties offering products and services for sale on the Polaris Websites, as well as to third parties that provide credit reporting, payment or order fulfillment services.
    3. You may submit information about new clubs related to Polaris products or stories and photographs for inclusion in Polaris’ online scrap book. Any information you submit to Polaris for posting on the Polaris Websites may be available to the public and may be collected and used by persons other than Polaris. You should not submit to Polaris any information that you do not want others to know. Polaris does not routinely monitor these areas of the Polaris Websites, and you submit such information to Polaris for posting only at your own risk.
    4. Polaris may disclose your information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law, a subpoena or other legal process. Polaris may also disclose such information as is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against a person or entity who may be violating any agreement to which such person or entity and Polaris are a party, or who may be causing injury to, or interfering with, other users of the Polaris Websites, or other third parties who may be harmed by such activities. In the event that Polaris, or all or part of its assets, are acquired by a third party, user information may be included in the transferred assets.
  5. Cookies
    1. Polaris uses cookies and similar devices on the Polaris Websites to track orders you may make in purchasing products on the Polaris Websites, to facilitate site-navigation and to customize the information that appears on the Polaris Websites. Polaris also uses cookies and similar devices to collect non-personal information about users of the Polaris Websites, such as a user’s IP address, the type of web browser and operating system being used and/or the pages of the website a user visits. Polaris collects this information in order to process online purchases, to monitor usage of the Polaris Websites and to improve aspects of the websites, or to allow a third party to conduct such activities on Polaris’ behalf.
    2. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to do so or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. We recommend that you do not disable your browser from accepting cookies, as it will prevent you from moving freely from page to page and from taking advantage of all of the features of Polaris Websites, including accessing secure areas of the Polaris Websites and purchasing Polaris products on the Polaris Websites.
  6. Links  
The Polaris Websites contain links to other third party websites, including websites operated by Polaris’ corporate partners, as well as club and enthusiast websites related to Polaris’ products. Polaris has no control over the content, policies or actions of these websites, even if you are offered products or services on those websites because you are a registered user of the Polaris Websites, or have purchased products or used services offered by Polaris. The use of any information you may provide to third parties on other websites, or which such parties may otherwise collect on other websites, is not governed by this Privacy Policy. You should carefully review the privacy policies of any third party websites and contact the operators of those websites if you have any questions about their use of your information. Polaris cannot be responsible for any third party, or its affiliates or agents, failing to use your information in accordance with such third party’s privacy policy, or any contractual or other legal obligations to which such third party, its affiliates or agents, may be subject.
  7. Security  
Polaris has implemented security measures to protect personal information provided by you against unauthorized access and use. Polaris also uses commercially reasonable efforts to establish secure connections with your web browser for any transactions conducted online using a credit card or other financial information you may provide to Polaris. Please be aware, however, that no data transmission over the Internet is 100% secure and any information disclosed online can potentially be collected and used by parties other than the intended recipient.
  8. Changes and Updates to Privacy Policy  
By using the Polaris Websites, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy. This policy reflects Polaris’ current business practices, and is subject to change and update. In the event of any such change or update, a revised policy will be posted on the Polaris Websites, with the last date of update noted on the bottom of the page. Please check the Polaris Websites periodically to remain informed of any changes or updates to Polaris’ privacy policies and practices. If Polaris intends to disclose personal information collected from users of the Polaris Websites to third parties in a manner that is not already outlined in this Privacy Policy, Polaris will first notify you by email, and provide an opportunity to opt-out of any such use or disclosure of such information.
  9. Changes and Access to Personal Information  
You may ask Polaris to correct, update or delete information you have provided to Polaris by: (i) sending Polaris an email at postoffice@polarisind.com; (ii) visiting the opt-out page of the Polaris Websites located at http://polarisindustries.com/optout and following the instructions on that page; or (iii) writing to Polaris at Polaris Industries, Inc., 2100 Hwy 55, Medina MN 55340, Attention: Webmaster. You should be sure to provide Polaris with any updates and changes to your personal information, including your email address. Unless otherwise required by law, Polaris will retain in its archives, and may use, any communications sent by you and/or any information you have provided to Polaris even after you cease to be a registered user of the Polaris Websites, or to otherwise use the Polaris Websites.
  10. Contact Us  
If you have any questions about Polaris’ privacy policies and practices, please feel free to contact us by email at consumer.service@polarisind.com or by writing to us at Polaris Industries Inc., 2100 Hwy 55, Medina MN 55340, Attention: Webmaster.



December 2002
