> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the politicshome.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110525215247id_/http%3A//www.politicshome.com/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

[Back to PoliticsHome](https://web.archive.org/uk/front_page.html)

## Privacy Policy

PoliticsHome is owned and operated by PoliticsHome Ltd whose registered office is at 17 Marina Court, Hull, HU1 1TJ and registered number is 06818606. PoliticsHome Ltd take the privacy of its registered users very seriously, and is registered with the Information Commissioner at registration number PZ2108499. We are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our users while carrying out valuable research. This Privacy Policy statement explains the data processing practices of Politics Home. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any queries with regard to these practices please contact [info@politicshome.com](mailto:info@politicshome.com)

Our site contains links to third party sites which are not subject to this privacy policy. We recommend that you read the privacy policy of any such sites that you visit.

## Information Collected

Personal information is collected by PoliticsHome Ltd in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. We collect personally identifiable information about you (your "Data") through:

  * the use of enquiry and registration forms
  * surveys and opinion polls, by email or on the website



The elements of your Data that we collect may include:

  * Name
  * Professional details
  * E-mail address
  * Gender
  * Date of birth
  * Party ID
  * Market research data such as readership patterns.
  * Opinion research information on political and other trends



## Use and Disclosure of Personal Information

We use your Data for opinion research purposes. This includes providing weighted results to show opinions within specific industries or demographics, but is never personal: your personal opinions are closely protected and not shared with anyone at an individual level.

We also use information in aggregate form (so that no individual user is identified):

  * to build up marketing profiles
  * to aid strategic development
  * to manage our relationship with advertisers
  * to audit usage of the site.



## Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Devices

We use cookies to help personalise your use of our sites. A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to your computer's hard drive by the web server so that the website can remember who you are. This information may include information relating to your use of our sites, information about your computer such as the computer's IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at our site via a link from third party site, the URL of the linking page. If you are a registered user or subscriber this may include your name and email address , which may be transferred to data processors for registered user or subscriber verification purposes.

We use information from cookies for purposes which may include:

  * identifying returning users, registrants and subscribers and to allow subscribers to be presented with a personalised version of the site
  * eliminating the need for returning users to re-enter their login details
  * enabling you to move more easily around our site
  * tracking your use of our site to better develop our sites in accordance with your requirements
  * building up a demographic profile



You can delete cookies from your hard drive at any time however this will mean that any settings such as your stored username and password will have to be reset. You can set your internet browser so that it will not allow cookies to be stored on your computer. This may reduce functionality of the site, prevent access to subscriber-only areas of the site and mean that certain features or content will not be available to you. Further information on how to prevent cookies from being stored on your computer can be found on [ http://www.allaboutcookies.org ](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/)under the "manage cookies" section. Alternatively go to the help menu within your internet browser.

From time to time we may permit 3rd party companies to set cookies on PoliticsHome Ltd sites for purposes which may include market research, serving advertisements, revenue tracking or to improve functionality of the site.

Some Doughty Media websites use web analytics services through either WebTrends, Google Analytics provided by Google, Inc. or 24/7 Real Media (our Web Analytic Service Providers). Our Web Analytic Service Providers use cookies to help us to analyse how users use PoliticsHome Ltd. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our sites (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored on servers in the United Kingdom and United States. They will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our sites, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. They may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on their behalf. They will not associate your IP address with any other data they hold . You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of PoliticsHome Ltd. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by our Web Analytic Service Providers in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

## Use and Disclosure of Financial Information

PoliticsHome at no stage keeps a record of the credit card or other financial information of its subscribers. The payment system is entirely operated by PayPal, a secure third party payment system, and PoliticsHome never has a copy of any financial information.

## Security Policy

PoliticsHome Ltd companies have appropriate measures in place to ensure that our users' Data is protected against unauthorised access or use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss. User Data may be transferred outside the PoliticsHome Ltd to data processors such as fulfillment houses but they will act only on our instructions to provide the services required.

## Transfer of Data

The Internet is a global environment. Using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing the PoliticsHome Ltd Sites and communicating electronically with us you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way. By agreeing to our transfer of your Data to third party organisations for them to send you details of products and services offered (as detailed above) you are deemed to provide your consent to any transfer of your Data to organisations based outside the European Economic Area.

## User Access and Control of Data

If you wish to amend any of the Data which we hold about you, or update your marketing preferences, please contact [info@politicshome.com ](mailto:info@politicshome.com) or visit the “Contact Us” section of our website.

In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, you may request a copy of the personal information we hold about you by contacting the Privacy Officer by e-mail at [info@politicshome.com](mailto:info@politicshome.com) or writing to:

  * Company Secretary
  * PoliticsHome Ltd 
  * 17 Marina Court
  * Hull HU1 1TJ 
  * United Kingdom



We may charge the statutory allowable fee for provision of this information.

## Children Under 14

We do not intentionally collect any information on children under 14 years of age. We will undertake to delete any details of such users where a parent or guardian has notified us that any such details have been obtained.

## Changes to this Policy

This policy is effective February 2009. From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy statement to reflect any changes to our privacy practices in accordance with changes to legislation, best practice or website enhancements.
