> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the polk.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060622090354id_/http%3A//www.polk.edu/Policy/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting Polk Community College. Your privacy is very important to us. Simply stated, our policy is to collect no personal information about you when you visit Polk Community College's website, unless you affirmatively choose to make such information available to us.

When you visit the PCC website, the Web server automatically recognizes only the Internet domain and IP address from which you accessed the site. This information does not result in the identification of your personal e-mail address or other personal information.

In addition, information is only gathered regarding the volume and timing of access to the site by collecting information on the date, time and pages you visited while at the site. In addition, we collect aggregate information about web browser software versions and technical capabilities such as screen resolution. This is done so that the content of the site can be improved. This information is not shared with other organizations. Again, only aggregate information is collected, and your personal information is not identified.

If you choose to share personal information, such as by subscribing to an e-newsletter, sending a message, or filling out an electronic form with personal information, the information will only be used for the purposes you authorized. Some of this information may be saved for a designated period of time in order to comply with the state of Florida's archiving policies. However, information will not be disclosed to third parties or other government agencies, unless required by state or federal law. If information is required by law to be disclosed about you, then every effort to notify you about the disclosure in advance will be taken. If you have other questions about Polk Community College privacy policies, or have suggestions on how these policies can be improved, please feel free to e-mail us at [ webmaster@polk.edu](mailto:webmaster@polk.edu) or contact us by telephone at (863.297.1000). 
