> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pollstar.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021230173817id_/http%3A//www.pollstar.com/policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# POLLSTAR - The Concert Hotwire: [Privacy Policy]

|    
POLLSTAR-The Concert Hotwire has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our company's firm commitment to the privacy of our visitors. (Visitors are also referred to as "users" interchangeably in this policy.) The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices formusicdownloads.com and pollstar.com (both of which are referred to collectively as "our site" in this policy). 

**Information Automatically Logged:** We utilize the IP address of our visitors to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. The IP address is employed to help identify the user and the user's shopping cart and to gather broad demographic information. Cookies: Our site uses cookies to keep track of a user's shopping cart and to enable us to deliver content specific to the user's interests. Registration Forms: Our site's registration form asks visitors to provide contact information (like their name and email address) and demographic information (like their zip code and age).We use contact information gathered from the registration form to send the visitor information about our company and about selected partners. The visitor's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary and may be shared with other companies who want to contact the visitor. Visitors may opt-out of receiving future mailings (see the "choice/opt-out" section below). Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor the user's experience at our site, showing them content that we think will interest them and displaying the content according to their preferences. This information may be shared with advertisers on an aggregate basis. 

**Order Forms:** Our site uses an order form to allow visitors to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor contact information (like their email address) and demographic information (like their zip code and age). Contact information from the order form is used to send the visitor information about our company and about selected partners. The visitor's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary and may be shared with other companies for the purposes of contacting our visitors. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings(see the "choice/opt-out" section below). 

**Surveys:** Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like their email address)and demographic information (like their zip code and age). We use contact data from our surveys to send the user information about our company and about selected partners. The visitor's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary and may be shared with other companies for the purposes of contacting our visitors. Contents: We run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like their email address) and demographic information (like their zip code and age). We use contact data from our contests to send the user information about our company and about selected partners. The visitor's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary and may be shared with other companies for the purposes of contacting our visitors. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings (see the "choice/opt-out" section below). External Links: This site contains links to other sites. POLLSTAR-The Concert Hotwire is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. 

**Advertisers:** We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. Some customer data may be shared with the advertising companies. Children's Guidelines: We care about children and understand that they have special privacy needs. Therefore, we have adopted the following privacy policy regarding children: 

  * We will NOT collect, use, or distribute to third parties personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent. 
  * We will NOT give the child access to unmonitored chat rooms, message boards, email acounts, or other services that would give the child the ability to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable information without prior verifiable parental consent. 
  * When verifiable parental consent is not obtained, we will only use the online contact information (such as email) to: Respond directly to the child's request on a one-time basis and not use that information to re-contact the child for other purposes. Request the name or online contact information of a parent for the purpose of obtaining verifiable parental consent or providing parental notification. Respond more than once directly to a specific request from a child (such as in the case where a child requests a newsletter subscription) and not used to re-contact the child for other purposes. We will use our best efforts to provide parental notification, which will include the nature and intended use as well as an opportunity for the parent to prevent the use of the information and participation in the activity. 
  * We will NOT entice the child to divulge more information than is needed to participate in any activity, game, or service. 
  * We will provide the parent a description of the specific types of a personally identifiable information collected from their child upon request. We will allow the parent to refuse further use or future online collection of personally identifiable information and provide a way for a parent to obtain any personally identifiable information collected from their child. We will provide notice to children in age appropriate terms of what personally identifiable information is to be collected. 
  * We will NOT provide any links to Web sites that are unsuitable for children. 
  * We will encourage children to get their parent's permission before sharing personal information online. Security: This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. For more information about our security measures, you may send an e-mail to security@pollstar.com. Choice/Opt-Out: Our site provides users with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor. For more information about opting-out, please send an e-mail to info@pollstar.com. Correct/Update: This site gives users the option of changing and modifying information previously provided. If you have questions about correcting and updating your information, please send an e-mail to [info@pollstar.com](mailto:info@pollstar.com). Contacting the Web Site: If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: [webmaster@pollstar.com](mailto:webmaster@pollstar.com)


