> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ehmtheblueline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-10-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191012002547id_/https%3A//www.ehmtheblueline.com/site/about/privacy-notice) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Notice - The Blue Line

## Introduction

This is the Privacy Policy/Notice for The Blue Line, accessible from: <https://www.ehmtheblueline.com/site/privacy-notice/>

The Blue Line (the “ **site** “, “ **we** “, “ **us** “) is a hobby-site/fan-site created and run by volunteers in our spare time. We do not have adverts and there is zero income or revenue generated by the site. Consequently the cost of the domain and the server are paid for by us using our own cash. Despite our limited resources, we do take our users’ privacy and data security seriously.

Under the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (“ **GDPR** “) anybody that controls or processes personal information must make their data subjects aware of certain matters by publishing a privacy notice.  As our resources are minimal, we do not have access any lawyer specialising in European Union data protection law. We have prepared this privacy notice using guidance from public sources. If anybody feels that we have missed something in this notice or anything is unclear then please do contact us using the contact details set out below.

## Who we are

We are The Blue Line and our website address is: [https://www.ehmtheblueline.com](https://www.ehmtheblueline.com/).

Our website is hosted with 1&1 Internet Ltd in the United Kingdom.

## What personal data we collect and how we use it

### Registered Users

There are two types of personal data we collect from persons who register with our forum (each a “ **User** “):

  1. Mandatory Data: Username, email address, password user-agent and IP addresses; and
  2. Optional Data: All other profile data such as date of birth, location and interests.



In order to post messages in our forum you must register an account as a User. Your email address and password are necessary in order to log-in to your account. Your email address is also used in the event you need to reset your password; in such circumstances a link will be emailed to your specified email address in order to allow your password to be reset.

We use your username, email address and IP address in order to regulate access to our forums and to allow you to post messages. As with all web forums, we are a target for spammers who register accounts with forums in order to post adverts/spam. We block such spammers by blocking their email address and IP address in order to prevent them re-registering with our forum. We will similarly block a User by username, email address and IP address where a User violates our forum rules. Such bans may be for a fixed term or permanent.

Optional Data is provided entirely at the option of a User. Such Optional Data will be displayed on your user profile screen, the members list and below your avatar when you make a post. You can add or remove Optional Data at any time by editing the settings via the [User Control Panel](https://www.ehmtheblueline.com/forums/ucp.php). Adding or removing Optional Data is instantaneous. When you remove any of your Optional Data it is permanently deleted.

We use cookies in order to allow you to log-in to our forums. Cookies also allow us to show you which threads and posts are unread. Please see our Cookies Policy for further details: <https://www.ehmtheblueline.com/site/about/cookies-policy/>

We  **do** **not** use any of your data for marketing purposes.

### Unregistered Users

We track IP addresses and cookies in order to keep track of the number times a forum or thread is visited. The IP address is only stored for as long as your session visiting the site. When you navigate away from the site, your IP address is deleted from our forum sessions data within approximately 15 minutes of your last visit to a page on our site.

Please see our Cookies Policy for further details: <https://www.ehmtheblueline.com/site/about/cookies-policy/>

## How we store and secure information we collect

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online (such as Secure Sockets Layer).

While we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that data, during transmission through the Internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others.

## Sharing your personal data with others

We  **do not** share any of your data with any third parties. Only the our site administrators have access to the site’s database.

## Your rights

Your principal rights under GDPR are:

  1. right to access;
  2. right to rectification;
  3. right to erasure;
  4. right to restrict processing;
  5. right to object to processing;
  6. right to data portability;
  7. right to complain to a supervisory authority; and
  8. right to withdraw consent.



Please contact us using the contact details below should you wish to exercise any of your rights.

## Changes to this Privacy Notice

This privacy notice was last updated on 19 May 2018. Any changes to this privacy notice will be communicated to all users via our forum’s private messaging system.

## Contact Us

You may contact us via either of the following addresses: [webmaster@ehmtheblueline.com](mailto:webmaster@ehmtheblueline.com) or [ehmtheblueline@gmail.com](mailto:ehmtheblueline@gmail.com)
