> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the oswego.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170227003744id_/https%3A//www.oswego.edu/about/about-site/internet-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Internet privacy policy | SUNY Oswego

**Oswego.edu's commitment to privacy**  
At the State University of New York at Oswego (SUNY Oswego), we are committed to protecting your privacy and making it easier and more efficient for people to interact with SUNY Oswego. We recognize that it is critical for individuals to be confident that their privacy is protected when they visit oswego.edu. You can travel through most of oswego.edu without giving us any information about yourself. Sometimes we do need information to provide services that you request, and this commitment of privacy explains our online information practices.

SUNY Oswego does not collect any  _personal information_  about you unless you provide that information voluntarily by sending e-mail or completing a form on the site.

This policy is consistent with the provisions of the [Internet Security and Privacy Act ](http://www.oft.state.ny.us/Policy/PolGenPrivacy.htm "New York State Internet Security & Privacy Policy"), the [Freedom of Information Law](http://www.oft.state.ny.us/Policy/FOILRegs.htm "New York State Freedom of Information Law Regulations") and the [Personal Privacy Protection Law](http://www.oft.state.ny.us/Policy/PersPrivacyRegs.htm "New York State Personal Privacy Protection Regulations").

 **Information collected automatically when you visit oswego.edu  **  
When visiting oswego.edu, SUNY Oswego automatically collects and stores the following information about your visit:

  * The Internet Protocol address of the computer that accessed our website
  * The type of browser, its version and the operating system on which that browser is running
  * The web page requested by the  _user_
  * The web page from which the  _user_  accessed the current web page
  * The date and time of the  _user_ 's request
  * The pages that were visited and the amount of time spent at each page



None of the above-mentioned information is deemed to constitute  _Personal information_  by the [Internet Security and Privacy Act](http://www.oft.state.ny.us/Policy/PolGenPrivacy.htm "New York State Internet Security & Privacy Policy"). The information that is collected automatically is used to improve oswego.edu's content and to help SUNY Oswego understand how  _user_ s are interacting with its website. This information is collected for statistical analysis and to determine what information is of most and least interest to our  _user_ s. The information is not collected for commercial marketing purposes and SUNY Oswego is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose the information collected from oswego.edu for commercial marketing purposes.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.  Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

 **Information collected when you email oswego.edu or complete a transaction**  
During your visit to oswego.edu you may send an email to a SUNY Oswego account. Your email address and the contents of your message will be collected. The information collected is not limited to text characters and may include audio, video, and graphic information formats included in the message. Your email address and the information included in your message will be used to respond to you, to address issues you identify, or to improve this Web site. Your email address is not collected for commercial purposes and SUNY Oswego is not authorized to sell or otherwise disclose your email address for commercial purposes.

During your visit to oswego.edu you may complete a transaction such as completing a form on the site. The information collected by SUNY Oswego, including  _personal information_  volunteered by you in completing the transaction, is used by SUNY Oswego and may be disclosed by SUNY Oswego for those purposes that may be reasonably ascertained from the nature and terms of the transaction in which the information was submitted.

SUNY Oswego does not knowingly collect  _personal information_  from children under the age of 13 or create profiles of children under the age of 13.  _User_ s are cautioned, however, that the collection of _personal information_  submitted in an e-mail will be treated as though it was submitted by an adult, and may, unless exempted from access by federal or state law, be subject to public access.

 **Disclosure of information collected through this website  
** The collection of information through oswego.edu and the disclosure of that information are subject to the provisions of the [Internet Security and Privacy Act](http://www.oft.state.ny.us/Policy/PolGenPrivacy.htm "New York State Internet Security & Privacy Policy"). SUNY Oswego will only collect _personal information_  through oswego.edu or disclose  _personal information_  collected through oswego.edu if the  _user_  has consented to the collection or disclosure of such  _personal information_. The voluntary disclosure of  _personal information_  to SUNY Oswego by the  _User_  constitutes consent to the collection and disclosure of the information by SUNY Oswego for the purposes for which the  _user_  disclosed the information to SUNY Oswego.

However, SUNY Oswego may collect or disclose  _personal information_  without consent if the collection or disclosure is: (1) necessary to perform the statutory duties of SUNY Oswego, or necessary for SUNY Oswego to operate a program authorized by law, or authorized by state or federal statute or regulation; (2) made pursuant to a court order or by law; (3) for the purpose of validating the identity of the  _user_ ; or (4) of information to be used solely for statistical purposes that is in a form that cannot be used to identify any particular person.

Further, the disclosure of information, including  _personal information_ , collected through oswego.edu is subject to the provisions of the [Freedom of Information Law](http://www.oft.state.ny.us/Policy/FOILRegs.htm "New York State Freedom of Information Law Regulations") and the [Personal Privacy Protection Law](http://www.oft.state.ny.us/Policy/PersPrivacyRegs.htm "New York State Personal Privacy Protection Regulations"). SUNY Oswego may disclose  _personal information_  to federal or state law enforcement authorities to enforce its rights against unauthorized access or attempted unauthorized access to SUNY Oswego's information technology assets.

 **Retention of information collected through this website  
** The information collected through oswego.edu is retained by SUNY Oswego in accordance with the records retention and disposition requirements of the [New York State Arts & Cultural Affairs Law](http://www.archives.nysed.gov/a/records/mr_laws_state.shtml "Art and Cultural Affairs Law"). Information on the requirements of the [Arts & Cultural Affairs Law](http://www.archives.nysed.gov/a/nysaservices/ns_mgr_laws_acal5705.shtml) may be found at <http://www.archives.nysed.gov/a/records/mr_laws_acal5705.shtml>. In general, the Internet services logs of SUNY Oswego, comprising electronic files or automated logs created to monitor access and use of agency services provided through oswego.edu, are retained for eight weeks and then destroyed. Information concerning these records retention and disposition schedules may be obtained through the Internet privacy policy contact listed in this policy.

 **Access to and correction of _personal information_  collected through oswego.edu  
**Any  _user_  may submit a request to SUNY Oswego's privacy compliance officer to determine whether  _personal information_  pertaining to that  _user_  has been collected through oswego.edu. Any such request shall be made in writing and must be accompanied by reasonable proof of identity of the  _user_. Reasonable proof of identity may include verification of a signature, inclusion of an identifier generally known only to the  _user_ , or similar appropriate identification. The address of the privacy compliance officer is:

Privacy Compliance Officer  
State University of New York at Oswego  
Culkin Hall  
Oswego, New York 13126

The privacy compliance officer shall, within five (5) business days of the receipt of a proper request, provide access to the  _personal information_ ; deny access in writing, explaining the reasons therefore; or acknowledge the receipt of the request in writing, stating the approximate date when the request will be granted or denied, which date shall not be more than 30 days from the date of the acknowledgment.

In the event that SUNY Oswego has collected  _personal information_  pertaining to a  _user_  through oswego.edu and that information is to be provided to the  _user_  pursuant to the  _user_ 's request, the privacy compliance officer shall inform the  _user_  of his or her right to request that the  _personal information_  be amended or corrected under the procedures set forth in [Section 95 of the Public Officers Law](http://www.tenant.net/Other_Laws/Pubofc/pubofc08.html).

 **Confidentiality and integrity of   _personal information_  collected through oswego.edu  
**SUNY Oswego is strongly committed to protecting  _personal information_  collected through oswego.edu against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Consequently, SUNY Oswego limits employee access to  _personal information_  collected through oswego.edu to only those employees who need access to the information in the performance of their official duties. Employees who have access to this information follow appropriate procedures in connection with any disclosures of  _personal information_.

In addition, SUNY Oswego has implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of its information technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication, authorization, monitoring, auditing, and encryption. These security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of oswego.edu as part of our continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information.

For website security purposes and to maintain the availability of oswego.edu for all  _user_ s, SUNY Oswego employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage oswego.edu.

 **Cookies  
** Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by the  _user_ 's browser on the hard drive of your computer. Some areas of the oswego.edu domain may use cookies to enhance or customize your visit to the site. A session cookie is erased during operation of your browser or when your browser is closed. Other cookies can be stored on your computer's hard drive and will allow the website to recognize you when you visit again and tailor the information presented to you based on your needs and interests. This type of cookie is used only with your permission.

 **Disclaimer  
** The information provided in this privacy policy should not be construed as giving business, legal, or other advice, or warranting as fail proof, the security of information provided through oswego.edu.

 **Contact information    
**For questions regarding this Internet privacy policy, please contact our privacy officer at:

Privacy Compliance Officer  
State University of New York at Oswego  
Culkin Hall  
Oswego, New York 13126

 **Definitions  
** The following definitions apply to, and appear in italics, in this policy:

 _Personal information_ : For purposes of this policy, " _personal information_ " means any information concerning a natural person that, because of name, number, symbol, mark, or other identifier, can be used to identify that natural person.

 _User_ : shall have the meaning set forth in Subdivision 8 of Section 202 of the State Technology Law.
