> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the oldchicago.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130420164419id_/http%3A//oldchicago.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Old Chicago

CraftWorks Restaurants & Breweries, Inc., is very sensitive to the privacy concerns of the visitors to our site on the Internet. As a general policy, no personal information is automatically collected from visitors to the site. However, certain non-personal information of visitors is recorded by the standard operation of CraftWorks Restaurants & Breweries, Inc., Internet servers. This information is primarily used to provide an enhanced online experience for the visitor. Information tracked includes the type of operating system in use and the type of browser being used by the visitor. Other uses of this information include internal review of the number of visitors to the site but only in an aggregate and non-personally-identifiable form. E-mail addresses and other personally identifiable data about visitors to this site are known only when voluntarily submitted. Personally identifiable information that may be collected in connection with visitors is retained by CraftWorks Restaurants & Breweries, Inc., and is not sold or otherwise transferred outside the company. This information is collected to help us better understand visitors’ use of our site. To the extent that any of the sites accessible through CraftWorks Restaurants & Breweries, Inc., Web Site have different practices, these practices will be explained at that site.
