> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the oldje.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190515113950id_/http%3A//www.classmedia.com/public/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Class Media Productions

Document Updated: May 25, 2018

We are processing personal data only in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**What kind of information do you collect?**  
We collect information about what part of our website use use and how you use it. Like when you watch a video on the Website, navigate on a page from our Website. This information includes:  


\- Device information. We collect device specific information (including ip address), access dates and times, hardware and software information, device information, cookie data.

\- Geo-location Information. When you use certain features of the Website, we may collect information about your approximate location as determined through data such as your IP address.

\- Usage Information. We collect information about your interactions with the Website such as the content you view, your searches queries and other actions on the Website.

\- Cookies and Similar Technologies. We use cookies and other similar technologies, such as web beacons, pixels, and mobile identifiers.

\- If you contact us we will keep a record of our e-mail communication ( what you write to us and what we write to you ). This record will be used only by us internaly in order to identify our communication and will NEVER be shared with anyone nor will it be used for other purpuses other than communicating with you. You can request us to delete the conversation at any time. Electronic mail passes through multiple mail servers from source to destination on the Internet. One can never be guaranteed privacy from every possible mail server; therefore, customers seeking total privacy should use some encryption methods. If you do not agree with this please do not contact us by e-mail.

If you sign up as a paying member to our website, you will be asked by our payment processor different personal information including Address, Town, your full name, Payment details. These details are collected by the payment processor in order to be able to process your payment. During the signup process please fully read the privacy policy displayed on that page that is in reference to your specific upcoming transaction. If you do not agree with our (this) privacy policy or our payment processor's privacy policy please do not continue to use our website or services and do not continue the signup.

In addition, we use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as "Google"), using third-party cookies that enable Google to analyze the use of the Website. The information generated by the cookie about the use of this website is transferred to a Google server in North America.

Google will use this information on our behalf to evaluate the use of the Website, to compile reports for activities on the Website, and to provide other services to us relating to the Website.

Google Analytics operates under the following terms:

Terms of Service: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html

Privacy Statement: http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/learn/privacy.html

Privacy Policy: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy

The information collected by us using Google analytics will not be shared or sold to anyone. We never did.

**Who sees my information and how is it used?**  
We do not share your information with our members, vendors, sponsors or others. We never did.

**How secure is my information?**  
We take every reasonable precautions to maintain the security of any information obtained from and about you. Our payment processor will provide during the "sign up" process, with a secure web page through which to submit your billing information when you join the membership portion of our web site. We maintain your personally identifiable information in a secure manner including storing such information behind firewalls.  
We recognize the importance of protecting your privacy. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, the practices of this web site or your dealings with us, please contact us at the customer service page.  
Please also note we are not responsible for the content or the privacy polices of web sites to which we may provide links or the websites of its advertisers.
