> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the weeklypenny.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191219064205id_/http%3A//weeklypenny.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Weekly Penny

## PRIVACY POLICY

[Date Effective: May 18, 2018]

WeeklyPenny.com (“Company” “we” or “our”) is owned and operated by Media Force, Ltd. We are committed to advising you of the right to your privacy and strive to provide a safe and secure user experience. This Privacy Statement explains how we collect, store, share and use personal information, provided by you on WeeklyPenny.com (“Website”). It also explains how we collect and use non-personal information. Please remember that if you navigate to a website through our Website, our policy will no longer be in effect that that websites policy will take effect. This includes our advertisers and vendors who may contact you directly. These advertisers include the insurance company which you have asked to contact you or a vendor who has additional products and services to offer you.

By accessing and using our Website, you explicitly accept, without limitation or qualification, the collection, use and transfer of the personal information and non-personal information in the manner described in this Privacy Statement. Please read this Privacy Statement carefully, as it affects your rights and liabilities under the law. If you disagree with the way we collect and process personal and non-personal information, please do not use this Website.

Our Services are operated in the United States. If you are located in the European Union, Canada or elsewhere outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States. By using our Services or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.

If you have any questions, please feel free to Contact Us in the manner set forth below.

### 1\. Information You Provide and We Collect.

**a. “Personal information.”** We collect personal information that can identify you as an individual. Such information may include your name, address, telephone number, mobile number, credit or debit card number, social security or driver’s license number.

**b. “Demographic information”** We also collect information that by itself cannot identify you as it not unique to you. This includes, but is not limited to, zip code, mobile phone carrier, age, gender, salary range, education and marital status, occupation, industry of employment, personal and online interests. Although this information is not Personal Information it may be linked to Personal Information through the use of a cryptographic hash of an email address. In such a case, your identity is not specifically provided.

**c. “Behavioral information”** We automatically collect information as to how you use our website, the areas of our website that you visit, what services you access, and information about your computer hardware and software, including your IP address, geographic location, browser preference, operating system type, domain names, times that you access the internet, and other websites you have visited.

**d. “Third party information”** A third party may provide us information about you including personal, demographic, behavioral and indirect information. This collection may include, but is not limited to, first party cookies, third party cookies, anonymous cookies, persistent identifiers, email opt in and search engine keywords. We have no access or control over these cookies and other tracking devices used by third party advertisers and networks. We have no responsibility or liability for the policies and practices of these parties.

**e. No Information Collected from Children.** We will never knowingly collect any Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we obtain actual knowledge that we have collected Personal Information about a child under the age of 13, that information will be immediately deleted from its database. Because it does not collect such information, we have no such information to use or to disclose to third parties.

**f. No Sensitive Health Information is Collected.** We do not collect information about past, present or potential future medical conditions or treatments.

### 2\. How We Collect Personal Information.

**a. Registration on Our Website.** We collect Personal Information from you when you register on our website or when you contact us directly for information or request services directly from us. Third parties may also provide us Personal Information you provided to them.

**b. Social Media.** Social Media Platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn or Google may also provide us with Personal Information. Social Media registration features may collect basic account information such as name, age, photo and other details you choose to share according to your social media account settings. Social Media features and widgets are hosted by a third party or may be hosted by us. You can unlink your Social Media accounts or control what they share from their privacy controls in the dashboard. We may associate the Personal Information you provided with Personal Information from third party sources.

### 3\. Information Collected Through Automated Technology.

**a. General Collection.** We as well as our third party service vendors and supporting advertisers may automatically collect information from you. We use technologies such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, local storage and similar mechanism to automatically collect information when you visit and use our Website. These technologies collect internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. This information is used to analyze trends, administer our Website, track a user’s movements through our Website and gather demographic information about our entire user base. We also use these tools to measure the effectiveness of email communications and other marketing tools and to pay service vendors. We may prepare or receive reports based on these technologies on an individual or aggregated basis including the links to cookies to Personal Information you have provided us.

**b. Third Party Collection.** We allow third-party companies to use cookies, pixels or other similar technologies on our website to collect and use demographic and behavioral information. This includes hashed data, click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over, content viewed, search terms, location of the device, a cookie identifier, communication type and browser information. These third parties include advertisers, service providers, affiliate-marketing networks and other companies with whom we partner to provide certain offers, promotions or features available on or through our website, or to display advertising on our or a third party website. Such third parties may use cookies to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you, to track transactions and to assist us in providing, evaluating, and improving our website, products and services. Further, third parties may use information they directly collect from you in combination with information we provide or information they collect from another source. We do not have access to or control of the third-party tracking technology.

**c. Google Analytics and Adsense.** We also use Google Analytics which is an analysis service also provided by Google Inc. Google utilizes the data collected through its cookies to track and examine the use of this website, to prepare reports on its activities, and to share them with other Google services. You may opt-out of the Google Analytics service using Google’s Browser Add-available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website or other websites. Finally we use Google AdSense service whose use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your visit to our or other websites on the Internet. You may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Ads Settings. (Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info.)

**d. Management and Removal of Cookies.** If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to decline the use of cookies. To learn more about cookies, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level, but if you choose to disable cookies, it may limit your use of certain features or functions on our website or service. To manage Flash cookies, please click here: http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html. You can opt out of some of our vendors' use of cookies and other technologies, or to tailor personalized content or advertising to you by visiting http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/, http://assets.invitemedia.com/opt-out.html and http://www.clicktale.net/disable.html. Please know that if you delete all cookies, the opt-out cookie may be deleted and you will need to perform the opt out again. For more information, see http://www.networkadvertising.org/faq#question_11. Please note that opting out of targeted/ personalized advertising does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads. At this time we do not respond to browser do not track signals.

**e. IP ADDRESSES.** Your “IP Address” is a number that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your Internet Service Provider (ISP). Your IP Address is identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit our Website. At the same time we log the time of the visit and pages you viewed. Collecting IP Addresses is standard practice on the Internet and is done automatically by many websites. We use IP Addresses to calculating the number of unique visits to our Website, to diagnose Website or server problems, mapping and other administrative functions. We may use and disclose IP Addresses for the same purposes for which we use and disclose Personal Information.

### 4\. How We Use Information Collected.

**a. Providing Services and Products.** We use the information we gather on our website to provide you with the services and or products you have requested. This may include passing your information on to a third party to provide such services or products. We do not control the privacy practices of these third parties. If you have any questions or wish to remove your information from the third party databases, you will need to contact that party directly. When you’ve submitted your Personal Information to us, with such submission you have understood and agreed to allow us and all identified third parties to contact you or allow our vendors to contact you via telephone for a limited period even if the telephone number you submitted appears on any state and/or federal Do Not Call list, because your inquiry serves as an exception to state and/or federal Do Not Call laws.

**b. Improving Our Website.** We use the information we gather to respond to any inquires you make, operate and improve the functionality of our website, and deliver the products and services advertised on our website. Our services include the display of personalized products, content, and advertising, relating to your experience and interests. In addition, we use this information to comply with all legal obligations and resolve any disputes or concerns you may have.

**c. Marketing.** We also use the information you provide to us to send you advertisements, promotions and content by third parties that we think will be of interest to you. To provide this service we may anonymize and aggregate information for different purposes which include traffic flow, analysis usage, product development, market analysis, reports and other insights.

### 5\. Disclosure of Information to Others.

a. We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Statement.

**(i) Product and Service Delivery.** We share your information with third party service providers who provide services such as contact information verification, payment processing, order fulfillment, customer service, website hosting, data analysis, infrastructure provision, IT services, email delivery services, auditing services and other similar services to enable them to provide services. This may include third party credit bureaus to verify you identity and obtain a credit report or score. When you seek insurance quotes, to the appropriate Department of Motor Vehicles to verify your driving record, previous claims history, vehicles and VIN.

**(ii) Website Functionality.** We share your information with companies and individuals we employ to perform technical functions on our behalf. Examples include third parties who host our website, analyze our data, provide marketing assistance, process credit card payments, and provide customer service.

**(iii) Third Party Products and Services.** We share your information with third parties who will provide you with their opportunities, products or services. This includes your personal and non-personal information, and includes your interests and preferences, so they may determine whether you might be interested in their products or services.

**(iv) Anonymous information.** We share aggregated anonymous information about you, combined with other persons using our website with third parties, so that they can understand the kinds of visitors that come to our website, and how those visitors use our website. This includes demographic information and behavioral information.

**(v) Legal Process.** We disclose your information if legally required to do so, or at our discretion, pursuant to a request from a governmental entity, or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect our rights or property, or our affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public.

**(vi) Acquisition or Merger.** We may disclose and transfer your information to a third party who acquires any or all of our business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In the event we become the subject of an insolvency proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, we or our liquidator, administrator, receiver or administrative receiver may sell, license or otherwise dispose of, such information in a transaction approved by the court.

### 6\. Third Party Collection and Use of Information.

**a. Advertisers.** This Privacy Statement does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy, information or other practices of any third party websites that are linked to from this Website. The inclusion of a link on this Website does not imply endorsement of the linked websites by us or by our affiliates. If you submit personal information to any of those third party Websites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of all websites you visit. We may utilize framing techniques that may make it appear that you are still on our Website when you are actually on a third party web site. Please be aware that you are providing your personal information to these third parties and not to us.

The following collection and use is undertaken by third parties:

**(i) Advertisers.** Advertising agencies, advertising networks, and other companies who place ads on our website, may use their own cookies, Web beacons, and other technology, to collect information about you. We do not control the use of such technology and have no responsibility for the use of such technology to gather information about you.

**(ii) Hyperlinks.** Our Website and email messages sometimes contain hypertext links to Websites owned by third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites. These links are provided for your convenience and reference only. We do not operate or control any information, software, products or services, available on these third party websites. The inclusion of a link on our Website does not imply any endorsement of the services, products or website, or its sponsoring organization.

**b. Vendors.** As described above, some of our service vendors use cookies, web beacons and other technologies to collect information about your online activity (e.g., the sites and pages you have visited at the Site and at times other third party sites) in order to: help manage ad campaigns, understand user interests and trends and deliver personalized content and advertising to you while you are on the Site or on other sites. We also work with vendors to operate and improve our Website. These vendors include advertisers retargeting vendors and web analytics companies, including Google Analytics.

### 7\. Security.

We endeavor to safeguard and protect your information. When you submit information on our website, such information is protected both online and offline. We have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of personal information under our control. The servers in which we store your information are kept in a secure physical environment. The servers have industry standard firewalls. Access to such servers is password protected and access by our employees is limited. Currently, we use Secure Socket Layer software ("SSL") to protect data and to secure any transactions. SSL encrypts information including credit card number(s), and names and addresses, as they are transmitted over the Internet. Please be advised that, although we take commercially reasonable technological precautions to protect your data, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure; therefore, we cannot and do not warrant that your information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data at or through our website is at your own risk. However, access to your information is strictly limited and not accessible to the public.

### 8\. Retention of Information.

We will retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement. If a longer retention period is required or allowed by law or required by contract, we will retain as long as necessary to fulfill our contractual agreement, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. If you wish to request that we no longer use your information, please follow the instructions below.

### 9\. The Choice Belongs to You.

You have choices regarding our use and disclosure of your Personal Information. Please note that we retain your Personal Information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services and for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Statement. To the extent allowed by agreement or law we will retain as necessary to resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. If you wish to request that we no longer use your information, please follow the instructions below. You may opt-out from:

**a. Receiving Emails From Us and Our Service Providers:** If you no longer want to receive marketing-related emails from us or our service providers at any time you may opt-out of receiving these marketing-related emails by clicking here and following the instructions to unsubscribe.

**b. Sharing of your Personal Information with Third Parties:** If you do not want us to share your Personal Information going-forward with unaffiliated third parties for their marketing purposes, you may opt-out by contacting us at as further explained in “How to access, change or remove Personal Information” below and request that we opt you out of any sharing of your Personal Information going-forward. Please note that if you opt-out of such sharing, we will not be able to remove your Personal Information from the databases of third parties with whom we have already shared your Personal Information (i.e., to which we have already provided your Personal Information as of the date that we implement your opt-out request). If you wish to cease receiving marketing-related e-mails from these third parties, please contact them directly or utilize any opt-out mechanisms in their privacy policies or marketing-related e-mails.

**c. How to Access, Change or Remove Personal Information.** Upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we have any of your personal information. If you would like to review, correct, update, suppress, delete or otherwise limit our use, going-forward, related to your Personal Information previously provided to us, you may do so by contacting us at privacy@mediaforce.com and provide the name of the service for which information was provided, your full name, mailing address, phone number and email address so that we may identify you in the opt-out process. For your protection, we will only implement such requests with respect to the Personal Information associated with the particular e-mail address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request.

In your request, please make clear what information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your Personal Information opted out of our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your Personal Information. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and the reasons for our inability.

### 10\. Changes to Privacy Statement.

We reserve the right to make material changes to the substance of this Privacy Statement. We will post those changes through a prominent notice on the website, so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and to whom we will disclose it. Please note the “Effective Date” at the top of this page. Any changes to this Privacy Statement will become effective when we post the updated or revised Privacy Statement on this Website. Your use of the Website following these changes means that you accept the revised Privacy Statement.

### California Resident’s Rights.

Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the personal information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year. If you are a California resident and want a copy of this information, please submit a written request to us at the address provided in the Introduction above. In your request, please specify that you want a “Your California Privacy Rights Notice.” Please allow 30 days for a response. In addition California residents have the right to know if we respond to do not track signals or cookies. We do not respond to such signals or cookies.

##### CONTACT US

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [contact@weeklypenny.com](mailto:contact@weeklypenny.com).

[weeklypenny.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20191219064205id_/http%3A//weeklypenny.com/weeklypenny.com)  
Azrieli Center 1, Building D, 7th Floor  
26 HaRokmim St. Holon 5885849. Israel. 
