> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ivans.me privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130522160734id_/http%3A//www.ivans.me/Privacy%2520Policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy & FTC Disclaimer

**Privacy Policy & FTC Disclaimer**

**Product disclosure: ivans.me is an affiliate for certain products listed on this website, and may earn commissions based on some sales referred.**

**Introduction: ivans.me (this website) is owned and operated by Blue Net Studio. We respect the privacy of our website users .This privacy policy explains how we may collect, store, use, and disclose personal information that you provide to us. By accessing and using this website you confirm your unconditional consent to us collecting, storing, using, and disclosing your personal information in the manner set out in this privacy policy.**

**Terms of use: Your use of this website is governed by our terms of use. Accordingly, this privacy policy must be read in conjunction with our terms of use.**

**Collecting your personal information: We may collect personal information from you (including email address) when you use this website. You may decide not to provide your personal information to us. However, if you do not provide it, we may not be able to provide you with access to certain information or products.**

**Automated collection: When you visit this website, we may use automated tools and methods (such as cookies, sessions, and usage monitoring software) to collect certain information about your visit, including (without limitation). This information will be used in aggregate form to analyse how this website is being used (for example: to analyse usage patterns in order to improve this website). Except as set out in this privacy policy, we will not disclose any such information except in aggregate form.**

**Cookies: This website may use cookies and sessions to provide you with certain services or functionality. Cookies and sessions may be used to identify you as an individual user of this website. We use this technology to, amongst other things. Accepting a cookie will not give us access to any data on your computer other than the data stored in the cookie. Although you may configure your web browser to not accept cookies, you may experience a loss of functionality as a result.**

**Additional collection: We may gather more extensive information if we are concerned, for example, about abnormal website usage patterns or website security breaches.**

**Use: We may use your personal information to: provide you with services and information that you have requested; provide you with important notices and information about this website and our services; provide you with other information (including promotional material, news, and event information) where you agree to receive such information; verify your identity and to assist you if you forget your username or password; improve or update this website and our products; respond to your enquiries and communicate with you; and personalise this website in accordance with your preferences.**

**Other use and disclosure: We will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to third parties. We may disclose your personal information to our professional advisors, contractors, business associates, related companies, and others who have agreed to treat your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. We will not otherwise use or disclose your personal information except: for any purpose set out in clause 6; where you have otherwise authorised us to do so; where we have given you notification of the intended use or disclosure and you have not objected to that use or disclosure; where we believe that such use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to assist a law enforcement agency or an agency responsible for national security in the performance of their functions; where we believe that such use or disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce any legal rights we may have, or is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of us, our users, or others; or as otherwiserequired or permitted by law.**

**Third party websites: This website may contain hyperlinks to websites operated by third parties. We are not responsible for the content of such websites, or the manner in which those websites collect, store, use, and distribute any personal information you provide. When you visit third party websites from hyperlinks displayed on this website, we encourage you to review the privacy statements of those websites so that you can understand how the personal information you provide may be collected, stored, used and distributed.**

**Right to access and request correction: It is important to us that the personal information we hold about you is accurate, complete and up to date. If you are aware that this is not case and would like your personal information corrected, or simply desire access to your personal information, please contact our Privacy Officer. You may request access to your personal information that we (or our contractors) hold. Where you make any such request: we may ask you to put your request in writing; in some circumstances permitted by law, we may not provide such information to you (and we may not be able to require our contractors provide such information to you); we decide not to correct or provide you with access to your personal information, we will give you our reasons for our decision; where we provide the requested information or carry out the requested correction (or where we attach to that information a statement of any correction sought but not made), we may require you to pay a reasonable fee determined by us.**

**Changes to our privacy policy: We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time by publishing the revised privacy policy on our website. If you continue to use this website or if you provide any personal information after we post changes to this privacy policy, this will deemed your conclusive acceptance of any such changes.**
