> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 9f.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021206162915id_/http%3A//www.bizhosting.com/about/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Bizhosting

|  | 

Privacy Policy Detailed Review...  


>   * Information We Gather or Track
>   * What We Do with Collected Information
>   * Who Can Use Collected Information and How
>   * Choosing to Opt-out of Information Collection
>   * Corrections & Updates to Personal Information
>   * Deleting or Deactivating Your Name from Our Database
>   * [Children's Privacy](https://web.archive.org/about/kids_privacy_policy.html)
>   * How to Contact Bizhosting
> 


> Questions regarding this statement should be directed to the Bizhosting site coordinator [webmaster@bizhosting.com](mailto:webmaster@bizhosting.com). To return to the Site, please use the "Back" button on your browser. Please be aware that this site contains links to other sites. Bizhosting is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such Web sites. 

  
Information We Gather or Track

> Information on general usage and any optional personal details you provide to us will be used to provide you with enhanced features. The following are details of the information we collect:  
> 
> 
>   * Bizhosting only collects a minimal amount of data when you become a member. Specifically we require the following fields: First Name, Last Name, Password, Email, Birth Year and Month, Company Name, Company Location, and Zip code. 
>   * Bizhosting collects data so that we may display personalized content to our visitors. Additionally, usage information may be analyzed so that we can judge our system's performance or execute your customized features. 
>   * We collect information from visitors to our member's pages. This information allows us to give our members statistics about their web sites. The information that we collect is: Date, Time, IP Address, Referrer, and Query strings. 
>   * Your browser offers so-called "cookies" which -- if you allow their use -- store small amounts of data on your computer about your visit to any of our sites. Cookies assist us in tracking which of our features you like best. Cookies can enable us to customize our content according to your preferences. However, cookies tell us nothing about you personally unless you specifically give us additional information. Cookies are required for members for authentication purposes when using the Bizhosting tools. 
>   * Surveys may ask for contact information or unique identifying information to increase the value of the results. Contests may require contact information or other demographic/personal information in order to determine your eligibility. You do not have to participate in surveys or contests. 
>   * Some of the banner ads displayed on Bizhosting are provided by outside companies. These ads may contain cookies. You may have a cookie placed on your browser by DoubleClick, which is the media company that serves our ads. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our advertisers and we do not have access to this information. Cookies in and of themselves do not contain any personally identifiable information about you. 
> 


What We Do with Collected Information

>   * From time to time we extend various offers through our partner companies. These may include news or additional details on their products and services. Your personal preferences or usage history may result in your being offered special screens or products. These offers would be sent via Bizhosting and your personal information is not shared with entities outside of Bizhosting. Some personal information, such as email, may be shared with a partner company, but only when you have previously agreed to the transfer. 
>   * We produce aggregate reports for advertisers. For example, we tell advertisers how many people saw or clicked on an ad and additionally, how many people saw or clicked on ads in different portions of our service. Where available, we may offer additional information about viewer characteristics. However this does not include personally identifiable information about you or your online usage patterns. Our advertisers allow us to provide our service to you. In return, they need to know how to effectively place their ads to potential customers. 
>   * Bizhosting sends a biweekly newsletter to our members. This is a required service of Bizhosting. If you would like to stop receiving the newsletters you may unsubscribe by removing your account. 
> 


Who Can Use Collected Information and How

>   * As mentioned in our "What We Do With Collected Information" section, we provide our advertisers with aggregate reports on advertising activity. 
>   * Feedback is used by the Bizhosting staff. 
>   * Please be aware that if you voluntarily disclose information online, personal or otherwise, that information can be collected and used by others. Bizhosting will have no means to control this. 
> 


Our Disclosure of Your Information

>   * Bizhosting does not sell or commercially make available specific information about its users or members other than in aggregate form, except in cooperation with law enforcement bodies in regards to content violations or violations of applicable laws. 
> 


Our Security Measures

>   * Bizhosting uses secure server software (SSL) to encrypt payment information and member data against unauthorized access. However, we cannot be responsible for how third parties, whose links appear on our site, use your information. You should know that no data transmission is one hundred percent guaranteed. Because your site is ultimately protected by you and your password, much of your information security is up to you. 
>   * Bizhosting has implemented additional precautions to ensure the privacy of your personal information. We have a strict firewall in place which does not allow any outside access. Access in the company is limited to only individuals who need to be able to see customer data in order to perform their job functions, such as the billing department. Important personal data is backed up on the network to help insure its integrity. All employees are under a confidentiality agreement. 
> 


Corrections & Updates to Personal Information

>   * Members can change or correct information about themselves previously collected information via an online forms at http://members.bizhosting.com/cgi-bin/util/info. which are part of our registration system. If there is a problem with a change being accepted by our system, you may contact us at the email address:
> 
> [support@bizhosting.com](mailto:support@bizhosting.com)
> 
>   * Members are notified of any changes in the Bizhosting Privacy Policy in the bi-weekly newsletter. 
> 


Your Choices

>   * You may choose not to receive special offers and discounts simply by not registering for any special deals and offers when you sign up. If you signed up for special offers and now wish to unsubscribe, you may do so at any time by replying to the unsubscribe link contained in those mailings. 
>   * Any Bizhosting member may cancel their membership at any time by going to **<http://members.bizhosting.com/cgi-bin/util/deleteaccount>**. When an account is cancelled, all user information is removed from the Bizhosting system related to that account, other than that in aggregate form. 
> 
  
  
---|---
