> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the koda.us privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101231051014id_/http%3A//koda.us/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# KODA: Privacy Policy

**___We have updated the KODA Privacy Policy. Using KODA means you consent to the revised policy, so please take a few minutes to review and understand its terms.  ___**

**_____Effective November 1, 2010_**

**KODA Privacy Policy**

****KODA provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of our website located at[www.koda.us](http://www.koda.us/) and the services provided by KODA therein (any and all of the foregoing the “ ** _Site_** ”). This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through this Site. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes.

As used in this policy, the terms “using” and “processing” information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally.

**Information Collection and Use**

****Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Site, services, features and content, to administer your membership (together, the “ ** _Service_** ”) and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Site.

__Personally Identifiable Information__ _._

  * In the course of your use of the Site (e.g., when you register with us and set up an account and when you choose to create your profile), we will ask you for personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you (“ ** _Personal Information_** ”). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, email address and home and business postal addresses. We use Personal Information mainly to provide the Service and administer your inquiries.
  * We also collect the other information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your profile ( _e.g._ , without limitation, zip code, country, individual preferences, educational and professional background/work history and your profile picture) (“ ** _Non-Identifying Information_** ”).
  * We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) mainly to provide the Service and administer your inquiries.
  * Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified. _But_ the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences). We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other KODA Users (defined below) to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyze and understand how our Site and Service are used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a service to you according to your preferences or restrictions.
  * We also use your Personal Information to contact you with KODA newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or contact KODA at [customerservice@koda.us](mailto:customerservice@koda.us).



__Surveys and Polls__ _. ****_ From time to time, we may provide you the opportunity to participate in surveys and polls (each a “ ** _Survey_** ”) via our Service. If you participate in a Survey, some of the information you provide may be visible to others using the Site. We may also request certain Personal Information from you if you participate in a Survey. We use the Personal Information you provide to us in these instances to administer your participation in the Survey. Participation in a Survey is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. You may opt out of participating by changing your account settings to stop receiving participation inquiries and requests.

__Log Data__ _._ When you visit the Site, whether as a KODA member ( _i.e._ , a registered job seeker), a registered employer that has created an account or a non-registered user just browsing (any of these, a **“ _KODA User_ ”**), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ( ** _“Log Data”_** ). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, the name of your ISP, your browser type, your operating system or email patterns, the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, the webpage you visit when you leave our Site, or pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Service and for the Site’s technical administration, to increase our Site’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors’ needs. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Site meet the criteria required to process their requests.

**Cookies**

****Like many websites, we use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by KODA Users and web traffic routing on the Site. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and Service and then close your browser. Third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. You can instruct your browser,  by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Service.

We may also use “pixel tags,” “web beacons,” “clear GIFs” or similar means (individually or collectively “ ** _Pixel Tags_** ”) in connection with our Service to collect usage, demographic and geographical location data. A Pixel Tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel that is ordinarily not visible to users and may be associated with cookies on a user’s hard drive. Pixel Tags allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Site, to deliver branded services and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns.

**Information Sharing and Disclosure**

****__KODA Members, Search and “Featured Users”__. As a KODA member, when you register through the Site and submit your Personal Information to create a profile, KODA Users will see your first and last name, the month and year you first registered with KODA and the locations of interest you provide in your profile (“ ** _Required Profile Data_** ”). You can choose what other Personal Information you include as part of your profile and in the comments and submissions you make in connection with your use of the Service. **_Providing your Personal Information in connection with your use of the Service is voluntary and should correlate with the degree of interaction you want to have with other KODA Users, including employers._** Please note that information you post in public areas of the Site may be accessed, used and stored by other KODA Users. For example, potential employers, will have access to your professional background/work history information and references should you provide public access to such information and those employers that have registered with us will have access to your Search Data as described below. KODA is not responsible for use of the information you post or otherwise make available via the the Service or otherwise.

  * **_What profile information is publicly available via the KODA search functionality_** **?** As a KODA member, except for your locations of interest, the Required Profile Data that you have entered as part of your profile in addition to your photo, latest education information (e.g., your school, year of graduation, degree and major) (collectively “ ** _Search Data_** ”) will show up by default in the search results when a KODA User uses the Site’s search functionality (“ ** _Public Search_** ”). KODA members can choose not to show their photo and latest education information in the Public Search results by making selections in their privacy settings  in their KODA account.
  * **_What information is available to KODA registered employers?_** To give KODA members the full benefit of our services, a KODA member’s Search Data, however, will always be available in the search results for searches run by employers that have registered with KODA to access our services and catalog of job seekers. Except for the Required Profile Data, to use the Service you can always choose not to enter other information about yourself in your profile if you wish for that information not to be available to registered employers.
  * **_What does it mean to be a “Featured User”?_** In addition, from time to time, as a job seeker, we may provide your first name, occupation or major and degree, city and state of residence and a random phrase from your user profile (e.g., a word from your “Me-in-Three” entry) on the home page of our Site in the “Meet Our Users” section (each a “ ** _Featured User_** ”). If you do not wish to be a Featured User, please send us an email at anytime to [customerservice@koda.us](mailto:customerservice@koda.us) and we will honor your request in a commercially reasonable amount of time after our receipt of your email.



__Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information__. We may share aggregated information that includes your Personal Information, Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis and demographic profiling and to deliver targeted advertising about other products and services.

__Service Providers__. We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Site-related services ( _e.g._ , without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Site’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and Service are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

__Social Networking Sites.__ We may share the information in your KODA account profile (including your Personal Information) with the social networking sites (“ ** _SNSs_** ”) you choose to link to your KODA account to provide you with enhanced services. For example, our Site allows users to create an account and login to the KODA service using their Facebook account credentials through Facebook Connect. Creating an account for the first time through Facebook Connect will prompt users to merge their KODA and Facebook accounts. By using Facebook Connect, you are allowing KODA to access your Facebook account information and you are agreeing to the Facebook Terms of Use in your use of the Site via Facebook. If you are not currently registered as a KODA member and you click on “Sign in Using Facebook,” you will first be asked to enter your Facebook credentials and then be given the option to register and join KODA. We allow KODA members to post recent activity back to Facebook, and give them the option to disable Facebook Connect at any time by logging into their account and selecting the option to disable Facebook Connect. Other than what we may share with an SNS in connection with your linking of accounts, the personal information an SNS has about you is obtained by the SNS independent of our Service. Other services follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other online services you use.

__Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement__. KODA cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of KODA or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. _ ___

__Business Transfers__. KODA may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.

**Changing or Deleting Your Information**

****All KODA registered users with active accounts may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in their KODA account and profile by accessing and editing their account information or profile on the Site or by contacting us. If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your records in our system, please contact us at[privacy@koda.us](mailto:privacy@koda.us) with a request that we delete your Personal Information from our database. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes.

**Tell-A-Friend**

****If you choose to use our referral services to tell a friend about our Site, we will ask you for your friend’s email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site. KODA stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time emails and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at[privacy@koda.us](mailto:privacy@koda.us) to request that we remove this information from our database.

**Sending Messages via a KODA Account**

****As part of the Service, KODA members may communicate with other KODA members through use of their accounts. Where a KODA member has selected the option of contacting another KODA member, the message he or she creates in the corresponding template will be sent from KODA to the other KODA member on his or her behalf.

**Security**

****KODA is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We are not in the business of providing information security. We do employ limited data security measures, such as encryption, on some but not all systems. Do not provide your personal information if you are concerned with its disclosure.

We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

**International Transfer**

****Your information may be transferred to—and maintained on—computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, KODA transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

**Phishing**

****Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to KODA. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your user name, login password or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website.

**Links to Other Sites**

****Our Site contains links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser or third party website by “clicking on” a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or if you click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. The fact that we link to a website or other online service or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.

**Our Policy Toward Children**

****This Site is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at[privacy@koda.us](mailto:privacy@koda.us). If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.

**Contacting Us**

****If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at[privacy@koda.us](mailto:privacy@koda.us) or at: KODA Corporation, Attn.: Privacy Policy Issues, 220 Montgomery Street #991, San Francisco, California 94104.
