> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 2fdeal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-09-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190912180805id_/https%3A//www.2fdeal.com/art/privacy-policy_a0041.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

This privacy policy only applies to www.2fdeal.com (quoted as ‘Site’ below. This privacy policy does not pertain to information that is collected offline. BY USING THE SITE AND ITS RELATED ANDROID AND iOS APP, YOU CONSENT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND TO OUR PROCESSING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSES STATED BELOW. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SITE OR ITS RELATED ANDROID AND iOS APP.

**A. Information Collected**  
This privacy policy applies only to information collected on the Site and/or the App. The information we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use on Site and/or in App.  
We collect two types of information from visitors to the Site and/or App: (1) Personally Identifiable Information; and (2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information, such as Browser version, IP address, Device information, etc.  
_(1) Personal Identifiable Information_  
"Personal Identifiable Information" is the information that identifies you personally, such as your name, date of birth, address, telephone number, email address, or company name. The Site and /or App collects and stores the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. Here are some examples of manners in which we may collect your personally identifiable information on the Site:  
We may collect your name, address, email address, telephone number when you register for or create an account;  
We may collect your name and email address if you contact us with a question;  
We may collect your first and last name, date of birth and email address if you choose to participate in a contest or sweepstakes; and  
We may collect your first and last name, your address, and your credit card and billing information if you make a purchase of a product or service.  
The above list provides an example of the personal identifiable information that may be collected on the Site or in the App. If you do not want us to collect your personal identifiable information, please do not provide it to us.  
_(2) Non-Personal Identifiable Information_  
"Non-Personal Identifiable Information" can be technical information or it can be demographic information, such as SDK/API/JS code version, browser, Internet service provider, IP address, platform, timestamp, application identifier, application version, application distribution channel, independent deice identifier, iOS ad identifier (IDFA), Android ad master identifier, network card (MAC) address, and international mobile device identification code (IMEI) The equipment model, the terminal manufacturer, the terminal device operating system version, the session start / stop time, the location of the language, the time zone and the network state (WiFi and so on), the hard disk, the CPU, and the battery use, etc. Non-personal identifiable information does NOT identify you personal. Here are some examples of the non-personal identifiable information that is collected via the site and a description of how this information is used:  
Internet Protocol (IP) address: Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data, such as the webpages you view. We use this information to deliver our webpages to you upon request, to tailor our Site to the interests of our users and to measure traffic within our Site.  
Cookie: A "cookie" is a small text file that may be used to collect information about your activity on the Site. For example, when someone visits a page within the Site, a cookie is placed on the user's machine (if the user accepts cookies) or is read if the user has visited the Site previously. You may set most browsers to notify you if you receive a cookie, or you may choose to block cookies with your browser, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other users to our Site. Some of the cookies we use may be flash cookies or Adobe cookies. While they are harmless, they may contain Demographic Information (defined below) and depending on your browser these cookies may not normally be deleted when your cookies are deleted. Please check your browser to determine where these types of cookies are stored and how they may be deleted.  
Web Beacons (also known as "clear gifs," "web bugs" or "pixel tags"): "Web Beacons" are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to allow us to count users who have visited certain pages of the Site and to help determine the effectiveness of promotional or advertising campaigns. When used in HTML-formatted email messages, web beacons can tell the sender whether and when the email has been opened. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, web beacons are embedded invisibly on web pages.  
Demographic Information: "Demographic Information" may be your gender, age, zip code and interests, which you voluntarily provide to us on the Site and/or in App. We use this information to provide you with personalized services and to analyze trends to ensure the information provided by the Site meets your needs. For example, if you subscribe to a specific newsletter, 2fdeal.com may collect your zip code or interests. Please note that we also consider aggregated information, which is not personally identifiable, to be non-personally identifiable information. The above list provides an example of the non-personally identifiable information that is collected via the Site and/or the App.  
We collect the above non-personally identifiable information from all visitors to our Site and/or App. If you do not want us to have access to those information, please do not visit our Site and/or use our App.

**B. Use of Information Collected Via the Site and/or the App**  
_(1) Personal Identifiable Information_  
We use your personally identifiable information that is collected on the Site and/or in App primarily for the following purposes:  
To deliver information, newsletters or other products and services you request or purchase;  
To alert you to special offers, updated information and other new services from us, or other third parties, or to provide promotional materials;  
To complete a transaction or service requested by you;  
To fulfill the terms of a promotion;  
To ensure the Site and/or App is relevant to your needs;  
To help us create and publish content most relevant to you;  
To notify you about a material change to this privacy policy, if necessary;  
To allow you access to limited-entry areas of the Site or in App; and  
To contact you in response to your inquiry.  
_(2) Non-Personal Identifiable Information_  
We use Non-Personal Identifiable Information to continually improve our products, including improving existing services, adding new features or capabilities. For example, to shorten th site’s response time, to add more new features on both the site and the app, to provide more appropriate service choices based on your geographical information, etc.

**C. Sharing and Disclosure of Information**  
_(1) Personal Identifiable Information_  
We may share or disclose your personally identifiable information in the following instances:  
(i) To fulfill a service to you. For example, if you email us a question, we may use your email address to process your request and respond to your question. Also, if you are entering a sweepstakes or contest, we may use your personal identifiable information in order to fulfill the terms of that promotion. This means that we may share the information for prize fulfillment purposes or mail carriers. We also may share your information with the co-sponsor of that promotion.  
(ii) To affiliates, strategic partners, agents, third party marketers or other unaffiliated parties who are offering products or services that we believe may be of interest to you or who require your personally identifiable information for research, administrative and/or internal business purposes. These parties may use your personally identifiable information to contact you with an offer or advertisement related to a product or service, or they may use such information for their own research, administration or business purposes. If you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information in this manner, please do not provide us with this information.  
(iii) To unaffiliated third-party service providers, agents or independent contractors who help us maintain our Site and/or our App and provide other administrative services to us (including, but not limited to, order processing and fulfillment, providing customer service, maintaining and analyzing data, sending customer communications on our behalf, and entry collection, winner selection and prize fulfillment for contests, sweepstakes and other promotions). We seek to ensure that these unaffiliated third parties will not use the personal identifiable information for any other purpose than to provide the administrative services for which they are responsible. Because such unaffiliated third-party service providers that help us administer our Site and/or our App will have access to users' personally identifiable information, if you do not wish for our unaffiliated third-party service providers to have access to your information, please do not register or submit any personal identifiable information to us.  
(iv) To complete your purchase. If you choose to make a purchase on the Site and or in the App, we may collect from you your credit card number, billing address and other information related to such purchase, and we may use such collected information in order to fulfill your purchase. We may also provide such information, or other personal identifiable information provided by you, to unaffiliated third parties as necessary to complete your purchase (for example, to process your credit card).  
(v) To comply with the law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the requirements of law or comply with legal process served on us, protect and defend our rights or property, including the rights and property of us and the Site and/or the App or act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of our end users.  
(vi) To third parties as part of any corporate reorganization process including, but not limited to, mergers, acquisitions, and sales of all or substantially all of our assets.  
(vii) To track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties.  
(viii) To protect against potential fraud, we may verify with third parties the information collected from the Site and/or the App. In the course of such verification, we may receive personal identifiable information about you from such services. In particular, if you use a credit card or debit card to purchase services with us, we may use card authorization and fraud screening services to verify that your card information and address matches the information that you supplied to us, and that the card has not been reported as lost or stolen.  
Except as described in this Privacy Policy or at the time we request the information, we do not otherwise use, share or otherwise disclose your personal identifiable information to any third parties.  
_(2) Non-Personally Identifiable Information_  
We use non-personally identifiable information collected on the Site in the manner disclosed above, in the Section B (2). We may share this non-personal information with third parties.

**D. Legal Basis for Information Processing**  
We process Personal/Non-Personal Identifiable Information for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, as described above. Our legal basis to process personal information includes processing that is: necessary for the performance of the contract with you (for example, to provide you with the services you request and to identify and authenticate you so you may use the Site and/or the App); necessary to comply with legal requirements (for example, to comply with applicable accounting rules and to make mandatory disclosures to law enforcement); necessary for our legitimate interests (for example, to manage our relationship with you, to ensure the security of our services, to communicate with you about our products and services); and based on consent by our customers (for example, to place certain cookies and to share your information with third parties for advertising purposes).

**E. Visitors Under the Age of 18**  
The Site and the App does not allow visitors/users under the age of 18. We have clear notification on the Site and the App to alert any visitors/users under the age of 18 not to visit/use our Site and/or App. How ever, if we learn that such behaviors happened on our Site and our App (due to accident click or intentionally cheat), any information, Personal or Non-Personal Identifiable Information will be deleted or destroyed.

**F. Opt-Out**  
We communicate with users who subscribe to our services on a regular basis via email. For example, we may use your email address to confirm your request, to send you notice of payments, to send you information about changes to our products and services, and to send notices and other disclosures as required by law. Generally, users cannot opt-out of these communications, but they will be primarily informational in nature rather than promotional.  
However, we provide you the opportunity to exercise an opt-out choice if you do not want to receive other types of communication from us, such as emails or updates from us regarding new services and products offered on this Site or if you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information with third parties. The opt-out choice may be exercised by ticking or un-ticking the appropriate box if such checkbox is available at the points where personally identifiable information is collected or by contacting us. We will process your unsubscribe as soon as possible, but please be aware that in some circumstances you may receive a few more messages until the unsubscribe is processed. You also may opt-out of receiving such emails by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link within the text of the email.

**G. Third Party Web Sites**  
This privacy policy applies solely to information collected on the Site. The Site may contain links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other web sites.

**H. Third Party Advertisers**  
We may use advertisers, third party ad networks, and other advertising companies, to serve advertisements on the Site. Please be advised that such advertising companies may gather information about your visit to the Site or other sites (such as through cookies, web beacons and other technologies) to enable such advertising companies to market products or services to you, to monitor which ads have been served to your browser and which webpages you were viewing when such ads were delivered. PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS POLICY DOES NOT COVER THE COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION BY SUCH ADVERTISING COMPANIES.

**I. Accessing Your Personal Identifiable Information and Privacy Preferences**  
We provide you with an opportunity to access your personal identifiable information to ensure it is correct, accurate and current. To edit your personal identifiable information, please send a request in My orders page or contact us through email. We will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request.

**J. Assignment**  
In the event that all or part of our assets are sold or acquired by another party, or in the event of a merger, you grant us the right to assign the personal identifiable and non-personal identifiable information collected via the Site and the App.

**K. Changes to this Privacy Policy**  
We reserve the right to change this privacy policy from time to time. When we do, we will also revise the "last update" date. For changes to this privacy policy that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of personal information you have provided to us, we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing the change by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account or by placing a prominent notice on the Site or the App.

**L. Security**  
No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you understand that any information that you transfer to us through the Site or the App is done at your own risk.  
Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems. We use firewalls to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of such firewalls and secure server software.  
If we learn of a security system breach we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using the Site and/or the App or providing personal identifiable information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of the Site and/or the App. We may post a notice on our Site if a security breach occurs. We may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.  
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact us through Contact Us page. All information you provide in any written communication will also be covered by this policy.
