> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the uky.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181228141210id_/http%3A//www.uky.edu/see/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Uky.edu Privacy Policy | The University of Kentucky

## Privacy Statement

The University of Kentucky (UK) is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. This privacy statement describes how UK collects, utilizes, and protects the information you provide while visiting UK websites.

This privacy statement is effective August 1, 2018 and may be updated as necessary; therefore, you are encouraged to check this page periodically to confirm any changes and how they may affect you.

You can visit official UK websites without revealing personal information. If you choose to provide any personal information, it will only be used by UK for the purpose of conducting official University business. Further, personal information will not be disseminated to unaffiliated third parties. Your continued use of our website indicates consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of this information as described in this notice.

## What information does UK collect from you?

The information UK collects generally falls into one of two categories: 

### Automatically Collected Information

When you view pages on UK websites, some specific technical information about your visit is automatically collected. This information includes:

  * Device IP address
  * The domain name from which you visit our website
  * Customer-specific information on which pages are visited
  * Aggregate information on the specific pages visited
  * The website or service that referred you
  * The date and time of the website visit
  * The duration of the website visit
  * Browser and device type
  * Screen resolution
  * Your interactions with the web page
  * Aggregate information collected by Google Analytics



### Manually Collected Information

In order to make products and services available to you, UK may ask you to provide information voluntarily through forms or other manual input. This information allows UK to better serve your needs and is generally retained as long as you continue to maintain a relationship with the University. You may choose not to provide UK with this information. However, not providing the requested information (or subsequently asking that the data be removed) may impact UK’s ability to deliver the products and/or services for which the information is needed. Providing the requested information indicates your consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of this information as described in this privacy statement. Examples of information that UK may ask you to provide include:

  * The email addresses of those who communicate with us via email
  * The email addresses of those who make postings to our chat areas
  * Name
  * Address
  * Telephone number
  * Fax number
  * Payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address)
  * Information volunteered by the visitor, such as preferences, survey information and/or site registrations



## How does UK collect information?

When you view pages on UK websites, the web server and related systems automatically collect certain technical information from your computer and about your connection.  UK also collects information using the following methods:

### Cookies

A cookie is a file that is written to your computer containing information about your visit, but does not contain personal data. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you may configure your browser not to accept them at all, or to notify and require approval before accepting new cookies. Some web pages may not function properly if the cookies are turned off, or you may have to provide the same information each time you visit those pages.

### Third Party Services

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. including Demographics and Interest Reporting. Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how customers utilize the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to and stored by Google. You can use the [Google Analytics Opt-Out Browser Add-on ](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)to disable tracking by Google Analytics. For more information, please visit Google’s [Privacy Policy](https://policies.google.com/privacy).

Some UK websites use services such as Mouseflow to record how visitors interact with their content and interface. Mouseflow is an analytics session replay / recording and website heatmap tool provided by Mouseflow ApS. Mouseflow is used to display the areas of a page where Users most frequently move the mouse or click. This shows where the points of interest are. Additionally, Mouseflow collects user survey response data. You can opt out of Mouseflow recording [here.](https://mouseflow.com/opt-out/)

## Why does UK collect this information?

Your information is used during transaction processing or planning and decision making endeavors for your benefit - either individually or in aggregate.

For example, data collected during a student’s admissions process allow the University to make selective admissions decisions on an individual bases and to make decisions regarding resource capacity (e.g., how many classes, rooms, faculty and services need to be available). This is also used for analysis for determining demand and offering about programs and other services to ensure the University is offering the best educational experience possible - one that highlights student success.  Similarly, those interested in faculty or staff positions at the University will provide data directly related to specific position postings to be used for evaluation and also to identify and act upon continuous improvement endeavors (e.g., benefits selection, performance evaluations, etc). 

UK utilizes automatically collected technical information such as IP addresses (the Internet address of your computer) to help diagnose technical problems with our servers and to administer our websites. We do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a visitor’s session will be logged, but the visitor will remain anonymous.

## Who might UK share your information with?

Your information may be shared with appropriate University personnel and units to ensure the quality, functionality, and security of our websites or to manage your relationship with the University. We will not disclose personally identifiable information about your use of UK websites except under the following circumstances:

  * With your prior written (including email) consent
  * When we have given you clear notice that we will disclose information that you voluntarily provide
  * With appropriate external parties, such as law enforcement agencies, in order to investigate and respond to suspected violations of law or university policy. Any such disclosures shall comply with all applicable laws and university policies.



## How long do we keep your information?

Certain technical information is retained in the aggregate; this data may not have a current retention/deletion schedule. Your information will be retained by UK in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations.

You may request details of personal information which we hold about you. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to [cybersecurity@uky.edu](mailto:cybersecurity@uky.edu).

## How is UK keeping me secure?

UK is committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, UK has physical, electronic, and managerial procedures and security measures in place to safeguard the information the University collects from you online.

In addition, we will comply with all applicable federal, state, and local laws regarding the privacy and security of visitor information.

Due to the rapidly evolving nature of information technologies, no transmission of data over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. While UK is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors, we cannot guarantee the security of any information that you transmit to university websites, and you do so at your own risk. However, once we receive your information, we will use reasonable safeguards consistent with prevailing industry standards and commensurate with the sensitivity of the data being stored to maintain the security of that information on our systems.

## Does UK collect information when children visit a website?

UK websites are not directed to children under 13 years of age, does not sell products or services intended for purchase by children, and does not knowingly collect or store any personal information, even in aggregate, about children under the age of 13. All minors should ask for their parent’s permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the internet, and we encourage parents to teach their children about safe internet use practices.

## How can I restrict collection or use of the information you hold about me?

You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:

  * _Opt-out_ :  whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
  * _Withdraw permission_ :  if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at [cybersecurity@uky.edu](mailto:cybersecurity@uky.edu).



## How do I correct errors in the information you hold about me?

If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us as soon as possible at [cybersecurity@uky.edu](mailto:cybersecurity@uky.edu). We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
