> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the repairshopr.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-07-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130730061222id_/http%3A//www.repairshopr.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Computer Repair Shop Software – CRM & Invoice System

#### Last Updated: August 10th, 2012

### Preface

First, this is a long document that has to cover whats in a typical Privacy Policy - but we want to start out by stating one clear fact; RepairShopr will never examine/mine/inspect/utilize *your* customer data that you input into our site.  We may use your repair shop contact information to contact you, as our customer, but your customer data will never be touched by any systems outside of the direct purposes you are fulfilling. If you enable SMS messages for example, a phone number will be sent to Twilio, but nothing en masse will ever be shared. 

> We will NEVER mine your customer database, we treat it like the Intellectual Property of YOURS that it is.  Your data is YOUR data, not ours.  If you ever want us to remove it, we will.

This is the Privacy Policy of the RepairShopr website (the “Site”), operated by Really Clicking. (together with our affiliates and subsidiaries, “RepairShopr”, “we”, “us”, “our” and terms of similar meaning) and our related products and services. It describes the information that we collect from you as part of the normal operation of our Site, and how we use and disclose this information. By accepting the Privacy Policy in registration or by visiting and using the Site, you expressly consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to our Terms of Use. In this Privacy Policy, we use the following terms to describe different types of visitors to our Site. Our customers are called “Subscribers” and our Subscribers’ customers are called “Customers”. We use the word “staff” to describe persons to whom Subscribers give “staff” access on the Site. Together with registered users of our forum or other interactive areas of the Site, these people are collectively described in this Privacy Policy as “Users” of our Site. 

### How We Use Your Information

We use personal information in the file we maintain about you, and other information we obtain from your current and past activities on the Site, to provide to you the services offered by the Site; resolve service and billing disputes; troubleshoot problems; bill any amounts due from you; measure consumer interest in our products and services, inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, events and updates; deliver information to you that, in some cases, is relevant to your interests, such as product news; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our Terms of Use; provide you with system or administrative messages, and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. On occasion we use email address or other contact information to contact our Users to ask them for their input on our services, to forward to them media opportunities, and even to invite them to dinner. We may also use personal information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze Site usage, to improve our content and product offerings, and to customize the Site's content, layout, and services. These uses improve the Site and better tailor it to meet your needs, so as to provide you with a smooth, efficient, safe and customized experience while using the Site. If you wish to subscribe to our newsletters, we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe in the email. If you wish to no longer receive our newsletters you may update the settings in your account, follow the instructions located in the email, or you may contact us at help@repairshopr.com. 

### What Information Do We Collect?

Our primary purpose in collecting personal information from you is to provide you with a safe, smooth, efficient, and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our service to make your experience safer and easier. We only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose. In general, you can browse the Site without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. Once you become a User, we require you to provide various contact and identity information, billing information, and other personal information as indicated on the relevant forms on the Site (which vary, depending on what kind of User you are), and you are no longer anonymous to us. Where possible, on these forms we indicate which fields are required and which fields are optional. In addition, as you use the Site, you can from time to time enter or send to us personal information. For example, if you are a Subscriber, you can enter your own timesheet and other billing information, and if you are a Customer you can enter information about payment of any invoice submitted by a Subscriber. As you use the Site you can also from time to time enter personal information about third parties. For example, if you are a Subscriber, you can enter personal information about your Customers or your staff. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to become a User or by not using the particular feature of the Site for which the information is being collected. If you are a Subscriber, we collect your credit card information for billing purposes. And if you are a Customer who wishes to pay amounts to a Subscriber on a recurring basis, we collect and store your credit card information for payment purposes. We also automatically track certain information about you based upon your behaviour on our Site. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behaviour to better understand, protect and serve you and our community. This information may include the URL that you just came from (whether this URL is on our Site or not), which URL you next go to (whether this URL is on our Site or not), your computer browser information, and your IP address. “Cookies” are small files placed on your hard drive that assist us in providing our services. We use cookies to allow you to enter your password less frequently during a session, and we use data collection devices (such as Google Analytics), including cookies, on certain pages of the Site to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety, to offer certain features that are only available through the use of a cookie and to allow us to provide information that is targeted to your interests. We link the information we store in our cookies to personally identifiable information you submit when you create a RepairShopr account. We may use third-party service provides to assist us in monitoring your use of the Site. Information collected by these cookies is also governed by this privacy policy. Following your registration on the Site, you can review and change your information in your account area. If you disclose personal information in any posting in our forum or blog and wish to have it removed, please contact us at the support contact information listed below, and posted on the Site. 

### Our Disclosure of Your Information

We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. The following describes some of the ways that your information may be disclosed in the normal scope of business to provide our services: Subscribers and Customers, Etc. In the normal operation of the Site Subscriber timesheets (including information entered by “staff” members) and invoices are disclosed to the applicable Customers, and Customer information is disclosed to the applicable Subscriber. In general, information you enter on the Site is available to the other persons – whether they are Customers, Subscribers, staff members or others – to whom you give access to your account or to whom you give access to the information through the normal operation of the Site. Payment Information. We use credit card and other payment information (such as PayPal email addresses) you submit to us on the Site to process payments you make through the Site. We do not store credit card or other payment method information unless the Subscriber or their Customers choose to enter credit card information for use in the RepairShopr recurring profiles module; in all other cases financial institutions (like PayPal, Authorize.net and PSiGate) have the sole and complete responsibility for the storage of credit card and payment information. Anonymized Aggregated Data. We aggregate and anonymize sales information including (but not limited to) industry type, number of invoices sent, average invoice size, method of sending invoices, percentage paid online, sales amounts and average sale per customer, and disclose such information in a non-personally identifiable manner to Subscribers. However, in these situations, we do not disclose any information that could be used to identify you personally. Forum. If you post on our forum or blog your username and other information you include is displayed in your postings or comments, and is therefore available to the public. All of your activities in the public areas of the forum will be identifiable to your User ID, and other people can see your published content. Subsidiaries and Affiliates; Service Providers. We may from time to time use the services of affiliates, subsidiaries and unrelated service providers in the operation of the Site, and may disclose personal information to them in the course of our use of their services. For example, we may use the services of third-party hosting companies to host the operation of the Site. This may involve the hosting of data, including personal information, on servers operated by those hosting companies. We take care to use only service providers that we believe are reputable and able to live up to our and your expectations, including about the handling of confidential information. Legal Requests; Emergencies. RepairShopr may disclose your personal information (a) to any governmental authority as part of an investigation to determine our compliance with any applicable law, rule, or regulation (including privacy laws, rules, and regulations), (b) in response to a court order, subpoena, discovery request, or other lawful judicial or administrative proceeding, (c) as otherwise required under any applicable law, rule, or regulation, and (d) in good faith, to protect or defend the rights or property of RepairShopr and other users. 

### Your Use of Other Persons’ Information

In order to facilitate the services provided by the Site, the Site allows you in certain circumstances to give other Users limited access to the personal information of other persons. For example, if you are a Subscriber, you may use the Site to give access to a staff member to the personal information of your Customers. By entering into our Terms of Use, you agree that, with respect to the personal information of other persons that you collect, use and disclose on the Site, you have all necessary consents and rights to collect, use and disclose that information as described in this Privacy Policy from time to time, and you agree that the indemnity you give to us in the Terms of Use applies to any non-compliance by you with the foregoing. If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. RepairShopr stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at help@RepairShopr.com to request that we remove this information from our database. 

### Security

RepairShopr strives to protect your personal information. For security of transactions, we use the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, which encrypts any information, such as credit card number and billing information, you send to us electronically. The encryption process protects your information, by scrambling it before it is sent to us from your computer. Once RepairShopr receives your transmission, we make commercially reasonable efforts to ensure its security on our system. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. More information about security is available on the Site and in our Terms of Use. 

### Other Information Collectors

Except as otherwise expressly included in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. To the extent that you disclose your information to other parties through the Site, whether they are Subscribers or Customers or otherwise, different rules may apply to their use, collection and disclosure of the personal information you disclose to them. Since we do not control the information use, collection or disclosure policies of third parties, you are subject to their privacy policies. We encourage you to ask questions before you disclose your personal information to others. 

### Correcting and Updating Your Personal Information

To review and update your personal information to ensure it is accurate, you may login into your account to make the changes, or you may contact us at privacy@RepairShopr.com. 

### Additional Policy Information

Invitations: You have the opportunity to invite others to work with you through your RepairShopr account. To do that, RepairShopr asks you to import or to manually enter your contacts’ email addresses. As you direct, we then send them an invitation on your behalf or other notices reflecting changes you make to their status in your account. If you click on a link to a third-party site, you will leave the RepairShopr site and go to the site you selected. If you elect to use a third-party product or service in conjunction with RepairShopr, you yourself enter into a license agreement with the third party for use of their product or service and their use of your data. Because we cannot control the activities of third parties, we cannot accept responsibility for any use of your personally identifiable information by such third parties, and we cannot guarantee that they will adhere to the same privacy practices as RepairShopr. We encourage you to review the privacy statements of any other service provider from whom you request services. If you visit a third party website that is linked to a RepairShopr site, you should read that site’s privacy statement before providing any personally identifiable information. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you want your testimonial removed please contact us at privacy@RepairShopr.com. 

### Account Deletion

RepairShopr  takes your data privacy extremely seriously and if you request to remove your account, we will purge your data right away.  It will remain in backups for up to 30 days in production, but will not be available online in our systems. 

### Notification of Privacy Statement Changes

We may update this privacy statement to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. 

### Questions?

It is our goal to make our privacy practices easy to understand. If you have questions, concerns or if you would like more detailed information, please email our privacy officer at: RepairShopr help@RepairShopr.com 11410 NE 124th ST, #270 Kirkland, WA 98034 USA 
