> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the reply.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-10-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191025091619id_/https%3A//www.reply.com/en/Shared%2520Documents/Privacy/Privacy_Policy_eng.pdf) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Last update: 15/07/2019 1

                                                                                  Last update: 15/07/2019
Reply S.p.A. website Privacy Policy
This page provides an outline of the way personal data of Reply website visitors is managed. This
notice is provided pursuant to Section 13 of EU Regulation no. 679/2016. This notice is addressed
to all who interact via the web services provided by Reply, accessed by electronic
telecommunications means through the address: www.reply.com. This notice only applies to the
Reply S.p.A. website. It does not apply to any non-Reply sites accessed via links.
Data controller and Data Protection Officer (DPO)
When identified or identifiable users access this site, personal data of the said users may be
processed.
The data controller is Reply S.p.A. (registered office: Corso Francia 110, Torino).
Data is processed exclusively by Reply staff entrusted with this task. No personal data generated by
the web service is transferred to third parties. Personal data provided by users are used for the sole
purposes of providing requested services and performing the tasks requested. This information is
transferred to third parties only when necessary in furtherance of these interests.
The contact details of the Data Protection Officer (DPO) are:
     •   DPO Italy: dpo.it@reply.it
     •   DPO Germany: dpo.de@reply.de
     •   DPO UK: dpo.uk@reply.com
Types of processed data
Navigation data
IT systems and software procedures adopted for the functioning of this website, as a part of their
normal functioning, collect various items of personal data. The said personal data is transferred as
a part of the normal course of events when using the Internet (based on TCP/IP protocol).
This information is not collected in order to be linked to the specific persons it refers to. However, its
nature is such that, through processing and collating of data held by third parties, it may be possible
to identify navigating users.
This class of information includes IP addresses or the domain names of the computers of users
visiting the website, the addresses of requested resources (in URI, Uniform Resource Identifier
format), the time of the request, the method used to forward the request to the web server, the size
of the file obtained as response, the numerical code indicating the status of the response provided
by the web server (successful, error, etc...) and other parameters relative to operating system and
to user’s IT environment. This data is only to be used for anonymous statistical information relative
to use of the Reply S.p.A. website and for control of correct functioning of the said website in order
to optimize its functionality in relation to the offered services.
Please note that the said data may be used for investigations directed at identifying any persons
responsible for actions classed as computer crime, which are detrimental to the website of Reply
S.p.A. or linked websites.
If no such investigations are conducted, the data relative to web contacts is destroyed in a few days.
                                                                                                         1


                                                                               Last update: 15/07/2019
Data provided voluntarily by user
When e-mail messages are voluntarily sent to the addresses indicated in the address section of
Reply website, this implies the acquisition of certain items of the requesting party’s personal data,
including the requesting party’s e-mail address (necessary for response to requests).
Cookies
The Reply website uses "cookie" technology. For information regarding the Cookies used by the
Reply website, how they are used and how to manage them, consult the "Cookie Policy" section of
this document.
Optional data provision
Apart from the above-described navigation data, users are free to provide personal information
directly in the electronic request forms in website sections for specific requested services. Please
also note that it may not be possible to process requests if some data are not provided.
Some other optional data are provided by the user directly or indirectly (in the latter case, through
the third party website technologies, as indicated in the present document in the section “Third-party
tracking technologies for marketing/retargeting”).
Processing procedures and security measures
Personal data is processed by Reply employees and collaborators by means of automated and non-
automated equipment. It is processed only for no longer than is required to fulfil tasks for which the
said data was collected. Conformity with specific security measures is ensured in order to prevent
data losses, illicit or incorrect use, and unauthorized access.
Rights of concerned individuals
The individuals referred to by personal data collected in the aforementioned sections have the right,
at any time, to request access to their personal data and to obtain the correction or deletion of said
data, or to limit the processing of their data, or to oppose its processing. The individuals also have
the right to data portability.
The individuals have the right to withdraw their consent at any time without prejudice to the
lawfulness of the processing based on the consent given before withdrawal.
The individuals have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent Supervisory Authority.
Requests of this nature are to be addressed to e-mail address privacy@reply.com or sent to Reply
S.p.A. - Corso Francia n. 110 - 10143 Torino.
Minors
Reply does not knowingly use its website to request data from minors or persons of less than 18
years of age.
                                                                                                     2


                                                                                Last update: 15/07/2019
Cookie Policy
The Reply website (hereinafter referred to as the "Website") uses Cookies to make its services
simple and effective for users visiting the portal page.
Cookies are text files, or parcels of information sent from a web server (the website www.reply.com)
to the user's browser, which are memorised on the computer and automatically returned to the server
every time the website is accessed.
There are various types of Cookie, some used to make using the Website more efficient, others to
enable certain functions. For example, Cookies can:
     •  memorise entered preferences;
     •  prevent users from having to re-enter the same information several times during their visit,
        for example username and password;
     •  analyse use of the services and contents provided by the website visited in order to optimise
        the browsing experience and services offered;
     •  allow visitors of the Reply websites to be recognized by third parties (Google, Facebook,
        LinkedIn) during the navigation on third-party platforms and be informed about Reply
        initiatives possibly promoted on these platforms;
     •  carry out anonymous statistical analysis.
Types of Cookies used by the Reply website
The types of Cookies used by the Reply website are listed below, grouped according to their reasons
for use.
Technical Cookies
This type of Cookie allows certain sections of the Website to function correctly and are essential in
order to allow the user to browse the Website and use its features. There are two categories of
technical cookies:
     •  persistent: once the browser has been closed these are not cancelled, but last until a pre-
        defined expiry date;
     •  session: these are automatically cancelled each time the browser is closed.
These Cookies, always sent by the "reply.com" domain, are necessary for the correct visualisation
of the Website and, in relation to the technical services offered, will therefore always be used and
sent (unless the user modifies the settings in his or her browser). Included in this category are the
persistent Cookies used to allow the user to register with the Website and access its restricted area.
The aforementioned Cookies used by the Website avoid the need to use other data processing
techniques which could potentially reduce the confidentiality of the users' navigation of the website,
and do not permit the acquisition of identifying personal information regarding the user.
Functionality Cookies
The Cookies in this category are used to memorise certain settings selected by the user, in order to
remember their preferences during future visits.
                                                                                                      3


                                                                                  Last update: 15/07/2019
These Cookies can have the duration of a session but they are generally persistent and sent from
the "reply.com" domain. They may also be used when providing a service not explicitly requested
by, but provided to the user.
The information gathered by these cookies is anonymous and cannot track the user's behaviour on
other websites.
Included in this category, for example, are first-party Cookies used to memorise the user's
preferences regarding the country of origin and therefore the language in which the text of the
Website is viewed.
Performance Cookies
The cookies in this category (which also include so-called "Cookie analytics") are used to gather
information regarding use of the website.
The Reply website uses this information to obtain anonymous statistical analyses in order to improve
use of its Website and to adapt its contents to the desires of its visitors. This type of Cookie gathers
information anonymously regarding the user's activity and how he or she arrived at the Website.
Reply website uses Hotjar, an analytic service provided by Hotjar Ltd (for further information please
refer to Hotjar Privacy Policy).
Reply uses this information in order to improve the Reply website on the basis of the feedback
received from users. Hotjar works with cookies and other technology gather information about the
use of mobile devices (in particular IP-address of the device, which is collected and stored
anonymized), size of the screen, type of device, the browser, location, preferred language. Hotjar
stores the information in a pseudonymous user profile.
Reply does not use this information to identify users or to combine such data with other data.
Included in this category, for example, are Web Analytics, where the data gathered is limited to use
of the website by the user and the number of accesses to the website, in order to manage the
performance and structure of the website. These cookies are generally persistent.
Cookies to integrate products and software functions from third parties
This type of Cookie integrates functions developed by third parties into the pages of the Website
such as icons and preferences expressed on social networks (for example: Facebook, Twitter) in
order to share the contents of the Website or for the use of third party software services (such as
software to generate maps and other software offering additional services). These Cookies are sent
by third party domains and partner websites, which therefore offer their features within the pages of
the Website.
Third party tracking technologies for marketing / retargeting
The Reply website uses only third-party tracking technologies which are installed on users’ PCs only
if users provide their consent.
In particular, some Reply webpages include tracking pixels of third parties (Facebook, LinkedIn,
Google) that are used to create user profiles of those users providing consent only (through the
banner at the footer of the webpage). Information within users’ profile are used to recognize them
                                                                                                        4


                                                                                  Last update: 15/07/2019
when they are browsing on third party social platforms and to inform them about content promoting
Reply’s initiatives (retargeting).
Reply’s role is limited to allow the installation of such third party technologies after the users provide
their consent on Reply’s website. The real creation of the users’ profile and the retargeting of such
users to Reply’s contents on third parties sites and platforms are performed by third parties.
Users can decide afterwards to remove the tracking technologies following instructions provided by
third parties on their sites and platforms.
Reply cannot read or use users’ information collected by third-party tracking technologies.
a)     Facebook Pixel, a technical instrument managed by Facebook Inc. 1601 Willow Road, Menlo
       Park, California, 94025, USA ("Facebook").
       For further information please refer to the Privacy section and Cookie section of Facebook
       website.
       Facebook has adhered to the "Privacy Shield" agreement which is in compliance with
       European data protection laws and regulations (https://it-it.facebook.com/about/privacyshield);
b)     LinkedIn Pixel, a technical instrument managed by LinkedIn Corporation (“LinkedIn”).
       For further information please refer to the Privacy section and Cookie section of the LinkedIn
       website.
       LinkedIn has adhered to the "Privacy Shield" agreement which is in compliance with European
       data                 protection                 laws                and                 regulations
       (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt0000000L0UZAA0&status=Active\t_blank);
c)     Google Pixel, a technical instrument managed by Google LLC (“Google”).
       For further information please refer to the Privacy section of the Google website.
       Google has adhere to the "Privacy Shield" agreement which is in compliance with European
       data                 protection                 laws                and                 regulations
       (https://www.privacyshield.gov/participant?id=a2zt000000001L5AAI).
The user's consent
According to Cookie Law (2009/136/CE Directive), the Reply website is not obliged to request
consent for first-party technical and analytical Cookies, as they are necessary in order to provide the
services requested. They are therefore installed automatically by the Website during the user's first
visit to any page of the portal.
For other types of third-party Cookie and tracking technologies, consent is requested (at the time of
the first access to the website) via a pop-up banner: this implies active behaviour on the part of the
user, meaning that the latter can give his or her consent by clicking on the "OK" button.
Consequently:
    •    by selecting “Accept” users agree to the use of third-party tracking technologies for the
         purposes indicated in this Privacy Policy;
    •    by clicking on the "Decline" button, users deny the use of third-party tracking technologies”.
For all other types of tracking technologies the user can give his or her consent by one or more of
the following means:
     •   via specific browser settings used to browse the pages that form the Website (see the
         following section);
     •   via modifications to the settings for the use of third party services.
                                                                                                         5


                                                                                  Last update: 15/07/2019
Please note that certain areas or features of the Website rely on the use of Cookies, meaning that
disabling Cookies using one of the solutions indicated above could prevent the user from visualising
certain parts of the Website correctly or using specific features offered by the Website (for example
authentication and access to the restricted area of the website).
How to manage the Cookies used by the Reply website through browser configuration
Nearly all internet browsers are set up to automatically accept Cookies. The user can modify the
predefined configuration (generally set to "medium" level) and disable Cookies, selecting from the
form provided (generally entitled "Privacy") the highest level of protection. In all cases, the user also
has the opportunity to delete individual Cookies from his or her computer by going to "Internet
Options", Tools menu and selecting the "General" form and clicking the appropriate deletion button.
Below are more detailed instructions for managing Cookies on the part of the user for the more
common browsers. The user can find further information at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. To
delete Cookies from the internet browser of your smartphone/tablet, you should refer to the device's
user manual.
Chrome
    1. Click on the (“Settings”) menu in the browser's toolbar next to the window for inserting the url
        when browsing.
    2. Select “Settings”.
    3. Click on “Show Advanced Settings” at the end of the list.
    4. In the “Privacy” section click on the “Contents settings” button.
    5. In the “Cookie” section it is possible to modify the following settings regarding Cookies:
            • Allow local data to be set
            • Keep local data only until you quit your browser
            • Block sites from setting any data
            • Block third-party cookies and site data
            • Manage exceptions for certain websites
            • Delete some or all Cookies
Mozilla Firefox
    1. Click on the (“Settings”) menu in the browser's toolbar next to the window for inserting the
        URL when browsing.
    2. Select “Options”
    3. Select the “Privacy” panel
    4. In the “Tracking” section it is possible to modify the following settings regarding Cookies:
            • Tell sites that I do not want to be tracked
    5. In the “History” section it is possible:
            • By enabling “Use custom settings for history” choose to accept third party Cookies
                (always, from the most visited sites or never) and to conserve them for a determined
                period of time (until they expire, until I close Firefox or ask me every time)
            • Remove individual stored Cookies
Internet Explorer
    1. Click on the “Tools” button and select “Internet Options”
    2. Click on the “Privacy” tab and in the “Settings” section, move the slider to the desired action
        for Cookies:
            • Block all Cookies
            • Allow all Cookies
                                                                                                        6


                                                                                Last update: 15/07/2019
             •  Selecting which sites to allow Cookies from: move the cursor to an intermediate
                position in order neither to block nor allow all Cookies, then click on “Sites”, in the
                “Website address” insert a website then press “Block” or “Allow”
Safari
     1. Click on Safari, select Preferences and click on Privacy
     2. In the Block Cookies section specify how Safari must accept Cookies from websites.
     3. To view which websites have stored Cookies click on Details
In all cases, the user is advised to check his or her browser settings from time to time.
How to manage third party technologies via modifications to the settings when using third-
party services
Reply website (as indicated in the present document at the section “Third-party tracking technologies
for marketing/retargeting”) may install third-party tracking technologies: third parties have their own
privacy information that differs from the ones adopted by the Reply website and which are unrelated
to the latter.
Users can deny third-party tracking technologies already set on their browsers directly through the
following links to the websites of the involved Third-parties:
     •   Facebook
     •   LinkedIn
     •   Google
     •   Hotjar
Users are advised to take careful note of the information and policies regarding the use of cookies
produced by third parties and as stated above also in order to be aware of any modifications made
to them by the various suppliers independently of Reply.
This document will be updated at Reply discretion and whenever necessary in order to inform
about the modalities and purposes of the processing.
The updated version is available on the Reply website.
                                                                                                      7
