> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the replayphotos.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-03-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110319232556id_/http%3A//www.replayphotos.com/privacy.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Replay Photos: Privacy Policy

Replay Photos, LLC understands the importance of personal privacy, and wants to be certain that you understand the steps that will be taken to protect the confidentiality of the personal information (including credit card and address information) that is collected as a consequence of your use of this website. The privacy policy of Replay Photos, LLC is set forth below. This policy is subject to change by Replay Photos, LLC from time to time, and any such changes will be posted on this website.

When you visit this website, certain information will be collected automatically as part of the normal operation of this website, such as your e-mail address and web navigational information. Replay Photos will place a text file, commonly known as a "cookie", in the browser of your computer's hard drive. This cookie will allow Replay Photos to track certain information about activity on its website, including information about the browser or operating system you are using, and the referring URL and the URL of other websites that you visit. This information will assist Replay Photos in, among other things, recognizing repeat visitors and developing content to suit customers' interests. The cookies are stored on your hard drive, and not on the Replay Photos website, and most browsers are configured to allow you to decline or delete cookies. If you decide to decline or delete the cookie, you can still access the Replay Photos website, although you may find that the website does not function as smoothly as with the cookie.

Information from which you may be personally identified. This website will request certain registration information from you. This information will include data from which you can be personally identified, such as your name, address and other information. Additionally, the process of purchasing products from Replay Photos,LLC will require that personal identifiers such as your credit card number be provided. Replay Photos, LLC uses standard industry measures to protect the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information, including the use of "firewalls" and data encryption, devices to protect against unauthorized software revision, data security monitoring, and protection of the system from physical theft. Even with these efforts, Replay Photos, LLC cannot guarantee that the information you provide will be inaccessible to others given the current state of internet technology. While recognizing that limitation, Replay Photos, LLC believes that the measures that it has undertaken are sufficient to achieve its security objectives.

Personally identifiable information obtained from you through the registration/ordering fields may be used by Replay Photos, LLC, and by its contracted vendors of related services, as part of the processing of your order. Also, such information may be used to provide you with information about our services and to solicit your feedback, or to notify a licensor that you are among those individuals who have purchased a product licensed to Replay Photos by that particular licensor. Accordingly, your personally identifiable information may be shared by Replay Photos, LLC with third parties only 1) as necessary to process orders and improve customer service, 2) if the third party is one of the universities or other entities from whom Replay Photos, LLC has licensed a product purchased by you, or 3) pursuant to the description of "Other Possible Uses" below. Otherwise, Replay Photos, LLC will not share any of your personally identifiable information with any entity. By proceeding with your use of this website, you consent to the limited disclosure of your personally identifiable information as described above.

Information from which you cannot be personally identified. Replay Photos, LLC may prepare or gather information regarding the users of this website or the purchasers of its products in an anonymized or aggregated form which does not permit the person receiving it to identify any individual user or purchaser. Such data may be shared with or used by advertisers and other third parties. Replay Photos, LLC assures you that no specific information from which you can be identified (including your name, birth date, address, or any other information specific to you) will be included in the anonymized or aggregated data that may be shared with any third party. By proceeding with your use of this website, you consent to the use of such anonymized or aggregated data as described above.

Other possible uses. Replay Photos, LLC may in the future enter into a business transaction with another entity, such as a joint venture, merger or sale. By proceeding with your use of this website, you consent to the sharing by Replay Photos, LLC of information obtained from you through the registration/ordering process, on a confidential basis, as may be necessary to optimize the continuation of services or to permit a complete understanding of the nature of the business operated by Replay Photos, LLC. Any transaction partner with whom such information is shared will be required to maintain the confidentiality of any such information shared with it by Replay Photos, LLC. Replay Photos, LLC also reserves the right to disclose your personally identifiable information if it is required to do so by law or legal process, or if such disclosure is made in connection with law enforcement activities.
