> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the replicaestore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-02-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070222165254id_/http%3A//replicaestore.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Our Quality

At KingReplicas, your privacy and security is a top priority. Please read below for our complete privacy policy and security details.

**Privacy Policy:**  
KingReplicas has created this privacy statement as part of our commitment to protect the privacy and security of information obtained on-line concerning our customers and visitors to our Web site. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our web site. Using our web sites demonstrates your consent to the collection and use of information pursuant to KingReplicas disclosures in this policy statement.

Information collected and how used by KingReplicas

We collect log information that is not personally identifying and personal information you supply when purchasing a product offered at this Web site.

**Log Information:** Log information is collected through the use of a cookie. The log information is not personally identifying and is used in the aggregate by KingReplicas to measure popularity, traffic, and effectiveness of various areas of this web site and its overall performance. Additionally, if a visitor comes to our Web site from a banner ad, we use a cookie to monitor the advertisement tracking code that identifies from which banner ad the customer came. This information is used in determining the effectiveness of our Internet advertising campaigns.

**Personal Information:** KingReplicas collects personal information in order to provide certain services to its customers. For example, if you:  
Place a product order, KingReplicas will collect and use your name, address, phone number or e-mail address, and credit card information;  
Request promotional items, KingReplicas will collect and use your name and address, or e-mail address; KingReplicas will use the personal information you provide either for the fulfillment of the service request, i.e. sending your product order.

WE DO NOT SHARE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH ANY THIRD PARTIES.

**Cookies:**  
The term "cookie" refers to small text files that are transferred from a Web site to a visitor's computer hard drive to enable the host web site to track the visitor's activities while on the web-site. Cookies can enhance the service you receive at our site, however if your web browser is set to not accept cookies you will not have full access to all the features and elements of our web site and your browsing experience may be hindered. As mentioned earlier, KingReplicas also uses aggregate information generated by cookies to determine the effectiveness and popularity of our site.

**E-mail Communications:**  
KingReplicas occasionally uses e-mail to send announcements regarding new products, services, and/or promotions that would be of interest to our customers. You can choose to unsubscribe to KingReplicas e-mail lists at any time by visiting the OptOut link of this Web site.

**Questions?**  
We welcome any questions or comments you may have regarding the KingReplicas Privacy Policy. Please e-mail your questions or comments.
