> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the reprintarticles.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061231105947id_/http%3A//www.reprintarticles.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ReprintArticles.com - free reprint articles, free content for your ezines and websites

**ReprintArticles.com** respects your privacy. The terms of this Privacy Policy form part of and should be read in conjunction with the [_Terms of Service_](https://web.archive.org/web/20061231105947id_/http%3A//www.reprintarticles.com/tos.php), which governs this Website.

**ReprintArticles.com** will collect information generated by its webservers. This is for the assessment of our system's technical performance and for the enhancement of our service.

We will not collect sensitive information about you from anyone else without your consent.

We will use personal information you provide to us for the purpose of providing you with the service or product that you have requested.

We will not sell, rent, trade, share, reveal or disclose any of your personal information, unless

We may provide aggregate information and statistics about **ReprintArticles.com** 's customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to third parties, but these statistics will not include individual personal information.

**Cookies**

Cookies are pieces of information that a website can transfer to an individual's web browser on their computer hard drive for record keeping. Cookies can make using websites easier to use by storing information about your preferences on a particular website. The information remains on your computer after the Internet session finishes.

**ReprintArticles.com** uses cookies and other techniques to improve the functionality of its site and support all browsers.

**ReprintArticles.com** uses cookies to assess the performance of the Website and to confirm your preferences.

Most Internet browsers are pre-set to accept cookies. If you prefer not to receive cookies, you can adjust your Internet browser to refuse cookies or to warn you when cookies are being used.

**Data Security**

We at **ReprintArticles.com** take your privacy very seriously. We have practices that include the secure storage of personal information and safeguards against the accidental release of personal information.

If you have any concerns about your privacy and the use of the Website or any of **ReprintArticles.com** 's services or products, please contact Shery Ma Belle Arrieta-Russ at owner@reprintarticles.com.

**Changes to Privacy Policy**

If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post these changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
