> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the republic.co privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181229002751id_/https%3A//republic.co/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy — Republic

Nothing is more important to us than the trust of our users. 

This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes how, OpenDeal Inc. and its subsidiaries OpenDeal Portal LLC and Republic Crypto LLC (together “Republic,” “we,” “us,” or “our”), collect, use and disclose any personal information you provide to us when using the site, services, and applications offered by Republic (the “Services”) on and through https://republic.co (the “Site”). By accessing the Site or using the Services, you acknowledge and consent to our practices described below. Your access to the Site, use of the Services, this Privacy Policy and all defined terms used herein, are subject to and governed by our [Republic Portal Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms) and [RAS Terms of Service](https://advisory.republic.co/) (as applicable). 

We emphatically value the trust of our users. We are committed to protecting your privacy and preserving your trust. Please carefully review this Privacy Policy to learn about choices available to you regarding our use of your information. 

##  Information We Collect and How We Use It 

We collect information that may personally identify you (“Personally Identifiable Information”), such as when you sign up for an account on the Site, make an investment, provide payment instructions, fill out bank form information, comment on a part of the Site, provide your passport or identification-document, or provide us with access to your accounts on third-party sites (“Third-Party Sites”). The personal information collected from the Third-Party Sites may be used to register you on our Site and to provide some of our Services. You may be able to revoke our access to your account on the Third-Party Sites by updating the appropriate settings in the account preferences of the respective Third-Party Sites. You understand that certain features of our Site may not be available to you if you choose to remove our access to your account with the Third-Party Sites. 

Personally Identifiable Information may include, among other things, your email address, name, phone number, birthday, address, investment experience, and your educational or professional history. If you choose to invest through our Site, we will collect payment information from you, such as financial account information or card payment information, and we may collect information to verify your income or net-worth. Please note that we do not store your card payment information, but we do store other financial information. If you choose to add an investment entity to your account, we will also collect information about the entity. The decision to provide this information is optional; however, if you decide not to register or provide such information, you may not be able to use certain features of the Site or the Services. 

We may automatically collect information that does not identify an individual user, such as IP (internet protocol) address, ISP (internet service provider), the web browser used to visit the Site, the time the Site is visited, which web pages were visited on the Site, a mobile device-type identifier, and other anonymous Site usage data. We may use third-party analytics services which provide us with a clearer picture of how you use the Site, such as where you click on the Site, non-sensitive text entered into the Site, and mouse movements. 

We also may use cookies and web beacons. Most web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, certain features of the Site may not work if you delete or disable cookies. If you choose to make an account, we provide private messaging services between registered-users of the Site; while we do not monitor these messages, we will periodically select a few to review for compliance and audit purposes; therefore, you should assume any message you send through the Site may later be accessed by our staff or our regulators for compliance or audit purposes. 

##  How We Share and Use Your Information 

We may share information you provide to us amongst our affiliated entities. If the Services you use are exclusively provided by one of the entities, you have the right to limit the other affiliated entities from contacting you for marketing purposes (“Affiliate Marketing”), please see Your Choice About Your Information below for details. 

We provide the Personally Identifiable Information on a confidential basis to non-affiliated companies we engage as vendors or agents (i) to facilitate the Services provided on our site, such as escrow agents, transfer agents, counsels, advisors, accountants, banks and other financial service providers, and (ii) to service our operation, such as maintaining software or servers, designing or implementing marketing initiatives on our behalf, or conducting audit or testing of any aspect of our operation or Services. Information will be shared with such parties only to the extent reasonably necessary for them to perform services for us or on our behalf and pursuant to confidentiality obligations, or in response to information requests, subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, from law enforcement agencies, self-regulatory organizations, state, federal and foreign regulators. 

In addition to some of the specific uses of information we describe in this Privacy Policy, we may use information that we receive for the following: (i) to deliver and improve our Services; (ii) to manage your account and provide you with customer support; (iii) to perform research and analysis about your use of the Services; (iv) to develop, display, and track content and advertising tailored to your interests on the Services and other sites, including providing our advertisements to you when you visit other sites or mobile application; (v) to diagnose or fix technology problems; (vi) to automatically update the Services; (vii) to verify your identify and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity; (viii) to enforce or exercise any rights in our Terms of Service; (ix) to provide users with statistics on how they use the Site relative to other anonymous users, and (x) to perform functions or services as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. 

Republic does not sell any customer data to third-party firms. 

##  Information Provided in Discussion Forums 

Securities offerings on Republic’s Portal all include a publicly accessible discussion forum as well as an “investment reason” forum. Additionally, other pages on the Site allow for public comment and discussion (“Public Comment”). You should be aware that any information you provide in these forums may be read, collected, and used by the Site’s users and the general public. Information that you disclose in any of these forums is unencrypted, public information, and there is no expectation of privacy or confidentiality there; we reserve the right to use all Public Comments on the Site for marketing purposes. Please refrain from disclosing any Personally Identifiable Information about yourself or anyone else in these discussion forums. 

If you choose to post a Public Comment on the Site through whatever means provided by the Site, we may share that Public Comment through other channels, including through the Site’s social media presences, as we see fit. If you subsequently delete or make private your Public Comment, we will discontinue any subsequent use, but cannot retract previous re-publications of your previously Public Comment. 

If you choose to make your investment public (“Public Investment Notice”) through whatever means provided by the Site, we may share that “Public Investment Notice” through other channels, including through the Site’s social media presences, as we see fit. If you subsequently make your Public Investment Notice private, or withdraw such investment, we will discontinue any subsequent use, but cannot retract previous re-publications of your previously-public Public Investment Notice. 

Note also that in the ordinary course of internet activity, certain information may be sent from your browser to third parties such as advertising networks and analytics companies. Republic has no control over the information sent from your browser to those networks or other third parties and recommends that you ensure that your browser settings prevent the disclosure of information you would not like to share. 

##  Your Choices About Your Information 

You may decline to submit Personally Identifiable Information through the Services, in which case Republic may not be able to provide certain Services to you. In addition, you may update or correct your account information and email preferences at any time by logging into your account. If you would like us to remove or amend your Personally Identifiable Information from our database, please send a request to [team@republic.co](mailto:team@republic.co); please note, as many of the Services we provide are regulated, we will not be able to remove Personally Identifiable Information we are required to retain for audit purposes. 

When you sign up for our Services, we will send periodic emails to you regarding the Services or to tell you about services we believe will be of interest to you. You may choose to stop receiving our marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails. If you do not wish to receive Affiliate Marketing, or any marketing, in general, you may always opt out by accessing your [notification settings](https://republic.co/email/preferences). You can also opt out of promotional email communications at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in any email you receive from us, or you can contact us at [team@republic.co](mailto:team@republic.co). 

##  Your California Privacy Rights 

California’s “Shine The Light” law permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the Personally Identifiable Information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please emailing [team@republic.co](mailto:team@republic.co) or mail your request to:   
Republic, Legal Department, 335 Madison Ave, 7th Floor, New York, NY, 10017. 

##  Your European Union Privacy Rights 

Republic is pleased to have Users who reside in the European Union (“EU Users”). Republic has voluntarily adopted certain provisions from the European Union’s General Data Privacy Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”). By accessing this Site, EU Users; (i) agree to consent to the [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms) ; (ii) will be informed of any instance where Republic becomes aware of a data breach, when it is likely to result in a risk for EU Users rights and freedoms, notwithstanding that this provision shall in no way affect your inability to find the Company liable for the negligence of its employees, partners, agents, third-party providers or Content providers; (iii) will be able to request a copy of the personal data Republic collects, free of charge, in an electronic format that is “portable” (as defined by the GDPR), (iv) may contest the validity of the data the Company holds and ask for it to be amended; (v) will be able to request Republic remove their data from the Site pursuant to Section 17 of the GDPR, however due to Republic’s regulated status, while Republic may remove data from publicly searchable parts of the Site (i.e. mark said data as “restricted data”), however, by using the Services, you expressly agree to allow Republic to maintain all necessary data to meet its regulatory obligations, specifically to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and any other agency authorized by law to monitor and regulate Republic. 

EU Users should be aware that; (i) Republic requires all third-party data processors Republic uses to inform them of any instance they become aware of a data breach, when it is likely to result in a risk to your rights and freedoms; (ii) Republic makes appropriate inquiries into the data privacy protections and policies of all third-party providers Republic engages; (iii) Republic will not sell your data for marketing purposes and will not utilize your data for direct marketing; (iv) Republic’s Site is designed for data privacy and security. Republic is always working to improve its data privacy and protection mechanisms, both by monitoring existing policies, procedures and programs, as well as assessing and developing new ones. 

All requests associated with the above can be made by emailing [team@republic.co](mailto:team@republic.co) or mail your request to:   
Republic, Legal Department, 335 Madison Ave, 7th Floor, New York, NY, 10017. 

##  Changes of Control 

In the event a Republic entity mergers with another entity, is sold, or transfers its assets, we may disclose or transfer information we collect from you in connection with the negotiation and/or conclusion of such transaction. 

##  Changes to Our Privacy Policy 

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to this page. You should review this Privacy Policy regularly for changes. You can determine if changes have been made by checking the Effective Date below. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy means you consent to such changes. 

##  Security and Storage of Your Information 

We use commercially reasonable efforts to follow generally accepted standards to protect Personally Identifiable Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. When you enter sensitive information (such as bank account information) on our Site, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). From time to time, we review our security procedures to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware, however, that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is free of risk. Therefore, we cannot guarantee that your information will not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. We disclaim all responsibility and liability for unauthorized access to our servers and systems. 

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or is needed to provide you the Services and may retain your data after you discontinue use of the Services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, including to meet our regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. 

The Services are maintained in the United States of America. Although we welcome users from all over the world, by accessing the Services, you consent to and authorize the export of Personally Identifiable Information to the United States and its storage and use as specified in this Privacy Policy. Note the laws of the United States might not be as comprehensive or protective as laws in the country where you live. 

**Opt out of certain cookies tracking:** The Site uses tools to facilitate the collection of information. For example, the Site uses Google Analytics, if you wish to disable Google Analytics from all websites you visit (not limited to this Site), you can follow this [link.](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) You can read the other relevant privacy policies [here](https://fullstory.com/legal/privacy) , [here](https://mixpanel.com/privacy/) , [here](https://www.helpscout.net/company/privacy/) and [here.](https://rollbar.com/privacy/) Please contact us if you wish to opt out of any of the tools we use. Please note, we reserve the right to add more tools or disable tools and will update this Privacy Policy to reflect these changes. Your request to disable or your disabling of tools may limit your ability to access and utilize the Site. 

##  How to Contact Us 

If you have any questions about our practices or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [team@republic.co](mailto:team@republic.co)

##  Effective Date 

This Privacy Policy was last updated on November 20, 2018. 
