> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the howtofascinate.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180302090505id_/https%3A//www.howtofascinate.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | How to Fascinate

**Effective Date: August, 2012**

One of the best things about the **Fascination Advantage®** Assessment is that you can share the gift of YOU with others and the person who invites you gets to learn more about you. That is why so many of you get access to the **Fascination Advantage** Assessment upon invitation from employers, conference sponsors, friends and family. At the same time we want to make sure you understand and agree to our sharing of your **Fascination Advantage** Assessmen **t** results and personal identifying information (PII) with any third party (“Inviter”) from whom you received access to the **Fascination Advantage** Assessment. The personal Identification information that you, at any time, provide to **How To Fascinate®** may be shared with the Inviter(s) from whom you received access to the **Fascination Advantage** Assessment. The Inviter whom you authorize **How To Fascinate**  to share your personal identifying information includes, but is not limited to, any person, employer, conference sponsor, trainer, friend, relative, coach, governmental agency and others, and their employees, agents. To be clear: if you got took the **Fascination Advantage**  Assessment upon invitation from somebody or some entity they will be able to see the personal identifying information you provide to  **How To Fascinate**. This includes any invitation to the take the **Fascination Advantage** Assessment via any access method, including code, invitation link, and any paid or free **Fascination Advantage** Assessment access. The Inviter may have its own privacy policy regarding personal identifying information that differs from the **How To Fascinate** Privacy Policy. Be sure to know and consent to the Inviters Privacy Policy as well if you have concerns about the privacy of the information you hereby consent for us to provide to the Inviter. The information we provide to the inviter may include any and all information you provide to  **How To Fascinate** including but no limited to your name, address, phone number, email address as well as the **Fascination Advantage** Assessment results and report, and any and all other personal information that you, at any time, disclose to  **How To Fascinate**. If you do not fully understand this, call us, we are here to help. We will NOT disclose the information upon written request to [Hello@HowToFascinate.com](mailto:Hello@HowToFascinate.com). To be sure your personal identifying information is not shared with any Inviter, we suggest you write us before you take the **Fascination Advantage** Assessment.

The following Privacy Policy governs the online information collection practices of howtofascinate.com. ("we" or "us"). Specifically, it outlines the types of information that we gather about you while you are using the  **howtofascinate.com** site (the "Site"), and the ways in which we use this information. This Privacy Policy, including our children's privacy statement, does not apply to any information you may provide to us or that we may collect offline and/or through other means (for example, at a live event, via telephone, or through the mail).

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. By visiting and using the Site, you agree that your use of our Site, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Privacy Policy. Because the Web is an evolving medium, we may need to change our Privacy Policy at some point in the future, in which case we'll post the changes to this Privacy Policy on this website and update the Effective Date of the policy to reflect the date of the changes. By continuing to use the Site after we post any such changes, you accept the Privacy Policy as modified.

 **How We Collect and Use Information**

 _Personal Identification Data:_

We may collect and store personal or other information that you voluntarily supply to us online while using the Site (e.g., while on the Site or in responding via email to a feature provided on the Site). howtofascinate.com only contacts individuals who specifically request that we do so or in the event that they have signed up to receive our free newsletters or have purchased one of our products. We collect personally identifying information from our users during online registration and online purchasing. Generally, this information includes name and e-mail address for registration to receive our free newsletters and name, postal address, and credit card information when purchasing our products. All of this information is provided to us by you.

 _Automatically Generated Data:_

We also collect and store information that is generated automatically as you navigate online through the Site. For example, we may collect information about your computer's connection to the Internet, which allows us, among other things, to improve the delivery of our web pages to you and to measure traffic on the Site. We also may use a standard feature found in browser software called a "cookie" to enhance your experience with the Site. Cookies are small files that your web browser places on your hard drive for record-keeping purposes. By showing how and when visitors use the Site, cookies help us deliver advertisements, identify how many unique users visit us, and track user trends and patterns. They also prevent you from having to re-enter your preferences on certain areas of the Site where you may have entered preference information before. The Site also may use web beacons (single-pixel graphic files also known as "transparent GIFs") to access cookies and to count users who visit the Site or open HTML-formatted email messages.

Our website uses cookies. By using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.

What information do we collect?

We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:

  * information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, website navigation);
  * information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services;
  * information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us (including name, age, date of birth, address, contact number, email, payment or credit card information, username and password);
  * information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters; and
  * any other information that you choose to send to us.



To obtain these Tracking Data,  **How To Fascinate** uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help us analyze how users use the  **How To Fascinate** websites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the  **How To Fascinate** websites (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. On behalf of us, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the  **How To Fascinate** websites, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services relating to website activity. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of the  **How To Fascinate** Websites.

You can prevent Google's collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available underhttps://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en . In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, is the full IP address sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA.

Further information can be found under http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html (Google Analytics Terms of Service & Privacy).

Cookies placed by  **How To Fascinate**  will expire when the user terminates the website session or after a reasonable period of inactivity.

 _Assessment Data_

If you use our assessment tool while visiting this Site, you will be asked to provide certain information which we will use to generate results based on our proprietary technology. The data that you provide and the results of our assessment may be, under certain circumstances be shared with employers or third-parties if such parties specifically order the assessments. Your name will not be publicly disseminated to anyone other than you and the party arranging for the assessment without your specific consent.

By using our assessment tool, you acknowledge and agree that the content provided by you as well as the conclusions and assessment derived therefrom may be used by us for research, innovation, case studies, and commercial purposes (such as in speeches, articles, books, etc.) in our discretion. Your assessment data may be aggregated for research and comparison purposes. In certain circumstances, the assessment may have been ordered or arranged for by an employer or management consultant for a variety of purposes. The engagement of our company and the use of our assessment tool by an employer or third-party consultant is solely and wholly that party’s responsibility and the use of your data under such circumstances is subject such parties’ independent privacy policies which may be different than this policy.

We use the information we collect from you while you are using the Site in a variety of ways, including using the information to customize features, improve our assessment tool and advertising that appear on the Site. We also may provide your personally identifying and automatically generated information to third parties, such as marketing partners, service providers and contractors for a variety of purposes. Unless you inform us in accordance with the process described below, we reserve the right to use, and to disclose to third parties, all of the information collected from and about you while you are using the Site in any way and for any purpose, such as to enable us or a third party to provide you with information about products and services. If you do not wish your information to be used for these purposes, you must send a letter to the Online Privacy Coordinator whose address is listed at the end of this Privacy Policy requesting to be taken off any lists of information that may be used for these purposes or that may be given or sold to third-parties.

Please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily make your personal information available for viewing by third parties online - for example on message boards, web logs, through email, or in chat areas - that information can be seen, collected and used by others besides us. We cannot be responsible for any unauthorized third-party use of such information.

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may use cookies and action tags to measure advertising effectiveness. You can still decide whether you want to accept these cookies. Adjust your browser settings to prevent the reception of third-party cookies, or to provide notification whenever such a third-party cookies are sent to you.

Some of our third-party advertisers and ad servers that place and present advertising on the Site also may collect information from you via cookies, web beacons or similar technologies. These third-party advertisers and ad servers may use the information they collect to help present their advertisements, to help measure and research the advertisements' effectiveness, or for other purposes. The use and collection of your information by these third-party advertisers and ad servers is governed by the relevant third-party's privacy policy and is not covered by our Privacy Policy. Indeed, the privacy policies of these third-party advertisers and ad servers may be different from ours. If you have any concerns about a third party's use of cookies or web beacons or use of your information, you should visit that party's website and review its privacy policy.

The Site also includes links to other websites and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we do not control. When you access another website or purchase third-party products or services through the Site, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting or the provider of such products or services.

We may also make some content, products and services available through our Site through cooperative relationships with third-party providers, where the brands of our provider partner appear on the Site in connection with such content, products and/or services. We may share with our provider partner any information you provide, or that is collected, in the course of visiting any pages that are made available in cooperation with our provider partner. In some cases, the provider partner may collect information from you directly, in which cases the privacy policy of our provider partner may apply to the provider partner's use of your information. The privacy policy of our provider partners may differ from ours. If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of one of our provider partners, you should contact the provider partner directly for more information.

Be aware that we may occasionally release information about our visitors when release is appropriate to comply with law or to protect the rights, property or safety of users of the Site or the public.

Please also note that as our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that we sell some or all of our assets, or one or more of our websites is acquired by another company, information about our users may be among the transferred assets.

 **Children's Privacy Statement**

This children's privacy statement explains our practices with respect to the online collection and use of personal information from children under the age of thirteen, and provides important information regarding their rights under federal law with respect to such information.

  * This Site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we do NOT knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site. We screen users who wish to provide personal information in order to prevent users under the age of thirteen from providing such information. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of thirteen as part of the Site, we will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site.
  * Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site, we also do NOT knowingly distribute such information to third parties.
  * We do NOT knowingly allow children under the age of thirteen to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information through the Site.
  * Because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen as part of the Site, we do NOT condition the participation of a child under thirteen in the Site's online activities on providing personally identifiable information.



 **How do we store your information?**

Your information is stored at the list server that delivers our emails and data. Your information can only be accessed by those who help manage those lists in order to deliver e-mail to those who would like to receive howtofascinate.com data.

All of the emails that are sent to you by howtofascinate.com include an unsubscribe link in them. You can remove yourself at any time from our newsletters or mailing list by clicking on the unsubscribe link that can be found in every communicaiton that we send you...

 **Disclaimer**

Although it is highly unlikely, This policy may be changed at any time at our discretion. If we should update this policy, we will post the updates to this page on our Website.

If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policy please direct them to:

[Contact us](https://web.archive.org/contact-us)

 **Terms and Conditions**

Please also visit our [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-service) section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.

I understand and affirmatively consent to the use of my information in the following manner. Information I provide by my participation in the _Fascination Advantage Assessment_ becomes and is the proprietary property of How To Fascinate. How To Fascinate may use this information in connection with presentations _using Fascination Advantage_ , research on the information and the Fascination Advantage, and in providing services, or otherwise. I understand that if this information is disclosed by How To Fascinate publicly as part of its research or presentation, it will be edited to not identify me individually or to link me with my responses or otherwise identify me as being associated with this information. Except that I also understand, and agree that, How To Fascinate may also disclose this information to its affiliated or related entities, or other third parties, including, without limitation, in research or publications related to this assessment, derivatives works based on this assessment, or in connection with the provision of services.

I also understand and consent that my responses to the Fascination Advantage assessment are the basis for determining my individual _Fascination Advantage_ Archetype and profile. I understand and agree that How To Fascinate will, disclose and share Assessment results identified to me with whomever invited me to take the Assessment, including as a free gift or as part of a conference, work activity, promotion and that my identity will be associated with my profile, and both my identity and my profile may be shared with the said person or entity including certain assessment coordinators, system administrators, or session facilitators, and session audiences, along with management or leadership of How To Fascinate or its clients in this context. Further, I understand that it is possible that the disclosure of my responses to this assessment or of my Fascination Advantage Archetype or profile, may be required by law, in which case How To Fascinate will take reasonable steps to notify me and release my information upon request from appropriate legal authorities.

If you no longer wish for your results, responses or information to be displayed, used or disseminated in accordance with the above you must immediately ask us to delete your personal information and data from How To Fascinate records. To do so just email us at [Hello@HowToFascinate.com](mailto:Hello@HowToFascinate.com) and ask us to delete all or part of your identifying information, results or responses from our records.
