> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the howtopronounce.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-09-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070914030140id_/http%3A//www.howtopronounce.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - How To Pronounce Wine Names Book

Privacy Policy  
Welcome to the "How To Pronounce" website "Site" owned by Luminosa Publishing. ("Luminosa" "Our" or "We") or affiliates, located at 7660 Fay Ave., La Jolla, CA 92037. Guests or Members ("Guest" or "Member", "You", "Your") can also contact Luminosa by e-mail at info@howtopronounce.com. It is important that You to feel comfortable with searching and exchanging information while visiting this Site and Luminosa is fully committed to ensuring that Your privacy is respected and protected. By visiting this Site as a Guest or Member, You signify Your acceptance of this statement ("Privacy Policy", "Policy") with respect to data collection and use. This information is typically collected from the server log files and from cookies.   
Personally Identifiable Information:   
Luminosa does track how Guests use this Site so that there is a better understanding of what You like and don't like, and therefore provide better ongoing service. When the term "Personally Identifiable Information" is used in this document, it means any information that can be used to identify or contact You or a specific individual. Personal information about You may also be collected via registration for contests, surveys and E-Card (Electronic Postcard) submission. For instance, a Guest may choose to become a Member of this Site in order to participate in certain activities or enjoy special benefits that are offered only to Members. To become a Member, Guests are required to sign in by providing their name and e-mail address or other personal information. Becoming a Member provides You only certain information access opportunities. When You place an order, You will be asked for Your contact information, that is, Your name, phone number, shipping address, and e-mail address. The information You provide is used for processing and fulfilling Your order and for contacting You if there is a problem processing Your order. If an advertiser or partner wishes to offer free samples, or provide information about products and services, and to do so requires personally identifiable information, You will be provided with the ability to "opt-in" or "opt-out" of such promotions. Luminosa has contracted with one or more credit card processing companies, and distributors or resellers to assist in processing Your payment, or to take Your order directly. Please see the privacy policy of each of those company's regarding their use of credit card processing information.   
Information about Children:   
We encourage parents to take an active interest in their children's use of the Internet. We do not intend to collect information from children who are under the age of 13. If you are under 13, you should not provide information on this Site and should ask your parent to do so for you. If We discover that We have received information from a person under 13 years of age, it will be deleted and not used for any purpose. It is Your choice to opt-in or opt-out: If You wish to take advantage of special services, Luminosa may require information from You. If You ask to be notified when products are restocked, or send a friend a free e-card, You will be asked for your e-mail address. If You are no longer interested in newsletters or other special announcements, You may opt-out of receiving these notices at any time by emailing Luminosa at info@howtopronounce.com with "remove" or "unsubscribe" in the subject line of the e-mail. Aggregate Information: Aggregate information describes a general category of anonymous statistical information about visitors to this Site, such as demographics, the use of a particular browser or search engine to find this Site, or purchase categories such as books or other products. Luminosa analyzes and aggregates information about use patterns and may share the aggregated data with its affiliates. An example would be to track how many users see and click on particular advertisements. Links to other sites: This Site provides links and pointers to web sites not maintained by Luminosa. We provide these links as a convenience to Our Guests, but do not own, operate, endorse or control those other websites and We disclaim any responsibility or liability for the information, products or services of those sites. Please see the privacy policy for each of those sites. Errors or Interruptions:   
We do not make any warranties or representations that Our Site, or any linked site, will function without errors, interruptions, defects or viruses, nor do We warrant or represent that We can make prompt corrections if this Site is not functioning properly. Changes to Privacy Policy:   
We may make changes to Our Privacy Policy from time to time, and will notify Our Members when We make any significant changes that may adversely affect the use of any personally identifiable information. We will not make new use of any personally identifiable information gathered from individual Members or Guests prior to any such significant change in our Privacy Policy without first obtaining the Member's or Guest's consent for any new uses. In addition, We reserve the right to without notice make at any time minor changes to our Privacy Policy that will not affect Our use of a Guest's or Member's personally identifiable information. We encourage You to periodically review our Privacy Policy to be sure You are familiar with the most current version indicated by the date in which any revision has been made. Please note that this Privacy Policy is also incorporated into the Terms of Use for this Site. Electronic E-cards and Postcards: Luminosa may or may not offer the ability to send an electronic postcard to another person. If You use this service, We will ask You for your e-mail address and will use the recipient's e-mail address in order to send the postcard. Each e-mail address may be stored so that We can retrieve the postcard. We do not use the recipient's e-mail address for any other purpose unless such recipient gives us permission to do so. Exceptions: Luminosa does not sell or otherwise share Personally Identifiable Information with third parties without Your consent except in the following instances: (1) when required by applicable law or pursuant to a court order or government investigation, (2) as deemed necessary, in our discretion, to prevent personal injury, and/or (3) in the event Luminosa is required to transfer Personally Identifiable Information to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, assignment, joint venture or other transfer or disposition of a portion or all of the assets or stock of Luminosa or its affiliated entities (including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). In addition, We reserve the right to allow access to our systems by third parties providing necessary technical services when such access is required in order to provide those services.   
Contact Information:   
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or anything else about Luminosa, or the products or services offered on this Site, then please contact us at: info@howtopronounce.com. 

© Copyright 2002-2006 Luminosa Publishing, Website Design Diana Bellucci   
[contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20070914030140id_/http%3A//www.howtopronounce.com/contact-us/index.html) \- [privacy policy](https://web.archive.org/web/20070914030140id_/http%3A//www.howtopronounce.com/privacy-policy.html) \- [terms of use](https://web.archive.org/web/20070914030140id_/http%3A//www.howtopronounce.com/terms-of-use.html) \- [resources](https://web.archive.org/web/20070914030140id_/http%3A//www.howtopronounce.com/wine-cellar-gift-resources.html) \- [wine gifts site map](https://web.archive.org/web/20070914030140id_/http%3A//www.howtopronounce.com/wine-cellar-gift-site-map/index.html)  
---  
[](http://www.web-stat.com/stats/dbellucci.htm)
