> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the howtolearn.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161105105013id_/http%3A//www.howtolearn.com/about/copyright-privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Copyright/Privacy Policy | HowToLearn.com

Copyright - Registered Trademark

HowToLearn.com is contains a registered trademark with the United States Patent and Trademark Office as well as several copyrights on information and materials on this website. You may not copy, duplicate in any way, or use the information or materials on our website without our express written permission. You may however, link to our site from yours should you feel there is information that is o high quality for your visitors.

Privacy

HowToLearn.com respects your privacy and will only send you information that you ask for specifically, including products, learning tips, information about membership in any of our programs, and newsletters, teleseminar information, etc. At the bottom of each item you receive from us via email or inside the membership site, you have the option to change or opt out of any communications. As with all websites, we use small files called cookies to keep track of our traffic, although we don’t collect personal information during that process – it is automated. We protect all your personal credit card information through a variety of security measures, and when you purchase a product or service, the item goes through a Verisign-protected shopping cart and a shopping cart company called 1shoppingcart. The safety steps are validated on a regular basis by an organization affiliated with our credit card processing company and we must pass their certification.  As part of our website services and in our newsletters, we sometimes send information that is related to an affiliate, partner or referral programs which we are part of and believe in.  When you click through any link on our site that takes you to another site, that site has their own privacy policies. When you use our site, you are agreeing to our privacy policy. Should our company sell the HowtoLearn.com website or any of its components to another company, our email subscriber list, to which you subscribed, or membership site to which you subscribed, will accompany the sale to the other company. When you submit comments following articles you agree not to submit spam of any kind, but only relevant content related to the article or blog post. Further, we have experts on our site who contribute what we consider to be high quality information to our visitors and who also respond to your questions. At the point they reply to your questions, we are not responsible for their answers and make no claims about what they may say to you. Should there be information provided by anyone or any article on our website, it is not construed to be medical advice of any kind or intended to cure any illness, disability of any kind, or disease. It is provided for informational purposes only.
