> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cgg.gov.in privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121205043053id_/http%3A//cgg.gov.in/privacy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome

Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. As we gather certain types of information about the users of the CGG's website, we wish to ensure that you fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the capture and use of that information. This privacy statement discloses what information we gather and how we use it. If you are merely browsing CGG's site, we do not collect any personal information regarding your usage of the site. However, if you register for an e-mail, subscribe to any publications or are part of the users uploading contents on the site from a source outside CGG, etc., you may be asked for personal information, such as your name and e-mail address. When you register, CGG sets a cookie, a small bit of code stored on your hard drive. By setting this cookie CGG will remember you the next time you visit and would not bother you by asking questions you have already answered (like address information). In addition, CGG also records your IP address, which is the Internet address of your computer, and information such as your browser type and operating system. This information helps us learn about the geographical distribution of our website visitors and the technology they use to access our site. This information is never connected with the personal information you supply to us if you register on our website. Registering on our site is optional. If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still use the CGG web site. However, you will not be able to subscribe to mails, newsletters, upload contents, subscribe to publications, etc., If you register for any purpose CGG will not share, sell or distribute your information to anyone. CGG employs a range of technologies to protect the information maintained on our systems from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction. If you have any questions or concerns about the CGG's Privacy Policy, please contact us at [info@cgg.gov.in](mailto:info@cgg.gov.in). 
