> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tiffanybluenikeau.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-09-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130924000208id_/http%3A//www.tiffanybluenikeau.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Notice : Nike Free Run Cheap,Tiffany Nike Free,Tiffany Blue Nike,Nike Free Run 2 Australia

tiffanybluenikeau.com will never share your personal information with another party. All information you provide when you make a order is processed through a secure payment processor. Your payment info(credit card, etc) is never shown to anyone. Not even us. We will also never give your email address away to any other company. None of your other information will ever be given away. Unless you tell us not to, we may use your personally identifiable information to contact you about offers or promotions we think you would be interested in. If you do not want to receive this information, indicate that we may not do so at the point where you give us your personally identifiable information. You may also login to your account at anytime to update your preferences.

Cookies

A cookie is a small data file that is placed on your computer's hard drive that may contain information (such as a unique user ID) that a Web site may use to track certain things. We use cookies in order to improve your shopping experience. The cookie helps us track the pages of the Site that you visit, tells us whether you have been to the Site before and tells us which Web site you visited immediately before visiting the Site, but does not tell us about your use of any other Web sites. Sometimes advertisers and other third parties on the Site may also use cookies. You can keep us from using cookies by turning them off in your browser. However, if you turn off your cookies then you will not be enabled to make purchases from the Site or to access your account information.
