> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 501.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081217075840id_/http%3A//eu.levi.com/en_GB/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Levis - Privacy Policy

LS&CO. Europe collects information voluntarily provided from our consumers through our websites, 800 numbers, retail locations, registration cards, and any other points of personal data gathering. For example, when you sign up to receive emails from us, enter a contest, or place an order from our online store or make an in-store purchase, we collect and store some or all of the following information that you provide: name, billing address, shipping address, email address, telephone number, credit card number and expiration date. This information is used to administer contests or marketing promotions, to provide the products and services that you have ordered or requested, to process and ship orders, to send order and shipping confirmations and to provide customer service. Some of this information also may be used to contact you about sales, special offers, and new site features, if you have opted to receive promotional communications. We do not require personal information to obtain general access to any of our websites. The information collected is used to improve our services to you and to better serve your buying needs.

We also automatically collect and store certain other information to enable us to analyze and improve our websites and to provide our customers with a fulfilling online experience. For example, we collect your IP address, browser information and reference site domain name every time you visit our site. We also collect information regarding customer traffic patterns and site usage.

Like many websites, we use "cookies", which are files stored on your computer's hard drive by your browser. Cookies help us to identify account holders and to optimize their shopping experience. Cookies also allow us to hold selections in a shopping cart when a user leaves this website without checking out. Most browsers accept cookies automatically but allow you to disable them. We recommend that you leave cookies "turned on" so that we can offer you a better shopping experience on this website.

We also may collect and store information about you that we receive from other sources, to enable us to update and correct the information contained in our database and to provide product recommendations and special offers that we think will interest you.
