> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ezvid.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170210113202id_/https%3A//www.ezvid.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# www.ezvid.com | Privacy Policy

**LINKS TO MERCHANTS FROM THIS WEBSITE**  
Ezvid is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, Walmart Affiliates, the Ebay Partner Program, Target Affiliates, and other affiliate advertising programs designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to merchant websites. When you click links from our website to these and other merchants and make purchases, we may be compensated. This will not increase your purchase price, which will be the same as any direct visitor to the merchant’s website. 

**PRODUCTS RECOMMENDED ON THIS WEBSITE**  
Information provided by Ezvid is general in nature and is not intended to be a substitute for professional advice. All reviews of third party products and services are provided as journalistic opinions only. 

All information is provided “as is.” While we try to provide accurate information, we make no claims, promises, or guarantees about the accuracy or completeness of the information provided by Ezvid. Information provided by Ezvid may be altered at any time without notice. Ezvid disclaims any responsibility associated with the general information it provides on any of its pages.

Visitors use Ezvid content solely at their own risk. In no event shall Ezvid be liable to any third party for damages related to using or not using its content whether claims are advanced on contract, tort, or other legal theories.

Ezvid does not endorse any product, service, seller, or provider mentioned in any of its articles or associated advertisements.

**THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING**  
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when users visit our site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, check out [this page](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)

**GOOGLE ANALYTICS**  
Portions of this website use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by choosing the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

**WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?**  
We collect information using Google Analytics (see above), and if you join our email mailing list, we collect only your email address. If choose to use our contact form, you may be asked to enter your e-mail address and optional information about your usage of Ezvid, to help us troubleshoot your Ezvid installation.

**HOW DO WE USE THE INFORMATION GATHERED?  
**

TO SEND PERIODIC E-MAILS  
If you join our email mailing list, you may receive updates pertaining to Ezvid. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future e-mails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each e-mail.

TO HELP YOU TROUBLESHOOT EZVID  
If you enter information into our “report a problem” contact form, we will use this information confidentially, and only for the purposes of improving your user experience with Ezvid and helping us improve Ezvid.

**HOW DO WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION?  
**We implement security measures that meet or exceed current federal standards to protect the safety of your personal information when you submit information on our website, but please be aware that no system of transmitting data over the internet can be guaranteed as 100% secure.

**DO WE DISCLOSE INFORMATION TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?**  
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personally identifiable information to outside parties. However, this does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or providing service to our customers, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect the rights, property, or safety of ourselves or others. Non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

**THIRD-PARTY LINKS**  
Occasionally, we may include links to third-party sites on our website. These sites have separate and independent privacy policies and we therefore hold no responsibility or liability for the content and activity of these linked sites.

**ADVERTISING**  
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when you visit our website. These companies will NOT have access to or use any personally identifiable information (including your name, address, email address or telephone number) but will use other non-personal information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on this website, other sites, and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click [here](http://networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp). 

**ONLINE PRIVACY POLICY**  
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information provided offline. By using our site, you consent to our website’s privacy policy. We reserve the right to make changes to this policy at any time, in which instance such changes will be reflected on this page. It is the responsibility of the site visitor to review the current privacy policy on the date of site engagement.

**CONTACT**  
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us:

Ezvid Inc.  
6130 Glen Alder St.  
Los Angeles CA 90068  
info@ezvid.com

Copyright © 2017 Ezvid, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
