> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the atera.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606180703id_/https%3A//www.atera.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Atera Privacy Policy

This is the privacy policy (“ **Privacy Policy** ”) that governs how we, Atera Networking Ltd. (“ **Atera** ”, “ **we** ”, “ **our** ” or “ **us** ”), use Personal Information (defined below) that we collect, receive and store about individuals in connection with the use of the website [www.atera.com](http://www.atera.com/), and any other website that we operate (each, together with its sub-domains, content and services, a “ **Site** ”), and Atera’s Cloud IT Management Service, including without limitation, any software or optional products or services offered or made available to you as part of Atera’s Cloud IT Management Service (together with all Sites, the “ **Services** ”).

**1\. Introduction.** We have implemented this Privacy Policy because your privacy, and the privacy of other users, is important to us. This Privacy Policy explains our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your Personal Information is collected and used in connection with the Services. “ **Personal Information** ” means any information that may be used, either alone or in combination with other information, to personally identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, a personal profile, an email address, a home or other physical address, or other contact information.

**2\. Terms of Use.** This Privacy Policy forms part of our Terms of Use which is available at [www.atera.com/terms-of-use](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-use) (“ **Terms** ”). Any capitalized but undefined term in this Privacy Policy shall have the meaning given to it in the Terms

**3\. Consent and Modification.** You are not legally obligated to provide us Personal Information, and you hereby confirm that providing us Personal Information is at your own free will. By using the Services, you consent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and to our collection, processing and sharing of Personal Information for the purposes set forth herein. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not access or otherwise use the Services. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Such change will be effective ten (10) days following posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Services, and your continued use of the Services thereafter means that you accept those changes.

**4\. What Personal Information We Collect and How We Collect It.** We do not currently require you to provide Personal Information in order to have access to general information available on the Services. However, we do receive and/or collect Personal Information from you in the following ways: 

4.1 _Account_ In order to use certain products or services that we offer as part of the Services, you may be required to create an account (“ **Account** ”). If you create an Account you will be required to provide us with certain information, such as your name, email address, the name of your company, and the number of technicians who will use the service, , as well as a username and password that you will use for your Account (“Account Information”). We may also enable you to provide additional Personal Information as part of the Account registration process and in connection with your ongoing use of your Account. We may send an e-mail to the e-mail address you submit to confirm your registration. If you choose not to create an Account, you may not be able to access or use certain features of the Site and Services, including without limitation, Atera’s Cloud IT Management Service. 

4.2 _‘Contact Us’ Information._ If you send us a “Contact Us” request, whether by submitting an online form that we make available or by sending an email to an email address that we display, you may be required to provide us with certain information such as your name, the name of your company, your email address, and your phone number.

4.3 _Purchases._ The Services may include the option to purchase certain products or services from us (such as a subscription to Atera’s Cloud IT Management Service, or additional features offered as part of the Cloud IT Management Service). If you choose to make a purchase, you must provide account and billing information, invoice related information, and other data required to process the order. We may also update such data should you grant us permission to bill you or your credit card for recurring charges, such as monthly or other types of periodic payments. We may use the tools, software or services of third-party service providers to process transactions on our behalf, in which case you acknowledge and agree to review and be bound by the terms of use and privacy policy of said third-party service provider. We currently engage BlueSnap, Inc. to process transactions on our behalf. BlueSnap’s use of information you may provide in connection with such transactions is governed by BlueSnap’s privacy policy, available at <http://home.bluesnap.com/ecommerce/legal/privacy-policy>. 

4.4 _Log Files._ We may make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, clicked pages and any other information your browser may send to us. We may use such information to analyze trends, administer the Services, track users’ movement around the Services, and gather demographic information. 

4.5 _Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies._ Our Site may utilize "cookies", anonymous identifiers and other tracking technologies, such as “clear GIFs” (also known as “web beacons”), in order to for us to provide our Services and present you with information that is customized for you. A "cookie" is a small text file that may be used, for example, to collect information about activity on the Services. Certain cookies sent to your browser and other technologies may serve to recall Personal Information, such as an IP address, previously indicated by a user. Most browsers allow you to control cookies, including whether or not to accept them and how to remove them. However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. We may use clear GIFs to anonymously track online usage patterns of users and in e-mails we may send to users to track which e-mails are opened. 

4.6 _Analytics Tools._ We may use analytical tools, including without limitation, “Google Analytics,” “MixPanel,” and “HotJar,” to collect information about use of the Services (“Analytics Tools”). Analytics Tools collect information such as how often users visit the Services, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other websites they used prior to coming to the Services. We use the information we receive from Analytics Tools to maintain and improve the Services and our other products and services. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your access and use of the Service is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Service, available at <http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html>, and the Google Privacy Policy, available at <http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/>. You may learn more about how Google collects and processes data specifically in connection with Google Analytics at <http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/>. You may prevent your data from being used by Google Analytics by downloading and installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. Mixpanel’s use of information is set forth in the “Privacy Policy” section of its Terms of Use available at [https://mixpanel.com/terms/](https://mixpanel.com/terms/). You may opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data at [https://mixpanel.com/optout/](https://mixpanel.com/optout/). HotJar’s use of information is governed by its privacy policy, available at [https://www.hotjar.com/privacy](https://www.hotjar.com/privacy). HotJar provides opt-out instructions for certain, or all, of its data collection at [https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out](https://www.hotjar.com/opt-out).

**5\. The Way We Use Personal Information.** If you submit or we collect Personal Information through the Services, then we may use such Personal Information in the following ways, via any applicable communication channel, including e-mail, SMS, etc.:

5.1 We will use your Personal Information to provide and improve our Services, to send you marketing/advertisement communications that we believe may be of interest to you, to contact you in connection with the Services and certain programs or offerings that you may have registered for, and to identify and authenticate your access to the parts of the Site that you are authorized to access. 

5.2 We may use your designated email address to: (i) send you updates or news regarding the Services and our products; and/or (ii) respond to a “Contact Us” or administrative request (for example, to change your password).

5.3 We may transfer your Personal Information to our local or foreign subsidiaries or affiliated companies for the purpose of storing or processing such information on our behalf. Such information may be transferred to other countries. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our Privacy Policy. 

5.4 We may share your Personal Information with our third party service providers and partners, but only to assist us with our business operations and to provide the Services to you and other users. Such information may be transferred to other countries. We use commercially reasonable efforts to only engage or interact with third party service providers and partners that post a privacy policy governing their processing of Personal Information. 

5.5 We may disclose your Personal Information or any information you submitted via the Services if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to: (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request; (ii) enforce our Terms, including investigations of potential violations thereof; (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud or security issues; or (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Atera, our users, yourself or the public.

**6\. Use of Anonymous Information.** We, and our licensors and third-party service providers, may use Anonymous Information (as defined below) or disclose it to our third party service providers in order to improve our Services and enhance your experience with the Services. We may also disclose Anonymous Information (with or without compensation) to third parties, including advertisers and partners. “Anonymous Information” means information about your use of the Service and information you submit when using the Service (including Add-On Service and third-party services provided to us in order to provide the Service to you) which does not enable identification of an individual user, such as aggregated information about the use of our Services.

**7\. Opting Out.** You may choose not to receive future promotional, advertising, or other Services-related emails from us by selecting an unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email that we send. Please note that even if you opt out of receiving the foregoing emails, we may still send you a response to any “Contact Us” request as well as administrative emails (for example, in connection with a password reset request) that are necessary to facilitate your use of the Services.

**8\. Choice.** At all times, you may choose whether or not to provide or disclose Personal Information. If you choose not to provide mandatory Personal Information, you may still visit parts of the Services, but you may be unable to access certain options, programs, offers, and services that involve our interaction with you. 

**9\. Access/Accuracy.** Access/Accuracy. To the extent that you do provide us with Personal Information, we wish to maintain accurate Personal Information. If you would like to delete or correct any of your other Personal Information that we may be storing, you may submit an access request by sending an email to [privacy@atera.com](mailto:privacy@atera.com). Your email should include adequate details of your request.

**10\. Links to and Interaction with Third Party Products.** The Services may enable you to interact with, or contain links to, other third party websites, mobile software applications and services that are not owned or controlled by us (each a “Third Party Service”). We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Third Party Services. Please be aware that Third Party Services may collect Personal Information from you. Accordingly, we encourage you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of each Third Party Service that you choose to use or interact with.

**11\. Children’s Privacy.** The Services are not structured to attract children under the age of 13 years. Accordingly, we do not intend to collect Personal Information from anyone we know to be under 13 years. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under 13 years, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any such information, please contact us at [privacy@atera.com](mailto:privacy@atera.com). 

**12\. Security.** The security of Personal Information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards, including the use of appropriate administrative, physical and technical safeguards, to protect the Personal Information submitted to us. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use reasonable acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security or confidentiality. If you have any questions about security on the Services, you can contact us at [contact@atera.com](mailto:contact@atera.com). 

**13\. Merger, Sale or Bankruptcy.** In the event that we are acquired by or merged with a third party entity, or in the event of bankruptcy or a comparable event, we reserve the right to transfer or assign Personal Information in connection with the foregoing events. 

**14\. California Privacy Rights.** California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@atera.com. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.

**14\. California Do Not Track Notice.** We do not track consumers over time and across third party websites and therefore do not respond to Do Not Track signals. We do not allow third parties to collect personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across different web sites when a consumer uses the Service. 

**15\. Deletion of Content from California Residents.** If you are a California resident under the age of 18 and a registered user, California Business and Professions Code Section 22581 permits you to remove content or Personal Information you have publicly posted. If you wish to remove such content or Personal Information and you specify which content or Personal Information you wish to be removed, we will do so in accordance with applicable law. Please be aware that after removal you will not be able to restore removed content. In addition, such removal does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or Personal Information you have posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require us to enable removal of content.

**16\. Commitment.** We are committed to protecting your privacy. Protecting your privacy online is an evolving area, and we are constantly evolving our Service to meet these demands. If you have any comments or questions regarding our Privacy Policy, or your Personal Information that we may be storing and using, please contact us at [contact@atera.com](mailto:contact@atera.com). 

**Last updated: July, 2016**
