> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ucpress.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140524190547id_/http%3A//www.ucpress.edu/about.php%3Fp%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - University of California Press

This website is owned and operated by University of California Press, on behalf of the Regents of the University of California (“UC Press”, “we”, “our”, or “us”).  This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains to our customers and visitors (“you”, “your”) how we collect, use and disclose personal information that we obtain through this website.

UC Press is committed to protecting the privacy and accuracy of your personally identifiable information to the extent possible, subject to provisions of state and federal law. Other than as required by laws that guarantee public access to certain types of information, or in response to subpoenas or other legal instruments that authorize disclosure, personally identifiable information is not disclosed without your consent.  We take reasonable steps to maintain the security, integrity and privacy of any information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

**Data Collection:**  UC Press may collect personal information during the login process used to access certain portions of our website or to use other functions or features, as noted.  We may collect and use personally identifiable information including, but not limited to, the following: name, address, phone number, fax number, email address, employer, title, user ID and password, course information, credit card information, and IP address.  Any demographic information we request is generally used in aggregate form for various analyses conducted by UC Press regarding our website and related materials.

**Use of Information Collected on UC Press’s Site:**  We use personal information to provide the highest quality of service to our customers, prospects, and general visitors to this website.  This may include using and reporting of de-identified, anonymous, aggregated data.  In addition to the specific purposes for which we collect certain data, as described further in this Privacy Policy, UC Press may collect personal information so that we can contact you, provide materials to you upon your request, keep you posted on new products and services, track your orders, register you, send relevant messages via email or postal mail, or for any other purpose identified when personal information is collected.  Our website provides a way to indicate that you do not wish to receive these messages in which case we will remove your information from the appropriate list.  

**Shopping cart/Examination/Desk Copy Request Form:**  Both our online Shopping Cart and our Examination/Desk Copy Request Form use your email address to track your order.  This allows us to automatically send you a receipt and a shipping confirmation electronically, and to contact you in case of a problem or a need for more information to process your order.  We reserve the right to send you periodic communications for marketing and promotional purposes.  When you order from us, we may ask you at the end of your order if you would like to receive eNews email (see below), but you will not be signed up automatically for eNews.  You will need to manually click the indicated link, choose one or more product categories, and then submit a form to get signed up for eNews updates.

**eNews:**  Our eNews email messages are based on an opt-in system, and such notification will be conducted in conformance with University of California and campus policies implementing anti-spam laws (<http://www.ucop.edu/irc/policy/antispam.pdf>).  If you received such a message from us, someone using that address signed up to receive our messages.  If you are the owner of this account and did not sign up, you may remove your email address by clicking the unsubscribe link at the bottom of the eNews email.  This will permanently remove your address from UC Press’s email distribution list unless you choose to join again later.

If you have any trouble, please contact us and we will resolve your issue as quickly as possible.  

**Referrals/Recommendations:**  If you receive an email from us marked “Tell a Friend,” these messages have been sent via a Web-form by an individual who indicated that they were a colleague or friend of yours and wanted you to receive information about something they were browsing on our website, such as a newly published title or newly released website.  The name and email address of the individual who has sent you the referral will be included in the email you receive.  

Email addresses to which we send Tell-a-Friend messages are NOT saved for our further use.  The software we use to send these messages is “double-blind,” meaning that we do not know whom these messages are being sent, and you will not be contacted by us again in the future as a result of receiving or sending one of these referrals or recommendations.

**Information Sharing:**  UC Press will not disclose or share, without your consent, personally identifiable information, except for certain explicit circumstances in which disclosure may be required by law.  Your personally identifiable information will not be distributed or sold to third-party organizations. 

**Data Protection:**  UC Press is committed to ensuring the security of your information.  We use industry-standard processes designed to protect sensitive data.   

**Consent:**  By use of the UC Press website, and entry of any personal information into this site or in any UC Press program accessed through our website, you are consenting to the collection, use and transfer of your personal information as outlined in this Privacy Policy.  If you are located outside the United States, your use and entry of personal information into this site constitutes your consent to the transfer of your personal information into the United States.  

**Updating Personal Information:**  Questions regarding your options to review, modify or delete previously provided personal information should be directed to  us via our contact form.

**Cookies and other Tracking Devices:**  UC Press may use cookies, IP addresses, and other passive tracking devices to collect aggregate statistics about our website. Personally identifiable information is not stored within cookies.  We use this aggregate information to monitor the performance of this site so we can improve its use and add features and programs to make it more effective. UC Press may also disclose this aggregate information to third parties.  You may choose to set your browser settings to disable cookies, however, please note that if you do so, you may not be able to complete certain activities or access certain information on our website.

**Links:**  UC Press’s website may contain links to other websites.  Please note that these other websites’ privacy policies may differ from UC Press’s and we encourage you to carefully read those policies, as well.  UC Press is not responsible for and does not endorse the contents of any website of another party or for the policies or actions of any such party.

**Surveys and Drawings:**  From time-to-time, UC Press may request information from users via surveys or drawing entries.  Participation in these surveys or drawings is completely voluntary, so you can decide whether you want to provide the information.  Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as postal code, age range).  If you give UC Press information in connection with a UC Press drawing, survey, or similar promotion, you agree that we can use that information to manage those activities.  Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes, if applicable.

**Revisions to this Privacy Policy:**  This Privacy Policy has been created and approved by UC Press. UC Press reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review this Privacy Policy frequently.  Each version of this Privacy Policy will have a date, as noted below.

**Feedback:**  If you have any questions or comments about UC Press’s Privacy Policy, please contact us via our [contact form](https://web.archive.org/web/20140524190547id_/http%3A/about.php?p=contact "contact form").

University of California Press Privacy Policy (September 2012)
