> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the galaxyvisions.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040610075239id_/http%3A//galaxyvisions.com/policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Galaxyvisions your source for Virtual Hosting, Colocation and Dedicated Hosting, and Site Development

  
**GalaxyVision’s Committed to Serving it's Customers**  
One of the ways in which GalaxyVision’s assures its customers with quality service is through safeguarding the privacy of each individual that visits our website or becomes one of our customers. This policy sets for the manner in which GalaxyVision’s gathers, processes, stores and organizes the information provided by our users as they visit our website. Being in an evolving technological environment, we must all understand that with technology there is change and as such GalaxyVision’s will use its best efforts to afford its customers and users the newest developments in privacy protection. Like all of our standards, this policy too may change from time to time so we ask that you review these policies each time you visit our website.

No matter what type of information that is provided through the GalaxyVision’s website GalaxyVision’s will protect the confidentiality of its customer's information, account information and personal information to the fullest extent possible. However, please note that information, irrespective of type, once disclosed to a public arena (such as chat rooms or third party sites) can not be guaranteed by the protection of Web Host Plus.

 **Personally Identifiable Information**  
This type of information which normally consists of names, addresses, email addresses, credit card numbers, orders or request for services, will only be used in order to complete your request and provide you with the services. Unless otherwise instructed by you, GalaxyVision’s may often use this information for promotional purposes, advising you of new services and products, and improving upon the services we provide to our customers. All of your credit card and purchasing information is highly secured through commercially acceptable web based security and encryption protocols. However, please note that certain personal and voluntary information which you provide on other websites, such as feedback or opinions, may be deemed non-confidential and un-protected by GalaxyVision’s from disclosure. **General Information**  
This refers to the generic information gathered and stored by GalaxyVision’s automatically while users are browsing through our website. This information is not personal in nature. It simply provides us with the user's Internet provider, web site reference, and date and frequency of usage. Such information is useful for us in generating statistical information, in measuring website activity, and a means in which we can improve upon our services.

**Children's Policy**  
Children under the age of 18 are prohibited from using our services without the consent of a parent or guardian. However, it must be noted that GalaxyVision’s has no way of knowing if a visitor or customer is actually under the age of 18. Therefore, it's entirely possible that we may collect, use and disclose information about users under the age of 18. We encourage parents to monitor their child's use of the Internet and advise those users under the age of 18 to obtain parental or guardian consent before disclosing any information.

 **Exceptions**  
GalaxyVision’s will not disclose any personal information of its customer unless there is reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone which may be causing harm or interfering with the rights or property of GalaxyVision’s, GalaxyVision’s customers, or others, or where GalaxyVision’s has good faith belief that the law requires such disclosure. In addition, GalaxyVision’s will not disclose or monitor any content (personal or private electronic communications transmitted to GalaxyVision’s) unless it is (i) necessary to provide service to the customer; (ii) to protect the interest of GalaxyVision’s; (iii) required to cooperate with orders, warrants, subpoenas, or other legal process that GalaxyVision’s determines in its sole discretion to be valid and enforceable and (iv) necessary to provide to law enforcement agency when the contents are inadvertently obtained by Web Host Plus and appear to pertain to the commission of a crime.

By using this site, you agree not to write or post any fraudulent or illegal messages as part of any e-mail, forum, chat, or other GalaxyVision’s -related electronic communications medium. You also acknowledge that you are solely responsible for the information and electronic communications content that you create. GalaxyVision’s disclaims any intention to censor, edit or engage in ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted through its facilities by customers or others. GalaxyVision’s will, however, receive, delete or block access to communications that may be harmful to Web Host Plus, its customer or third parties. The grounds upon which GalaxyVision’s may take such action may include, without limitation, actual or potential violations of GalaxyVision’s   
Acceptable Use Policy.

In the event of a sale or transfer of the assets or interest of GalaxyVision’s, GalaxyVision’s reserves the right to sell or transfer your information (personal or generic) to a third party, without your consent, that provides the same or similar services as GalaxyVision’s, agrees to be GalaxyVision’s successor in interest with regard to the protection of the information collected and maintained by GalaxyVision’s, and agrees to be bound by this privacy policy. 
