> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the galabingo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101231130435id_/http%3A//www.galabingo.co.uk/gb/20/help/account/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Gala bingo - Help - Privacy policy

In this Privacy Policy, as in the General terms and conditions, references to the "Company", "we" or "us" shall refer to the Galabingo.co.uk website and/or Eurobet UK Limited AND/OR Gala (Alderney) Limited, both subsidiaries of Gala Coral Group Limited. 

The Company respects your privacy and we are committed to protecting your personal information. We have created this Privacy Policy to let you know what information we collect when you use the Website, and any other online platform provided by us (collectively, the "Service"); why we collect this information and how we use the collected information. 

                        We may periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy that we will notify to you by  posting the modified terms and conditions on the Website and we advise you to revisit this Privacy Policy regularly. 

**1\. Information Collected.** We consider information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, first and last name, date of birth, credit card information, home or other physical address, email address, phone number or other contact information to be “Personal Information”. You may be asked to provide Personal Information when you register for any Account with us or otherwise use the Service. The Personal Information that we collect may include information such as: contact information (including telephone number), shipping information, billing information, transaction history, web site usage preferences, and feedback regarding the Service. This information is held by us on servers based in the United Kingdom and Alderney and elsewhere from time to time. In addition, when you interact with the Service, our servers keep an activity log unique to you that collects certain administrative and traffic information including: source IP address, time of access, date of access, web page(s) visited, language use, software crash reports and type of browser used which are essential for the provision of and the quality of the Service. We do not collect Personal Information about you on the Service without your knowledge.

**2\. Means of Collecting & Processing Data.** We may automatically collect certain data as discussed above and receive Personal Information about you where you provide such information through the Service or other communications and interactions with the Company. We may also receive Personal Information from online vendors and service providers that refer you to the Service, and from customer lists lawfully acquired from third party vendors. In addition, we may engage the services of third-party service providers to provide technical support, process your online transactions and maintain your online Accounts. We will have access to any information you provide to such vendors, service providers and third-party e-commerce services and we will use the Personal Information as set out in section 3 below. This information may be disclosed only to our staff and to third parties involved in the completion of your transactions or in support of your use of the Service as set out in section 3 below.  We take steps to ensure that our arrangements with third‑party service providers and online vendors protect your privacy.

**3\. Information Use.** We use the Personal Information we collect from you to deliver the Service, to provide customer support, to undertake necessary security and identity verification checks, to process any of your online transactions, meet certain business requirements and for any other purpose related to the operation of the Service. Your Personal Information may also be shared with our affiliates, subsidiaries, agents and suppliers in order to provide the Service and provide you with promotional offers and with information regarding the Company, our group companies and the Service. From time-to-time, we may request information from you via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary, and, therefore, you have the choice of whether or not to disclose such information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name, correspondence address and telephone number), and demographic information (such as zip or postal code or age). If you choose to participate in a survey or contest and win, by accepting any contest prize or winnings from us, you consent to use of your name and likeness for advertising and promotional purposes without additional compensation, except where prohibited by law. Unless you have elected not to receive promotional information, we may also use your Personal Information (including your email address and phone number) to provide you with information regarding any similar products, services and promotions, including other online gaming products of ours and our affiliates such as online casino and bingo services. We will not sell, lease or share your Personal Information except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. On closure of your account, your data will be kept for a reasonable period for legal and accounting purposes and will then be removed from our system.

**4\. Certain Excluded Disclosures.** We may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law, or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with any legal process served on us, the Website or the Service; (2) protect and defend our rights or property; or (3) act to protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public. If, in our sole determination, you are found to have cheated or attempted to defraud the Company or any other user of the Service in any way including but not limited to game manipulation or payment fraud, or if we suspect you of fraudulent payment, including use of stolen credit cards, or any other fraudulent activity (including any chargeback or other reversal of a payment) or prohibited transaction (including money laundering), we reserve the right to share this information (together with your identity) with other online gaming sites, banks, credit card companies, and appropriate agencies. 

**5\. Access.** You may “opt out” of receiving any promotional communications either by choosing to opt out where such option is made available on the Website or the Service or in an email you receive from us, or at any time by sending an email to [customer.services@galabingo.co.uk](mailto:customer.services@galabingo.co.uk). In addition you may contact us at the just mentioned addresses if you: 1). want to confirm the accuracy of the Personal Information we have collected about you; 2). would like to update your Personal Information or delete your Personal Information; and/or 3). have any complaint regarding our use of your Personal Information. If requested, we will change any information you have provided to us or mark any information to prohibit future use, provided that you provide evidence as we may reasonably require for such changes. 

**6\. Cookies.** Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences. We use cookies to track use of the Service. We also may use cookies to monitor traffic to the Service, improve the Service and make it easier and/or more relevant for your use. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most online browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Service. 

**7\. Consent to Use of Electronic Service Providers.** In order to play Real Money games on the Service, you will be required to send money to and receive money from us. We may use third party electronic payment processors and/or financial institutions ("ESPs") to process such financial transactions.  By accepting this Privacy Policy, you consent to Personal Information necessary for the processing of transactions being shared with ESPs, including where necessary the transfer of information outside of your country. We take steps to ensure that our arrangements with ESPs protect your privacy. 

**8\. Consent to Security Review.**   We reserve the right to conduct a security review at any time to validate your identity, age, the registration data provided by you and to verify your use of your Galabingo.co.uk account and your financial transactions for potential breach of our terms and conditions and of applicable law. By accepting this Privacy Policy, holders of a Galabingo.co.uk Account authorise us, our staff, affiliates, subsidiaries, agents and suppliers to use your Personal Information and to disclose your Personal Information to third parties for the purposes of validating the information you provide to us, including where necessary the transfer of information outside of your country. Security Reviews may include but are not limited to ordering a credit report and/or otherwise verifying the information you provide against third party databases. In addition, to facilitate these Security Reviews, you agree to provide such information or documentation as we may request. 

**9\. Security.** We understand the importance of information security and the techniques needed to secure information. We store all of the Personal Information we receive directly from you in a password-protected database residing within our secure network behind active state-of-the-art firewall software. The Website supports SSL Version 3 with 128 bit encryption.  We take steps to ensure our subsidiaries, agents, affiliates and suppliers also employ adequate levels of security. 

**10\. Protection of Children.** The Service is not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 18. Any person who provides their information to us through any part of the Service represents to us that they are 18 years of age or older. It is our policy to endorse the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and to use our best efforts to comply with that Act.  This may involve us having to access and verify your Personal Information.  If we become aware that a minor has attempted to or has submitted personal information via the online site, we will not accept this information and will take steps to remove such information from our records. 

**11\. International Transfers.** Personal Information collected on the Service may be stored and processed in any country in which we or our affiliates, suppliers, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using the Service, you consent to any transfer of information outside of your country (including to third countries which may not have been assessed as having adequate privacy laws).  Nevertheless, we take steps to ensure that our affiliates, agents, subsidiaries and suppliers comply with our standards of privacy regardless of their location.

**12\. Third-Party Practices.** We cannot ensure the protection of any information or images that you provide to a third-party online site that links to or from the Service or any information collected by any third party administering our affiliate program or any other program, since these third-party online sites are owned and operated independently of us. Any information collected by these third parties is not governed by this Privacy Policy but by the privacy policy, if any, of such third party. If you have questions about a third party’s information practices, please read its privacy policy. We assume no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the practices, actions or policies of such third parties, and is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such online sites.

**13\. Legal Disclaimer.** The Service operates “AS-IS” and “AS-AVAILABLE,” without liability of any kind. We are not responsible for events beyond our direct control. Because of the complex and constantly changing nature of our technology and business, we cannot guarantee nor do we represent that there will be error-free performance regarding the privacy of your Personal Information, and we will not be liable for any indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to the use or release of Personal Information.

**14\. Merger.** If we should ever file for bankruptcy or be acquired by a third party, merge with a third party, sell all or part of our assets, or otherwise transfer substantially all of our relevant assets to a third party, we are entitled to share the Personal Information and all other information you have provided through the Service to potential and subsequent business and merger partners.

**15\. Consent to Privacy Policy.** By clicking “Yes” during the registration process or by your continued use of the Service following the posting of this Privacy Policy (as applicable) you agree to this Privacy Policy. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy Policy and it supersedes any earlier version. This Privacy Policy should be read in conjunction with our terms and conditions and any additional applicable terms posted on the Website. We may periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy that we will notify to you by way of posting the modified Privacy Policy on the Website and we advise you to revisit the Privacy Policy regularly. 
