> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the galleria.io privacy policy that was archived on 2017-01-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170113011513id_/https%3A//galleria.io/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Galleria

Use of our website is usually possible without providing personal information. If we requested personal data from our side (such as name, address or email address), this is on a voluntary basis. This data won’t be forwarded to any 3rd person without your agreement.

We point out that data transmission over the Internet (eg communication by email) can have security gaps. A complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.

The use of postal addresses, telephone or fax numbers, and email addresses published on this website for the distribution of unsolicited information is prohibited. Senders of unsolicited (spam) emails in violation of this rule will be prosecuted.

##### Cookies

When visiting our website, the browser saves so-called session cookies to your computer. Cookies are small text-only files that serve to make our services more user-friendly and efficient. Cookies do not damage your computer and also do not contain viruses. Cookies will be deleted after closing your browsing session. You can disable the function for saving cookies in the settings of your browser.

##### Payment

We use Stripe and PayPal to process payments. Your payment information and email is subject to their respective privacy policies: <https://stripe.com/privacy> and <https://paypal.com/privacy>.

##### Newsletter

We use MailChimp to manage our newsletter and other email lists. There’s no third-party tracking in messages we send through MailChimp besides MailChimp’s own analytics, which may aggregate how many subscribers open a message or click the links inside. MailChimp’s privacy policy is available at <https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy>. You can unsubscribe from our newsletter by clicking on the unsubscribe link provided at the end of the newsletter. 

##### Privacy Policy for Usage of Facebook-Plugins (Like-Button, Comments)

Our pages integrate plugins of the social network Facebook, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA. You can recognize Facebook-plugins by the Facebook-Logo or the addition “Facebook Social Plugin” or the “Like-Button” (“Like”) on our pages. You can find an overview of Facebook-plugins here:<https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/>.

When visiting our pages, the plugin establishes a connection between your browser and the Facebook-server. Thereby Facebook gains information on the fact that you visited our site by your IP-address. If you interact with the plugins, e. g. you click on the Facebook “Like-Button” or enter a comment, while being logged on to your Facebook-Account, you link the contents of our pages to your Facebook-profile. Thereby Facebook can correlate your visit of our site with your user account. We point out that we as provider of the pages do not have any knowledge of the content of the transmitted data as well as no knowledge of its usage by Facebook. You can find more information on that issue in the privacy policy of Facebook at <https://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php>

If you do not want to have Facebook correlate your visit on our site with your Facebook-account, please log out from your Facebook-account.

##### Privacy Policy for Usage of Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area.

Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>.

##### Privacy Policy for Usage of Google Adsense

Our website uses Google AdSense, a service for embedding advertisements of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google AdSense utilizes so-called “Cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer. Cookies permit analysis of your usage of our website. Google AdSense also utilizes so-called “Web Beacons” (invisible graphics). Web beacons can be used to evaluate information like visitor traffic on the pages of websites. Cookies and web beacons create information on your usage of this website (including your IP-address).

Information created by cookies and websites, and information on the delivery of ad formats will be transmitted to a server of Google in the USA and will be stored there. Google can pass this information on to its contracting parties. By no circumstances will Google correlate your IP-address with other data of Google Inc.

You can prevent installation of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software; but we point out that in this case you might not use all functionality of our website to the full extent. By using this Website you comply with informational data on you being collected and processed by Google in the way described above and for the purposes described above.

##### Privacy Policy for Usage of Google +1

_Collection and Propagation of Information:_  
The Google +1 button lets you publish information worldwide. By means of the Google +1 button you and other users receive personalized contents of Google and our partners. Google stores information that you gave +1 for a content, as well as information about the page that you watched while clicking on +1. Your +1 can be displayed as notice together with your profile name and your foto in Google-services like search results or your Google-profile, or at other places on websites and advertisements in the internet.

Google collects information on your +1 activity to improve Google-services for you and others. To be able to use the Google +1 button you need a Google-profile that is visible worldwide and public, and that at least must contain the name chosen for that profile. This name will be used in all Google-services. In some cases that name can replace another name that you used when sharing contents via your Google-account. The identity of your Google-profile can be displayed for users who know your email address or who know other identifying information on you.

_Usage of collected information:_  
Besides purposes described above the information delivered by you will be used according to the effective terms of Google´s privacy policy. Google might publish condensed statistics on +1 activity of users, or pass those on to users and partners like publishers , advertisers or connected websites.

##### Privacy Policy for Usage of Twitter

Our pages integrate functionality of the service Twitter. These functionalities are provided by Twitter Inc., 1355 Market St, Suite 900, San Francisco, CA 94103, USA.By using Twitter and the function “Re-Tweet” the websites you visited get correlated with your Twitter-account and get displayed to other users. Thereby data gets transmitted to Twitter.

We point out that we as provider of our pages do not have any knowledge about the content of the data transmitted and also do not have any knowledge about its usage by Twitter. You can find further information on this topic in the privacy policy of Twitter found at <https://twitter.com/privacy>.

You can change the privacy settings in the settings of your Twitter-account at <https://twitter.com/account/settings>.

##### Privacy Policy for Usage of YouTube

On our website, YouTube functions of the service are included. These functions are provided by YouTube, LLC 901 Cherry Ave. San Bruno, CA 94066 USA. For more information, please see the privacy policy of YouTube at [https://www.youtube.com/t/termsy](https://www.youtube.com/t/terms).

##### Privacy Policy for Usage of Vimeo

On our website Vimeo functions of the service are included. These functions are offered by Vimeo, LLC 555 West 18th Street New York, New York 10011th For more information, please see the privacy policy of Vimeo at <https://vimeo.com/privacy>.

##### Changes to the privacy policy

We may make small, inconsequential changes to the Privacy Policy with or without notice to you, so you’re encouraged to review the Privacy Policy from time to time. Changes we consider significant will be emailed to users who subscribe to the Newsletter.

For questions about this privacy policy, you can write to us at any time via our [contact form](https://web.archive.org/contact/) or by mail to our [street address](https://web.archive.org/imprint/).
