> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the galttech.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040607004956id_/http%3A//galttech.com/privacy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Galt Technology, Inc. is committed to protecting the privacy of Internet users. This Privacy Statement presents our privacy policy for our websites. 

For each visitor to our sites, our Web server automatically recognizes your domain, the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the domain name of the Web site from which you linked to our site. No other information is taken or accessed from your computer. None of this information is in any way connected to you or indentifiable with you as an individual. 

When you click on links and/or ad banners that take you to third-party web sites, you will be subject to the third parties' privacy policies. While we support the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. We encourage you to read the posted privacy statement whenever interacting with any web site. 

**Third Party Advertising:**  
We use MaxWorldwide and other third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, please click [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp).   
All issues regarding privacy related to MaxWorldwide ads are governed by MaxWorldwide's privacy policy, which can be viewed [here](http://www.maxworldwide.com/privacy_policy/index.php). 

**Software Downloads** :  
Any software you download and install is subject to the user license and privacy policy specific to that product and is in no way governed by our website policy. 

**Opt-in Email Newsletters** :  
GALT offers free email newsletters to users in association with NetCreations' [PostMasterDirect](http://www.postmasterdirect.com/), an independent company that creates targeted email newsletters to announce various products and services. When users subscribe to a PostMaster Direct newsletter, they are given the opportunity to opt in, or join, announcement lists administered by PostMasterDirect. If users choose to opt in for an announcement list, they will receive email newsletters from third parties via PostMasterDirect on topics selected by the users. Users may have their email addresses removed from the opt-in announcement lists at any time by following the instructions printed in the email newsletters. PostMasterDirect's email tracking system recognizes when a URL in the newsletter is clicked, and records information about the user and the user's computer, such as the email address registered with PostMasterDirect, the browser, the operating system, and the user's IP address. Use of this information is governed by the [PostMasterDirect privacy policy](http://w3.netcreations.com/main?page=privacy). Personally identifiable information will not be used by PostMasterDirect for any purpose other than to deliver the newsletters. 

**Information We Gather:**  
Except as described above, Galt will not collect any personally-identifiable information about you (name, address, telephone number) unless you volunteer that information to us in the course of subscribing to one of our lists or ordering a product. If you do not want your personal information collected, please do not submit it. When you order a software product from us, we need to know your name, email address, mailing address, credit card number, and credit card expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status. As a customer, we retain the right to contact you regarding other offers or products we might have available. Other than your email address, this information is never shared with or sold to any third parties. However, as is the case when any company is acquired by another, all existing customer information would become the property of the acquirer if we were purchased by another company. 

By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Galt Technology, Inc. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. 
