> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the meetmoi.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-02-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110217012503id_/http%3A//www.meetmoi.com/privacy%3Bjsessionid%3DD78B4783A686F0A6ADF3418D0307718F.node1) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# meetMoi: Location Based Mobile Dating

  1. People under eighteen years of age are not eligible to use our web sites (the “Site”) and downloadable applications (the "Application") (collectively, "meetMoi Services"). 
  2. About meetMoi and information we collect. 
    1. We collect personal profile and location information on our members. We don't currently collect credit card information, although in the future we may. When you download and install the Application, you agree to share your location with meetMoi on a continuous and periodic basis. Your location may be transmitted off of your mobile device when the Application is closed. The location will be used to measure your proximity to other users and cause notifications to be sent to other users notifying them that you are proximate to them. The messaging to other users with whom you are matched may include your (real-time) distance from them as well as your profile and photograph. On the Site, your location may be abstracted from the mobile Web browser when you visit the Site. You may also choose on some phones to enter your location manually in to the Site. meetMoi will never share your exact location with another user. We don't share your email address, mobile phone number, billing information, or account password with another user under any circumstances. All other information you provide us may be revealed in your profile and be accessible to other members. 
    2. In the course of using meetMoi Services, we automatically track certain information such as your IP addresses and email addresses. Many sites automatically collect this information. 
    3. In some instances we may collect your mobile phone number from your device for the purposes of providing SMS communication and carrier billing capabilities. Users may reply STOP to any SMS message from the meetMoi services to terminate such communications. No charges will be applied to your mobile phone account without you initiating a premium upgrade transaction and providing express consent to apply such charges to your account. 
    4. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the meetMoi Services, we may collect such information into a file which is only accessed by authorized personnel. We may also collect other users' comments about you in our complaints department. 
    5. If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about meetMoi Services, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend an email inviting him or her to visit the meetMoi Services. meetMoi stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this email and tracking the success of our referral program. We may send them a reminder email in the future. Your friend may opt out of email communications via instructions in the footer of every email, or contact us at Customer Service to request that we remove this information from our database. 
  3. Our Use of Your Information. 
    1. We internally use personally identifiable information of our users to improve our marketing efforts, to statistically analyze meetMoi Services usage, to improve our content and product offerings as well as to customize the meetMoi Services's content and layout.
    2. We also may send account updates, periodic informational updates or marketing messages to our members via email, SMS or the native messaging capabilities of your device. You may choose at any time to remove yourself from receiving such messages by changing your preferences in your account settings.
    3. We use personally identifiable information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our User Agreement.
  4. Our Sharing of Your Information. 
    1. We DO NOT sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party without your permission. In the future, we may disclose information in the aggregate to advertisers and for other marketing and promotional purposes. However, in these situations, we DO NOT disclose to these entities any information that could be used to personally identify you.
    2. meetMoi intends to cooperate with all law enforcement inquiries.
    3. We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on the meetMoi Services.
  5. Your use of Other Users' Information. You may not use other user's information for commercial purposes, to spam, to harass, or to make unlawful threats. meetMoi reserves the right to terminate the accounts of those who misuse other user's information or who otherwise violate the meetMoi Terms of Use. 
  6. Control of Your Password. You may not disclose your password to any third parties or share it with any third parties. If, despite the foregoing, you lose control of your password, you may lose substantial control over your personally identifiable information and may be subject to legally binding actions taken on your behalf. Therefore, if your password has been compromised for any reason, you should immediately change your password. 
  7. Use of Cookies. meetMoi uses cookies to store visitors' preferences and to record session information, for purposes including ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements and to customize our newsletter, advertising, and Web page content based on browser type and user profile information. You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. 
  8. Reviewing and Changing Your Personally Identifiable Information. Once you register, you will be able to review and change much of your personally identifiable information at meetMoi including your email, city, state, zip code, password, and profile. Please promptly update your information if it changes by logging in to your account. We strongly urge you to periodically change your password to help reduce the risk of unauthorized access to your account information. Upon your request, we will remove your credit card number and credit card expiration date from our main databases. To make this request, email us at Customer Service. We will retain in our files information, including credit card information, you have requested to remove in some circumstances, such as to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, comply with Credit Card Merchant Banking and Association Agreements, enhance security, reduce fraud, comply with Federal and State Law, and to enforce our Terms of Use Agreement. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. If and when we do this, we'll revise this Privacy Policy and provide more information about this practice and your choices regarding it. 
  9. If you have any questions or comments, please email us at support@meetmoi.com 


