> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the smnweekly.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180828195454id_/https%3A//www.forexnewslab.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy – SMNWeekly

SMNWeekly.com (“the Site”, “we”, “our”) wants you to be familiar with our Privacy Policy in terms of collection and usage of information about users. By using the Site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. The Site is for a general audience, is not targeted to children, and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. This Privacy Policy applies to SMNWeekly.com collection and use of your personal information (i.e., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or email address). It also describes generally our practices for handling non-personal information (for example, interests, demographics and services usage).  
COLLECTION OF INFORMATION

SMNWeekly.com and our service providers collect the following information from and about you:  
– information you submit. It includes communications through the email addresses listed on the Site or receive newsletters or notifications. Information you submit may include, for example, name, email address, gender and/or zip code;  
– activity information. When you access and interact with the Site, we may collect certain information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to the Site, our servers receive and record information about your computer, device, and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, etc. If you access the Site from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device, geolocation data, or other transactional information.  
– cookies and other tracking technologies (such as browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies). Cookies are small bits of data that often include a de-identified or anonymous unique identifier. Websites, apps and other services send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that service. These technologies may also be used to collect and store information about your usage of the Site, such as pages you have visited, content you have viewed, search queries you have run and advertisements you have seen.  
– information from other sources. We may supplement the information we collect with information from other sources, such as publicly available information from social media services, commercially available sources and information from our business partners.  
– third parties that support the Site by providing services, such as tracking aggregate Site usage statistics, may also use these technologies to collect similar information. We do not control technologies of other companies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of third parties using such technologies.  
– most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether.
