> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ufodigest.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230192801id_/http%3A//www.ufodigest.com/ufo-digest-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# UFO Digest Privacy Policy | UFO Digest provides video proof of ufos, alien abduction and the paranormal.

**We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here**[ **http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp**](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)

We are very conscious of your right to privacy regarding the information you supply to UFO Digest. At UFO Digest, our policy is to use the information you supplied to us only to better serve you. We are not going to sell your information to people who want to send you junk mail. We have adopted a comprehensive set of security measures to ensure that your personal, business and financial information is protected at all times. Specifically, any financial data supplied by you will be kept completely confidential in an electronic, encrypted state. In addition, any confidential data coming to us or going to our provider partners travels across the Internet in an encrypted form.

If you choose to purchase business services through UFO Digest and our provider partners, we may need to send those providers limited information from your profile, such as your name and address. We will send only the information needed to complete your transaction. Just as importantly, we are committed to working only with transaction partners who agree to abide by the same privacy rules that we have adopted for UFO Digest.

Profile information will be used to create personalized content and services from our UFO Digest site. In addition, UFO Digest and its licensees may use aggregated information from profiles to provide our partners with information that will help them, and thereby us, to serve you better.

UFO Digest reserves the right to change its policy at any time, but will notify You of any changes. Should a privacy dispute arise, UFO Digest will be held harmless and not liable for any loses that may have been incurred. If you want additional information or clarification, please email us at, [**customer service** , ](mailto:publisher@ufodigest.com)with your specific questions. We will be more than happy to answer them.
