> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the samebug.io privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140424132842id_/http%3A//samebug.io/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Samebug – Crash Management for Pros | Samebug Privacy Policy

Your privacy is of the utmost importance to Samebug LTD („Samebug”). This Privacy Policy is about how we collect, use, and disclose personally identifiable information received from you as a user of the Samebug website or Samebug’s products and services collected via the Samebug website, email, or other means. By using our website, you consent to the data practices described in this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Samebug does not own or control, or to people that Samebug does not employ or manage. In addition, certain Samebug partners may have their own privacy policies and statements.

 _Collecting Personal Information._ Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address or phone number, credit and debit card number, profile picture, social media account ID, username and password, and that which is otherwise not publicly available. You may provide Samebug with your personal information when you create an account on the Samebug website, register your software, download a software update, register for support, sign up for service offerings from Samebug, purchase software, participate in a survey, register for a seminar, or solicit communication from Samebug that requires Samebug to contact you. As a registered user you may also provide Samebug with error notifications by connecting your application to Samebug. We reserve the right to publish such notifications (without any personal identification information) in order to help us clarify or respond to your requests. You may refuse to supply personally identifying information with the understanding that this may prevent you from engaging in certain activities or use of certain products or services.

 _What do we use your personal information for._ We collect your personal information (i) to improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback received from you); (ii) to improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs); to process transactions (your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your prior consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested); (iii) to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature; (iv) to send periodic e-mails (the e-mail address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. Certainly you may unsubscribe from receiving future e-mails at any time you want.); (v) to facilitate social sharing functionality; (vi) as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others, and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.

Samebug may share certain personal information about you to companies that Samebug has a strategic relationship with or that perform work for Samebug to provide the Samebug products and services to you. These service providers, vendors and strategic partners may help Samebug process information, fulfill orders, deliver products or services, manage and enhance user data, provide customer service, assess your interest in Samebug’s products and services or conduct user research and surveys. These companies are obligated to protect your personal information and may have their own privacy policies if you link to or access their websites or systems.

 _Protection of Personal Information._ Samebug takes administrative, technical and physical measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft, unauthorized access, disclosure alteration misuse, or destruction. We disclose potentially personally-identifying information only to those employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Samebug’s behalf, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Samebug’s products and services, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Samebug will not rent or sell potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations, as described above, Samebug discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Samebug believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Samebug, third parties, or the public at large. Samebug takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially personally identifying and personally identifying information.

 _Aggregate Data._ Samebug also collects aggregated tracking data when users visit our websites and register for Samebug products and services. Samebug may reveal aggregate data, including but not limited to, how much data an average customer collects or process through Samebug products or services, or what the most common search terms used are across all customers. Samebug may also analyze visitors’ use of our sites by tracking information such as page views, traffic flows and search terms and click-throughs to improve our websites, products and services. We may also share this anonymous traffic and demographic information in aggregate form with advertisers and other business partners.

Cookies (small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser – if you allow – that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information). We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits, keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.

If you do not want cookies, you can configure your browser so that it notifies you whenever a cookie is received. This way you can decide each time to accept cookies or not. However, the use of cookies may be necessary to provide certain features and choosing to reject cookies may reduce the functionality of the Samebug product. Your browser should include precise instructions explaining how to control the acceptance of cookies.

 _Apps and other Third Party Content._ The Samebug product is extensible through the use of software called Apps and Add-ons. These extensions are versatile, and have access to a broad set of web technologies, including some that could be used to track your usage or collect personally identifiable information. Additionally, the Samebug product ships with a fully functional web and application server that can be extended by you or by third party software. This privacy policy does not extend to third party software, even if packaged by Samebug or offered through a Samebug web property. While Samebug makes reasonable efforts to encourage app developers to follow privacy guidelines that meet or exceed what is described in this policy, we cannot and do not compel them to do so.

When choosing to use apps, add-ons or other third party extensions, you are entering into a license agreement with those parties. You should familiarize yourself with the privacy policy of the organization or individual providing you with software that runs in or with your Samebug product.

 _Using pixel tags and other similar technologies._ Pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) may be used in connection with some services to, among other things, track the actions of users of the services (including e-mail recipients), measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about usage of the services and response rates.

 _IP Addresses._ Our website also automatically captures IP addresses. Samebug uses IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user movement, ensure the security of your interaction with the Samebug website and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use.

 _Community Information._ Community information contributed by members of the Samebug Community, including sample data, event types, tags, comments and other information related to the Samebug Knowledge Base, may be reused by other members of the Samebug Community.

 _Third party links._ Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

 _Changes to our Privacy Policy._ We may periodically make changes to our privacy policy. When we do that, the changes will be included on this page. It’s your responsibility to remain informed about any changes to it, so we encourage you to visit this page often.

 _Contacting us._ If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, you may [contact us](mailto:contact@samebug.com) at any time.

 _Last modified on December 3, 2013._
