> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the samesame.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110606074907id_/http%3A//www.samesame.com.au/policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# SameSame.com.au ~ Our Policy

##  Privacy Policy 

* * *

  1. How is personal information collected?    
SameSame.com.au is a new national gay and lesbian website. In order to provide customers with a quality service, SameSame.com.au offers customers the ability to sign up as a community member, interact with other members, subscribe to our newsletter, enter competitions and purchase tickets online through [http://www.SameSame.com.au](http://www.samesame.com.au/). In order to provide these services, SameSame.com.au collects personal information about customers. Collection of this information will occur at the time you enter a competition, make a purchase or when you register as a SameSame.com.au member through our website.
  2. What personal information does SameSame.com.au collect and why?   
If you purchase tickets, register as a member or enter a competition through SameSame.com.au, we need to collect personal information about you, including your name, address, email address and telephone number(s). The reason we need this information is so we can contact you to send you a prize, or to notify you in the case of an event cancellation or change of event details. We also need some of this information in order to process your online credit card payment. SameSame.com.au will also provide you with the opportunity to receive special offers and promotions if you wish to do so. Even if you initially choose to subscribe to receive special offers, you may also unsubscribe or resubscribe at a later stage - all you need to do is visit [http://www.SameSame.com.au/p/newsletter/](http://www.samesame.com.au/p/newsletter/) (or contact SameSame.com.au through the contact details at 12 below). 
  3. Will personal information be given to anyone else?   
SameSame.com.au will not sell or trade personal information about you to or with third parties. SameSame.com.au will only disclose information about you, if you have given your consent, so that you can be provided with promotional Friendrial and special offers. Otherwise, SameSame.com.au will only disclose personal information if this is required by law or permitted under the Privacy Act. 
  4. Security of personal information   
SameSame.com.au protects the personal information it collects in a secure database, which can only be accessed by employees with the highest security clearance. SameSame.com.au employees are required, as a condition of their employment, to treat personal information held by SameSame.com.au as confidential, and to maintain the confidentiality of that personal information.
  5. Non-customer information   
Sometimes, SameSame.com.au needs to collect personal information about individuals who are not customers. This will usually arise where we collect the name and business contact details of our clients. SameSame.com.au's policy is to only use personal information collected from non-customers for the main business purpose for which it was collected. 
  6. Access and correction   
Under the Privacy Act, you have a right to seek access to information that SameSame.com.au holds about you. You also have the right to ask us to correct information about you, which is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. As an Same Same member, you are able to access or correct the personal information that SameSame.com.au holds about you - simply by logging onto our website at [http://www.SameSame.com.au/p/auth/editprofile.php](http://www.samesame.com.au/p/auth/editprofile.php). Both members and non-members may ask us to correct information, which is inaccurate, incomplete or out of date. To provide you with access to personal information about you, SameSame.com.au would usually provide you with a print-out of the relevant personal information from our database. If you wish to access the personal information that we hold about you, please set out your request in writing, including your phone number, and forward this to our Privacy Officer at PO Box 1964, Strawberry Hills NSW 2012. In the interests of protecting the privacy of individuals about whom we hold personal information, we will require that you verify your identity by enclosing a copy of a form of identification such as a current driver's licence or passport with your written request (this will be returned to you after your identity has been verified). If you wish to change personal information that is inaccurate or out-of-date, please contact our Privacy Officer, using the contact details at 12 below, with your request for correction. SameSame.com.au's policy is to consider any requests for access or correction within 21 days. Ordinarily, SameSame.com.au will not charge you for the cost of providing this type of access to these records. However, if we do propose to charge you, we will advise you of the relevant charge before we provide you with access. 
  7. Further notes regarding online privacy   
This Privacy Policy is part of the terms of use for our website. When you deal with SameSame.com.au, whether online or otherwise, SameSame.com.au takes its privacy obligations seriously. We will use personal information collected online to provide you with our products and services (eg to process your online purchases), to contact you in the case of an event cancellation or a change of venue, and if you agree, for SameSame.com.au's marketing purposes. Other matters specific to SameSame.com.au's handling of personal information online are set out below. 
  8. Online collection of personal and non-personal information   
As outlined at point 1 of this Privacy Policy, we collect personal information through our website. For example, SameSame.com.au will collect personal information online from customers when they register as an SameSame.com.au member or purchase through our website. Our website also collects other information - some of this is personal information, and some is not. For each visitor to our website, our server automatically recognises and stores the visitor's domain name, but not their email address. In addition, our website uses cookies. Most web browsers are set by default to accept cookies. However, if you do not wish to receive any cookies you may set your browser to either prompt or refuse cookies. Please note that rejecting cookies will disable your browser from purchasing tickets from our website and will restrict the functionality of the website as a whole. We also use cookies for tracking the statistics of our website. This allows us to better understand our users and improve the layout and functionality of our website. 
  9. Online disclosures   
To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, SameSame.com.au has relationships with other companies that we allow to place advertisements on our web pages. If you visit our website, advertisement server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. 
  10. Secure Online Transactions   
If you make a purchase through our website, we process your credit card details securely over the Internet using an accredited Internet payment security system. With the combination of encryption provided by a third party and a secure browser at your end, we take all measures to ensure that your credit card and anonymity are protected when you purchase online.11. Links to other websites Sometimes our website contains links to third party websites, for your convenience and information. When you access a non-SameSame.com.au website, please understand that SameSame.com.au is not responsible for the privacy practices of that site. We suggest that you review the privacy policies of each site you visit. 
  11. Additional privacy information and how to contact Same Same  
SameSame.com.au may change its Privacy Policy at any time. SameSame.com.au will make available this policy to anyone who requests it. For further information about privacy issues and the protection of privacy visit the Australian Federal Privacy Commissioner's website at www.privacy.gov.au. If you feel that SameSame.com.au is not complying with this Privacy Policy, or if you have other privacy concerns, please contact our Privacy Officer (using the following contact details):   
by email you can use this form.  
by facsimile on +61 (0) 2 8353 7000   
by letter to PO Box 1964, Strawberry Hills NSW 2012 AUSTRALIA  




## Ask SameSame

* * *

If you've got a question for us that hasn't been answered here, head over to the Ask Same Same Forum and post it there. Same Same staff regularly check this Forum and your question might be useful to other people as well. To go to the Ask Same Same Forum, [click here](https://web.archive.org/forum/forumdisplay.php?f=9). 
