> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the blinkbox.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-04-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090410153500id_/http%3A//www.blinkbox.com/Pages/Info/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | blinkbox

  * 1\. GENERAL
  * _1.1_ At blinkbox Entertainment Limited ("we"/ "us"/"our") we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting your personal information. We have created this Privacy Notice to let you know what information we collect when you visit, or use the services available via the website at http://www.blinkbox.com (collectively, the "blinkbox Services"), why we collect this information and how the collected information is used.
  * 2\. CONSENT TO PRIVACY NOTICE
  * _2.1_ By your continued use of the blinkbox Services following the posting of this Privacy Notice (as applicable), you agree to this Privacy Notice. This is our entire and exclusive Privacy Notice and it supersedes any earlier version. This Privacy Notice should be read in conjunction with our Terms and Conditions and any additional applicable terms posted on http://www.blinkbox.com. We may periodically make changes to this Privacy Notice and will notify you of these changes by posting the modified terms on http://www.blinkbox.com. We recommend that you revisit this Privacy Notice regularly. If we are going to use Personal Information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify you by posting a notice on http://www.blinkbox.com.
  * _2.2_ If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Notice please email us.
  * 3\. COLLECTED INFORMATION
  * _3.1_ "Personal Information" means information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, first and last name, date of birth, home or other physical address, email address, pictures, phone number, other contact information, website usage preferences, the personal photographs and videos you submit and feedback regarding the blinkbox Services. You may be asked to provide Personal Information when you use the blinkbox Services. This information is held by us on servers based in the UK. In addition, when you interact with the blinkbox Services, our servers may keep an activity log unique to you that collects certain administrative and traffic information including: source IP address, time of access, date of access, web page(s) visited, language use, software crash reports and type of browser used. 
  * _3.2 Means of Collecting and Processing Data_
    * We may automatically collect certain data as discussed above and receive Personal Information about you where you provide such information through the blinkbox Services or other communications and interactions with us. 
  * _3.3 Information Use_
    * We use the Personal Information you provide to deliver the blinkbox Services, to provide user support (including processing any complaints or enquiries made by you) and for any other purpose related to the operation of the blinkbox Services. 
  * _3.4 Passing on Your Data to Third Parties_
    * Where you have elected to receive promotional information, we may also use your Personal Information (including your email address and phone number) to provide you with information regarding any products, services and promotions offered by us and selected third parties that may be of interest to you. 
    * You may 'opt in' to receive any promotional communications either by choosing to opt in where such option is made available on http://www.blinkbox.com or in an email you receive from us, or at any time by sending an email, or by writing to us at 20-24 Kirby Street, London EC1 8TS. In addition, you may contact us at this addresses if you: 1) want to confirm the accuracy of the Personal Information we have collected about you; 2) would like to update your Personal Information or delete your Personal Information; and/or 3) have any complaint regarding our use of your Personal Information. If requested, we will change any information you have provided to us or mark any information to prohibit future use, provided that you provide such evidence as we may reasonably require for such changes. 
    * We will not sell, lease or share your Personal Information except as set forth in this Privacy Notice.
  * _3.5 Excluded Disclosures_
    * We may disclose your Personal Information if required to do so by law, or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (1) comply with any legal process served on us or the blinkbox Services or in circumstances where we are under a substantially similar legal obligation; (2) protect and defend our rights or property; or (3) act to protect the personal safety of users of the blinkbox Services or the public. 
  * 4\. COOKIES
  * Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer or equipment when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences. We use cookies to track use of the blinkbox Services. We may also use cookies to monitor traffic, improve the blinkbox Services and make it easier and/or more relevant for your use.
  * _4.1 When do we use cookies?_
    * _During registration_
    * These cookies will hold information collected during your registration and will allow us to recognise you as a customer and provide you with the services you require. We may also use this data to better understand your interests while online and to enhance your use of the blinkbox Services.
    * _On the website_
    * For visitors to our website, we use cookies to collect information. Our servers use two different types of cookies: 
      * A 'session-based' cookie: This type of cookie is only allocated to your computer for the duration of your visit to http://www.blinkbox.com. A session-based cookie helps you move around http://www.blinkbox.com faster and allows us to give you information that is more relevant to you. This cookie automatically expires when you close your browser. 
      * A 'persistent' cookie: This type of cookie will remain on your computer for a period of time set for each cookie. 
    * _Cookies enable us to:_
      * Identify your preferences when customising content or functionality for you. 
      * Confirm you are a registered user and save your login details when accessing certain parts of the blinkbox Services.
      * Collect statistics on the use of the blinkbox Services. 
      * We may also use cookies and web beacons to ensure that our mailing tools are working properly. 
    * _Refusing cookies_
    * You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. The Help menu on the menu bar of most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie and how to disable cookies altogether. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to experience all of the interactive features available via the blinkbox Services.
  * 5\. SECURITY REVIEW
  * We reserve the right to conduct a security review at any time to validate your identity, age, the registration data provided by you and to verify your use of the blinkbox Services for potential breach of the Terms and Conditions and of applicable law. By accepting the Terms and Conditions, you authorise us, our staff, affiliates, subsidiaries, agents and suppliers to use your Personal Information and to disclose your Personal Information to third parties for the purposes of validating the information you provide to us in the course of using the blinkbox Services, including, where necessary, the transfer of information outside of your country. Security reviews may include verifying the information you provide against third-party databases. In addition, to facilitate these security reviews, you agree to provide such information or documentation as we may request.
  * _5.1 Security_
    * We store all of the Personal Information we receive directly from you and use reasonable measures to protect all Personal Information that is stored within our database. We also take steps to ensure that our agents, affiliates and suppliers also employ adequate levels of security. For any additional information about the security measures we employ please email us.
  * _5.2 Children_
    * The blinkbox Services are not intended for or directed at persons under the age of 13 (or the lawful age in the relevant user's respective jurisdiction). Any person who provides their information to us through any part of the blinkbox Service represents to us that they are 13 years of age (or the lawful age in their respective jurisdiction) or older. If we become aware that a minor has attempted to or has submitted personal information via the online site, we will not accept this information and will take steps to remove such information from our records.
  * _5.3 Third-Party Practices_
    * We cannot ensure the protection of any information or images that you provide to a third-party online site that links to or from http://www.blinkbox.com, since these third-party online sites are owned and operated independently of us. Any information collected by these third parties is not governed by this Privacy Notice but by the privacy policy, if any, of such third party. If you have questions about a third party's information practices, please read its privacy policy. We assume no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the practices, actions or policies of such third parties, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such online sites.



_This Privacy Policy was last updated on 11th September, 2007._
