> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the blip.fm privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160312013248id_/http%3A//blip.fm/corp/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Blip.fm | Privacy Policy

Revised August 8, 2009

Welcome to www.blip.fm, an online property of Blip Inc. ("we", "our" or "us"). To get to know us better, please visit our about page. The website found at www.blip.fm), and any related websites operated by us, are individually and collectively referred to herein as the "Site". We have adopted this privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") to explain what information may be collected on the Site and how such information may be used and/or shared with others. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected through the Site and not through any other sources. Please note that your use of the Site is subject to the terms of the Terms Of Use posted on the Site ("Terms Of Use") and, as applicable, the terms of any other user agreement or terms of use which we may put into effect from time to time with respect to certain features on this Site ("Ancillary Agreement(s)"). Please return to the Site and review this Privacy Policy from time to time, as it may be amended without notice. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Site. Your use of the Site constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Policy.

YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS?

The following only applies to California residents. We may from time to time share your personally identifiable information with our subsidiaries, affiliates, sponsors, partners, advertisers or other third parties for their direct marketing purposes. If you do not want us to share your personally identifiable information with such third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please let us know by mail at 602 20th Street, San Francisco, CA, 94107, Attention: Privacy Czar. Your opt-out request will be processed within 30 days of the date on which we receive it. For more information on how your personally identifiable information is collected and used, please read the remainder of our Privacy Policy.

**PRIVACY OF CHILDREN**

This Site is not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not permit registration by, and will not knowingly collect or use personally identifiable information from, anyone under 13 years of age, except for the limited circumstances described below. In the event a child under the age of 13 submits a question to us on the Site and identifies his or her age, we may use the child's e-mail address for the sole purpose of responding to the child's question on a one-time-only basis. However, we will not use the child's e-mail address to re-contact the child and we will delete it from our records once we have responded. If we become aware that we have unknowingly collected personally identifiable information from a child under the age of 13, we will make reasonable efforts to delete such information from our records.

**INFORMATION WE COLLECT AND HOW WE USE IT**

?As a general policy, no personally identifiable information is automatically collected from your visit to the Site. However, in certain circumstances, you may be asked to provide us with some specific information about yourself in order to use certain features on the Site or to take advantage of certain opportunities that we may offer through the Site. For example, if you wish to download or upload any content from or to the Site, or participate in any sweepstakes or contests offered through the Site, you may be asked to provide your name, date of birth, mailing address and e-mail. If you wish to upload any content for sale, or download any content for purchase, you may also be asked to provide your credit/debit card and billing information.

Please note that we will use any personally identifiable information you submit on the Site (i) to carry out your requests and respond to your inquiries, (ii) in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, and (iii) as otherwise disclosed at the point where such information is collected or in any additional terms and conditions applicable to a particular feature of the Site. We may also use such information and other information that we obtain from your use of the Site to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms Of Use and any applicable Ancillary Agreement(s). We will use financial information (such as credit/debit card information) that you provide through the Site only in connection with your purchases (if any).

In addition to using your information as described above, we may share your screen name, e-mail address and/or zip code with third parties for marketing purposes. If you do not want us to share such information, you may opt out by following the op-out procedures set forth in the Choice / Opt-Out section below. We may also occasionally send you e-mail announcing special promotions, changes in our services, and other information we believe will be of interest to you. You may opt-out of receiving these mailings, or any other e-mails we send to our mailing list, by following the opt-out procedures set forth in the Choice / Opt-Out section below. We may engage third parties to perform certain services on our behalf, such as data processing and analysis, and provide them with your personally identifiable information to the extent necessary to perform their services. Such third parties will not be authorized to use your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than to fulfill their obligations. Also, we may share your personally identifiable information (except for financial information) with our affiliates or unaffiliated parties with whom we have a strategic relationship, to provide you with special offers and opportunities that we think you might be interested in. Note that although we advise everyone who receives personally identifiable information from us to maintain the confidentiality of your information, to support this Privacy Policy, and to comply with applicable laws, we do not control, nor can we be responsible for, their information-handling practices. We may collect non-personally-identifiable information from you through the standard operation of our servers. Such information may include IP addresses, user data and usage patterns, click stream activity, listening patterns, purchase patterns, and browser name and version, from users and visitors to the Site. This data may be used to maintain the integrity of contests and promotions hosted by the Site, improve products and services, analyze usage, administer the Site, and gather demographic information about the Site's users. This non-personally identifiable information may be aggregated to create statistical data, and may be shared with third parties for marketing, advertising or other use. At no point, however, will this information personally identify you, whether or not it is aggregated. In addition, we may link this non-personally identifiable information with demographic information and/or personally identifiable information (e.g., your name and/or user name). In the event that any such non-personally identifiable information or data is linked to or associated with any personally identifiable information, such data and information will be treated as personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable or non-personally identifiable information if we are required to do so by law or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary in order to: (i) fulfill a government request; (ii) conform with the requirements of the law or to comply with legal process served on us; (iii) to protect or defend our legal rights or property, the Site, or its users; or (iv) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of the Site's users or the general public.

**USE OF COOKIES**

The Site uses cookies to store visitors' preferences and to record session information, for purposes including ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements, to customize newsletter, advertising, and Web page content based on browser type and user profile information, to help track usage to help us understand which parts of the Site are the most popular, where our visitors are going, and how much time they spend there. The Site does not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on the Site. You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set -- each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences -- however, you must enable cookies from the Site in order to use most functions on the Site. Please note that the Site allows third party advertisers that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. Advertisers' use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy.

**THIRD PARTY ADVERTISING**

Ads appearing on the Site may be delivered to users by the Site or a third party advertising partner. These partners may set cookies, which may allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad servers may compile information about where you (or others who are using your computer) saw their advertisements and determine click-through rates and history on such ads. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of more interest to you than advertising selected randomly or by other means. This Privacy Policy covers only the use of cookies by the Site and does not cover the use of cookies by any third party advertisers, who may have their own, differing policies.

**TRANSFER OF ASSETS**

As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all or substantially all of our assets, personally identifiable information, non-personally identifiable information, and any other information that we have collected about the users of the Site will be transferred to such entity as one of the transferred assets. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.

**LINKS**

The Site contains links to third party websites that we do not maintain or control. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on such other websites. We encourage you to note when you leave the Site and to read the privacy policy stated on such other websites before submitting any personally identifiable information. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on the Site.?

**CHAT ROOMS, PROFILES, MESSAGE BOARDS AND PUBLIC FORUMS**

Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post public information to any portion or service on the Site, or another public forum, that information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by those people to send you unsolicited communications. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit on the Site. Please think before you post any personal information online.

**CHOICE / OPT OUT**

You may choose not to receive any e-mail or other communications from us by following the removal instructions in the particular communication you receive, or by sending an e-mail to opt-out to privacy@blip.fm with only the words "opt out" in the subject line.

**SECURITY**

The Site takes reasonable and appropriate measures to protect private information that is stored on the Site or on our servers against unauthorized access and disclosure, and we restrict access to such private information to those employees who need access to perform their job functions, such as our customer service personnel and technical staff. Please be advised, however, that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information. For any additional information about our security measures this Site uses on our website, please contact us with specific questions at privacy@blip.fm. If you create an account on the Site, you may be asked to choose a password for your account, in which case, access to your account shall be protected by your password. We recommend that you do not disclose your password to any other person, that you use a combination of letters and numbers for your password, and that you change your password often. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, and are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or account. You may view and update your account information at any time by logging into your account.

**CONTACTING THE WEB SITE**

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the privacy practices of the Site, please contact us at: privacy@blip.fm.?(c) 2009 Blip Inc. All rights reserved.
