> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the blippy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-09-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130907161142id_/http%3A//www.blippy.com/blippic/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# blip.me - privacy

Last Updated: **April 19, 2011**

Camino Real, Inc. ( ** _"Camino Real"_** ) is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of personal information we receive through our websites at [http://blip.me](http://blip.me/) and [http://caminoreal-inc.com](http://caminoreal-inc.com/) (collectively, **_“Site”_** ), and through our voice note messaging service, which we make through applications for mobile devices (collectively, unless other wise indicated, **_“Application”_** ). We use care in protecting our users' privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, protect, use and share your personal information. In this Privacy Policy, we refer to the Site and the Application, collectively, as the “Service”. Please read on to learn more about our commitment to your privacy.

**Information We Collect**  
Camino Real collects personally identifiable information ( ** _“Personal Information”_** ), which refers to information that can be used to contact or identify you, when you download and register the Application or when you voluntarily provide it to us through our Site. For registration of our Application, we will collect your first name, last name and mobile device phone number, which we use in order to provide the Service. Through the Service, we will have access to your contact list on the mobile device you use for the Service and we may use that information only to provide the Service. In addition, we will collect the content of any voice note message you send or receive via the Service, for the sole purpose of allowing you or the person or people you share any voice note messages with to access and retrieve the content of any such voice note messages. Camino Real may also collect and gather non-Personal Information, such as the mobile device type, device identification code, device properties and information about your usage of the Service, including, but not limited to, the duration and frequency of your interactions with the Service and statistics on page views and traffic to and from our Service.

**How We Use Information We Collect**

  * We use the information we collect: (i) to provide and improve our Service, features and content, (ii) to administer your use of our Service, (iii) to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Service, (iv) to better understand your needs and interests, and (v) to provide you with further information or updates from us which we believe you may find useful or interesting, including information on our services and products. You may unsubscribe at any time if you decide that you no longer want to receive such materials and information. 
  * We also use information we collect to monitor and analyze use of the Service and for the Service’s technical administration, to increase our Service’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to generate and derive useful data and information concerning the characteristics and Service use behavior of our users. 



**Cookies.**  
In the event you access our Site, we also use “cookie” technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve the Service. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk. We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie enables certain features of the Service and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Services. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. Like many other sites, we use cookies for different purposes. For instance, if you are a registered user, the use of cookies allows our Site to “remember” you, so that you will not have to type your password every time you visit the Site. But we also use cookies for analytics purposes, to better understand how users, whether registered or not, interact with the Site, and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic on our Site. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.

**How We Share the Information We Collect**

  * __Service Providers.__ We may engage third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services (including but not limited to maintenance services, database management, and improvement of the Service’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. These third parties have access to your information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf.
  *  _ _Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement.__ Camino Real cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information we have about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Camino Real or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop any activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, illegal, unethical, inappropriate or legally actionable. 
  * __Business Transfers.__ Camino Real may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. 



**Deleting Your Information**  
You may request that we delete your Personal Information by contacting us. If you ask us to delete your account by emailing us at contact@blip.me, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your data from our servers. However, please note that any data, including, but not limited to, voice note messages, that you share with a third party via the Service will still be accessible and viewable by such third party. If you ask us to delete all of your Personal Information, you may not be able to use all of the functionality of the Service. Despite such removal, portions of your data may remain on our production and back-up servers indefinitely.

**Security; Data Transfer**  
Protecting user privacy and Personal Information is a top priority for Camino Real. We make substantial efforts to ensure the privacy of all Personal Information you provide to us. Access to all Personal Information of users is restricted to Camino Real employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve the Service. Camino Real uses password protection, access logs, and system monitoring to safeguard the confidentiality of all user information. Nonetheless, due to the inherent nature of the Internet and related technology, we do not guarantee the protection of information under our control against loss, misuse or alteration. In addition, your information may be stored and processed in any country in which Camino Real maintains facilities, including outside of the United States. In this regard, or for purposes of sharing or disclosing data as described in this Privacy Policy, Camino Real reserves the right to transfer information outside of your country. By using the Service, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.

**Age**  
The Service is not directed to children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 as part of the Service. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a user under the age of thirteen as part of the Service, we will delete such information from our records.

**Notification of Changes**  
We reserve the right at our discretion to make changes to this Privacy Policy. You may review updates to our Privacy Policy at any time via links on our Site. You agree to accept electronic communications and/or postings of a revised Privacy Policy on our Site, and you agree that such electronic communications or postings constitute notice to you of the Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to modify this policy from time to time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by publishing a revised Privacy Policy or by means of a notice on our website. You agree that your continued use of the Service after we publish a revised Privacy Policy or provide a notice on our website constitutes your acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy.

**Contact Information**  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact@blip.me. Any Personal Information provided in connection with inquiries related to this Privacy Policy will be used solely for the purpose of responding to the inquiry and consistent with our Privacy Policy.
