> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the blissworld.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190710172724id_/https%3A//www.blissworld.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Our Privacy Commitment**

We (Bliss Direct, Inc., including its Affiliates, (“Bliss”)) are committed to respecting your privacy and recognizing your need for appropriate protection and management of your personal data that you share with us. Personal data means information that identifies you as an individual or from which you may be identified. The purpose of this privacy policy is to inform you about personal data and other types of information we collect from you when you visit our web site, how we use that information, and the choices you have regarding our use of that information.

**What Information is Collected**

We collect your personal data for a legitimate business interest related to product offerings and services[](file://www.blissworld.com/C:/Users/jessika.napoli/AppData/Local/Microsoft/Windows/INetCache/Content.Outlook/VI9K8OLM/USA01-%2311781525-v2-bliss_privacy_policy.DOCX#_msocom_1). In general, you can visit many of our web pages without telling us who you are or revealing your personal data. When each user visits our web page, our web server automatically recognizes the user’s IP address, the Internet domain address from which users visit us, the website where users accessed a link that lead them to our site, the user’s type of browser, the user’s device and hardware used to access the site, search terms the user supplies on our website, and IP-based geographic information. We also match this data with purchase information from the site if a user makes a purchase. We analyze this data to develop information on trends and statistics, but individual users remain anonymous in this analysis. We do not treat this data, when not connected to your name, as personaldata. There may be times (such as when you purchase or order a product, subscribe to a service, register to receive catalogs, register your warranty with one of our products, or participate in contests, or promotions, etc.) when we ask you to provide certain information about yourself like your name, shipping/billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card information, birth date, gender, occupation, personal interests, etc. We also maintain a record of your online product purchases. Whether or not you provide such information is your choice. But, if you choose not to provide the information we request, you may be unable to purchase products or access certain services, warranty service, offers, or content on our website. Our website uses ‘cookies’. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to record session information, such as items that you add to your shopping cart. You can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.

**Using Information About You**

We do not sell your personaldata to other companies for their commercial purposes. We also do not share your information with other companies except for our Service Providers (there is more information about our Service Providers below). We use your personaldata for internal purposes, like confirming and tracking your order, subscription or registration; analyzing tends and statistics about our website; informing you of our new products, services, and offers; and providing you with information from and about Bliss and its brands. To serve you better, we combine information you give us online, in our spas, or through our catalogs. If you supply us with your postal address, you will [](file://www.blissworld.com/C:/Users/jessika.napoli/AppData/Local/Microsoft/Windows/INetCache/Content.Outlook/VI9K8OLM/USA01-%2311781525-v2-bliss_privacy_policy.DOCX#_msocom_1)receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive those mailings, please let us know by calling us at 888-243-8825, contacting us online, or writing to us at Bliss Direct Inc, 145 S. Fairfax, Suite 400 Los Angeles, CA 90036 Attention: Customer Service. We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including credit card processing, spa service booking, shipping, data management, product fulfillment, warranty service, promotional services, etc. We call these companies our Service Providers. They may be located in the United States or other countries. We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform services for us and for you. We also ask our service providers to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours and that they will not use your personaldata for any purpose other than providing their service to us. Despite what we’ve said above, we reserve the right to share your personaldata with others under certain circumstances. These are exceptions to the promises above. We will share your personal data with others if: 1. we believe we are required to do so in accordance with a law or to respond to a subpoena or court order; 2. we believe that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to enforce our Terms & Conditions; 3. we believe that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to take precautions against a possible legal liability; 4. we believe that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; 5. we believe that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to assist government agencies; 6. we believe that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the security or integrity of our website; 7. we believe that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, safety or property of us, our users, or third parties; 8. we becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or other transaction resulting in a change of control of Bliss or a sale of substantially all of our assets or of a particular product line or division of our business (in that case personaldata information may be transferred as part of the transaction and may become subject to the privacy policy of another entity); or 9. in order to establish or exercise our rights, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with a request. By providing personaldata to Bliss, you authorize Bliss: to collect, process, and use your personaldata for the lawful, Bliss business-related purposes described above. This authorization includes the right for Bliss to store your personaldata and to transmit it to various locations throughout the world (either directly or by using our Service Providers) including within the United States, your country of residence, or elsewhere.

**Retention of Information**

We retain personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law, or an individual requests that we delete information about them.[](file://www.blissworld.com/C:/Users/jessika.napoli/AppData/Local/Microsoft/Windows/INetCache/Content.Outlook/VI9K8OLM/USA01-%2311781525-v2-bliss_privacy_policy.DOCX#_msocom_1)  


Blissworld.com participates in online behavioral advertising. We use third-party advertising companies to display ads tailored to your interests based on how you shop online. This means that we use third party advertising networks to advertise our products and services to you when you visit other websites that are part of the advertising network. These third parties may also collect information directly from you as described in this Privacy Policy over time and across different websites. The privacy policy of these third party companies applies to their collection, use and disclosure of your information.These advertising networks may download cookies onto your computer, or use other technology like web beacons, to enable them to recognize your computer each time they send you an advertisement whether or not you are visiting our website or another website. As a result, the advertising networks have the ability to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe would be of most interest to you. We do not have access to or control of the cookies that may be placed on your computer by third-party advertising networks. We use remarketing services to advertise our products to you on third party web sites after you have visited our website. In some instances you can opt-out of receiving personalized ads from third party advertisers and ad networks. Advertisers and ad networks that are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising provide opt-out choices at the following websites: NAI Website DAA Website.

**Editing Information About You and Making Choices**

If you prefer not to receive information from us, or you wish to view, to delete or to correct personal data that we have about you, please let us know by: Emailing us: at customercare@blissmail.com Calling us: 888-243-8825 Or mailing us: Bliss Direct Inc 145 S. Fairfax Suite 400 Los Angeles, CA 90036 Attention: Customer Service. You may object to our continued processing of your personal data. If we receive an objection, we will evaluate whether we are required by law to discontinue such processing.

**Security  **

We take reasonable and appropriate steps to help keep information secure and to help prevent it from being unintentionally disclosed. Even though we follow reasonable procedures to try to protect the information in our possession, no security system is perfect so we cannot guarantee, and you should not expect, that your information will be secure in all circumstances. In the event that we are required to notify you about a situation involving your data, we may do so by email, telephone, or mail to the extent permitted by law.

**Policy Changes**

From time to time, we may want use customer personaldata for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our web site to notify you of these changes to our handling or personaldata and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses before we begin the new uses or practice. To[](file://www.blissworld.com/C:/Users/jessika.napoli/AppData/Local/Microsoft/Windows/INetCache/Content.Outlook/VI9K8OLM/USA01-%2311781525-v2-bliss_privacy_policy.DOCX#_msocom_1) the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information. You will be provided with notice of material changes to the Policy.

**Other Sites**

This Privacy Policy only applies to our website. Our website may include links to other sites, but we do not control the privacy practices of other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites.

**Do Not Track Signals**

Some web browsers and devices allow you to broadcast a preference that your activities online not be “tracked”. At this time, our website does not take action in response to “do not track” signals.

**Children**

We do not provide products and services to children. We do not knowingly collect or solicit information from children under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian of a child under the age of thirteen (13) and believe he or she has disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us using this link. A parent or guardian of a child under the age of thirteen (13) may review and request deletion of a child’s personally identifiable information as well as prohibit the use thereof. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove that information.   

**Your California Privacy Rights**

Residents of the state of California have the right to request that companies conducting business in California provide a list of all third-parties to which the company has disclosed personally identifiable information (as defined under California law) during the preceding year for third-party direct marketing purposes. We do not disclose personally identifiable information to third-parties for their direct marketing purposes.

**Transmitting Information to Other Countries**

Personal information may be processed in a country where you do not reside that has privacy laws that may be less stringent than the laws in your country. Where possible we take steps to treat personal information using the same privacy principles that apply pursuant to the law of the country in which we first received your information. By submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the United States. If you would like more information concerning our attempts to apply the privacy principles applicable in one jurisdiction to data when it goes to another jurisdiction you can contact us using the contact information below.

**Your Feedback/Questions**

To help us improve our privacy policy and practices, please give us your feedback of send us any questions you may have. You may send us an email to customercare@blissmail.com or write to us at Bliss Direct Inc, 145 S. Fairfax, Suite 400 Los Angeles, CA 90036, Attention: Direct Marketing Dept.[](file://www.blissworld.com/C:/Users/jessika.napoli/AppData/Local/Microsoft/Windows/INetCache/Content.Outlook/VI9K8OLM/USA01-%2311781525-v2-bliss_privacy_policy.DOCX#_msocom_1) If you are not satisfied with our response, and are in the European Union, you may have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority.

Effective Date: June 2018
