> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mycapture.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101122074750id_/http%3A//www.secondstreetmedia.com/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Second Street Media - Privacy Policy

Second Street Media is committed protecting your privacy. As a user of the Second Street Media web site (the "Site"), you acknowledge that we will collect certain information about you, and that you may provide information regarding your tastes and preferences. Collected information is used to process your orders and personalize your experience. Required information is protected by secure server software. By using the Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by Second Street Media and our affiliates. Any changes to Second Street Media's Privacy Policy will be posted on this page so you will always be aware of information collected, use, and disclosure circumstances. This statement sets forth our Privacy Policy and describes the practices Second Street Media follows with respect to information provided by visitors to this Site. Please be aware that this Site contains links to other sites that are covered by their own privacy policies. Second Street Media welcomes your input. Please e-mail: [support@secondstreetmedia.com](mailto:support@secondstreetmedia.com) with questions and comments. 

**Required Information**  
To purchase items via our Site and/or to become a myCapture or Upickem member, you must provide some basic name, email and other contact information. We use this information for internal purposes, namely, processing your orders, notifying you of your order status, updating your myCapture or Upickem account, and sending you notices of special offers and promotions, new services, and noteworthy news and events. We do not sell or rent information about our customers or email lists to third parties. However, we may share this information with our partners and affiliates to enable them to provide you with special benefits, offers, and promotions. myCapture and Upickem require separate registration for each of our partner websites and will only share your required information with these specific partners. Our partners and affiliates privacy policies and practices may be different from myCapture or Upickem's, and we encourage you to become familiar with them. myCapture and Upickem assume no responsibility for these policies. 

You can choose to not receive e-mails or updates about special benefits, promotions, or offers from either myCapture or Upickem, its affiliates, or its partners. You will be given the opportunity to elect not to receive such emails during the registration process. If you no longer wish to receive updates, you may update or correct this information by logging on to "Your Account" and editing your personal information or emailing [support@mycapture.com](mailto:support@mycapture.com) or [support@upickem.com](mailto:support@upickem.com). We will endeavor to comply with your request as quickly as possible. Please note that if you opt out of receiving promotional material from myCapture or Upickem, you still may receive such material from our worldwide partners, affiliates and as explained above. 

Any personal data (such as age and gender) you may provide is used to create personalized content, services, and advertising on our Site, as well as to better understand the preferences of our members and customers. We may also aggregate your Site activity so that myCapture or Upickem and our affiliates may better understand the users that are visiting our Site. In all cases, this aggregated data is anonymous and does not contain any personal information that identifies a user. 

**Send to a Friend Feature**  
myCapture offers a "Send to a Friend" feature where users to the site can email links to specific photos around the Internet. myCapture uses the email addresses supplied for this purpose - both the referral and return email address - only to complete this service a single time. These email addresses are not stored, shared, or otherwise used for any purpose. 

**Links**   
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Second Street Media is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site. 

**Legal Disclaimer**   
Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site. 

**Change of Address or Contact Information**  
If your e-mail address or contact information has changed or is incorrect, you may update or correct this information by logging on to "Your Account" and editing your personal information. 

**Security**  
When placing orders or accessing your account information, we offer the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access. If you are just browsing the Site, a cookie identifies only your browser. If you become a registered online customer of myCapture or Upickem (with a designated user ID and password), we use cookies so that we can provide customized information that we believe will be of value to you based on preferences indicated, other information we have about you as a myCapture or Upickem customer, as well as information available from external sources such as the census bureau. It is possible to set your browser to inform you when a cookie is being placed. This way, you have the opportunity to decide whether to accept the cookie. If you are just browsing our Site and are not a registered online customer, you do not have to accept a cookie and you may continue visiting the Site. 

If you have questions about Second Street Media Privacy Policy, please send an email to [support@secondstreetmedia.com](mailto:support@secondstreetmedia.com)

© Second Street Media. All Rights Reserved. Users of this Site agree to be bound by the terms of the Second Street Media Terms of Use. View Terms of Use and trademarks and Privacy Statement of Second Street Media. 
