> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mycouponworld.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-10-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081013211306id_/http%3A//mycouponworld.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MyCouponWorld

| [](https://web.archive.org/web/20081013211306id_/http%3A//mycouponworld.com/about.html) | [](https://web.archive.org/web/20081013211306id_/http%3A//mycouponworld.com/about.html)  
---|---  
[](https://web.archive.org/web/20081013211306id_/http%3A//mycouponworld.com/privacy.html) | [](https://web.archive.org/web/20081013211306id_/http%3A//mycouponworld.com/privacy.html)  
| [](https://web.archive.org/web/20081013211306id_/http%3A//mycouponworld.com/subscribe.html)  
| [](https://web.archive.org/web/20081013211306id_/http%3A//mycouponworld.com/unsubscribe.html)  
| [](https://web.archive.org/web/20081013211306id_/http%3A//mycouponworld.com/contact.html)  
|   
  | 

MyCouponWorld engages in 100% permission-based marketing. This Privacy Policy covers MyCouponWorld treatment of personally identifiable information that MyCouponWorld collects when you agree to receive email marketing from one of our partner websites. It is important that visitors are fully informed about the use of their personal information. 

MyCouponWorld is an email marketing service. As such, MyCouponWorld provides users with the cost-free opportunity to participate in special offers, products and/or services from other companies via email. Our service is governed by, amongst other laws, the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, and we are fully compliant with such law(s) as reasonably interpreted. 

MyCouponWorld does not own the offers, content, products or services of our marketing partners and advertisers, and therefore takes no responsibility for such offers, content, products or services. This Privacy Policy applies to and governs the data collected and used by MyCouponWorld and our network of permission domains. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the policies of our marketing partners or advertisers, or to their offers, content, products or services. 

MyCouponWorld may collect your information from several different sources. 

1) Registration/Co-Registration at an Affiliate Website: MyCouponWorld collects and manages data gathered during the registration process at several affiliate websites. Though we are selective with whom we partner, MyCouponWorld does not control the privacy and marketing practices of our marketing partners and takes no responsibility for such privacy and marketing practices. The information collected during the co-registration process will include, at a minimum, the registrant's email address, and will typically include such other information provided during the registration/collection process as the user's first name, last name, postal address, city, state, zip code, gender and/or birthday or age. The registrant's IP address, access date/time and source of the registration will also be collected if available. Upon receiving user information from an affiliate website, you will be sent email messages regularly, each of which shall include clear and conspicuous ways for you to unsubscribe from our list. Unless you submit an unsubscribe request, you will be considered a willing and voluntary member of MyCouponWorld mailing list and will continue to receive offers from MyCouponWorld via email until you do submit an unsubscribe request. 

2) Registration at the mycouponworld.com Website: To become a member and be added to MyCouponWorld mailing list, registrants are required to submit their first name, last name, email address, postal address, city, state, zip code, gender and age. Upon registration we may also collect certain information about your computer hardware and software, such as your IP address and access date/time. MyCouponWorld does not collect your information at MyCouponWorld website without your express knowledge and consent. All information collected at MyCouponWorld website must be voluntarily submitted by the user. Once you join our mailing list, you will be sent email messages regularly, each of which shall include clear and conspicuous ways for you to unsubscribe from our list . Unless you submit an unsubscribe request, you will be considered a willing and voluntary member of MyCouponWorld and will continue to receive offers from MyCouponWorld via email until you do submit an unsubscribe request. 

3) Contests and Surveys: From time to time, MyCouponWorld may run a contest or sweepstakes on our site or via email. In order to participate, we will ask you for additional personal or demographic information that we do not have on file. By submitting any information, you expressly and unconditionally grant MyCouponWorld the right to use that information as we see fit in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

This Policy governs our use of all information collected, whether under MyCouponWorld brand/permission or another brand/permission. All information collected by MyCouponWorld is used for marketing purposes. Based on your willingness to submit your information and be reached by our marketing partners and advertisers, MyCouponWorld is able to provide you with free information and offers by email or other avenues on products and services that may be of interest to you. 

MyCouponWorld may rent, lease, share or sell user information and/or work with other businesses to bring selected opportunities to you at our sole discretion. Our marketing partners may use user information in accordance with their own privacy policies, which may include, without limitation, email marketing, telephone solicitation, lookup and reference applications and/or enhancement services. Though we are selective with whom we partner, promote and/or work, MyCouponWorld does not control their privacy or marketing practices and takes no responsibility for such privacy or marketing practices or the accuracy of their privacy policies. We strongly urge that you read each marketer's privacy policy in order to better understand how your information is collected, used and shared by such entities. 

In order to comply with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003 as reasonably interpreted, MyCouponWorld may be required, from time to time, to share with our marketing partners the email addresses of those individuals that have been removed from our list pursuant to an unsubscribe request or otherwise. This 'suppression file' shall be used solely to ensure that the removed user does not receive unwanted email messages. Additionally, certain components of our service may be provided by marketing partners or third-parties. Some of these partners may require some or all of the user information that we have on file. When necessary, MyCouponWorld will provide this information to our partners or third-parties. 

MyCouponWorld may also disclose personal information when required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary in order to conform to the edicts of the law, including, without limitation, the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, or comply with a legal process served on us or one of our marketing-partners of advertisers. 

MyCouponWorld is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. All collected information is stored in a technically and physically secure environment to protect against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Access to this information is strictly limited and not accessible to the public. Notwithstanding, we take no responsibility for a breach in security. 

MyCouponWorld does not promote, endorse or condone the use or dissemination of pornographic material. Nevertheless, the offers, content, products and services promoted by MyCouponWorld are not intended for, targeted to or designed for users under eighteen (18) years of age. Users under eighteen (18) years of age are strictly prohibited from joining or participating in the free service provided by MyCouponWorld and you should immediately unsubscribe from our mailing list unless you have received your parents' consent to submit your personal information and participate in our service. 

Users may unsubscribe from a specific mailing list at any time. In each email sent, there is an unsubscribe link that allows the recipient to unsubscribe from the specific marketing program by clicking the link provided and following the instructions that follow. We attempt to process all unsubscribe requests in a prompt manner. However, if you unsubscribe, we cannot guarantee that you will never receive another email from us, because we may obtain your email address in the future through a different email marketing program that you have opted into. We can guarantee, however, that if you should ever receive another email communication from MyCouponWorld, you will be able to remove your email address via the unsubscribe link. 

MyCouponWorld reserves the right to revise or update this Privacy Policy at our own discretion at any time. All Privacy Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the MyCouponWorld website. We encourage you to regularly visit mycouponworld.com to review this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the MyCouponWorld website or acceptance of our emails following the posting of changes to these terms will mean that you accept these changes and agree to continue receiving emails from us. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you may unsubscribe from our services. 

Your California Privacy Rights   
The following applies only to California residents.   
As stated above, MyCouponWorld collects various types of personal information about you during the course of our customer relationship. Under California law, if you are a resident of California, you may make a written request to MyCouponWorld about how we have shared your information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. In response to your written request, MyCouponWorld is allowed to provide you with a notice describing the cost-free means to opt-out of our sharing your information with third parties with whom we do not share the same brand name, if the third party will use it for their direct marketing purposes.   
If you would like to exercise your rights under California law, please send your written request to the email address [info@mycouponworld.com](mailto:info@mycouponworld.com). Your written request must include your postal address so that we may provide you with our notice and third party direct marketing opt-out form. The MyCouponWorld will provide you with this form within thirty (30) days of receiving your written request. We will not honor such request more than once per calendar year. 

|  
