> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mycouponbuddy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120618005020id_/http%3A//mycouponbuddy.com/index.php/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# EULA & Privacy Policy

Coupon Buddy is an application offered by Revolution Commerce. It is designed to help ensure that you never miss a coupons, deal, or special offers. When you visit a website of a merchant or affiliate store that participates in the coupon program, Coupon Buddy is designed to recognize the website to determine whether there are coupons, deals, or special offers available. If there are applicable coupons, deals, or special offers available, we will make all reasonable business efforts to display an alert with the coupons, unless the website has informed  us that Coupon Buddy alerts cannot be posted for that website. You may then click on the alert displayed to see all specific coupons, deals, and special offers found as you browse the website. Coupon Buddy also maintains a website at [mycouponbuddy.com](http://www.mycouponbuddy.com/), which allows users to search the same data that powers our application.

Coupon Buddy is an optional application and you can always choose whether to use it or not as part of your browsing experience. You can remove or disable the application at any time.

For any questions or comments, please contact us using the information at the bottom of this page.

## What Information We Collect and Why

Coupon Buddy aims to provide users with the most relevant coupon, deal, and special offer information. The primary way we accomplish these goals is by working closely with well-known national retailers as well as specialty boutiques (our "Affiliate Stores").

Users who have elected to add the Coupon Buddy application will receive shopping alerts based on their browser activity. These alerts will be for special deals and/or stores that are pertinent to what the user is currently viewing within their browser.

Coupon Buddy uses cookie technology to understand general information on site traffic trends such as most frequently visited pages or affiliate stores. This information is captured on an aggregate basis, is not specific to individual users, and enables us to continually improve our web site content and plugin functionality. Coupon Buddy also tracks when individual users install, actively use, upgrade, or uninstall our application -- this helps us better understand what features are working and what features are not.

Our website, [mycouponbuddy,com](http://www.mycouponbuddy.com/), allows users to log in with Facebook Connect if they want to participate in our loyalty program (details still being finalized), or post deals for users of both our website and application to enjoy.  The information we collect from Facebook Connect includes first name, last name, email address, and Facebook ID. If you make a post on our site your first name and last name will appear publicly and be associated with that post. In the future we may send coupons and deals to your e-mail address, however you will have the ability to opt-out of such emails if you so desire. Our decision to use Facebook connect was to make it more diffic ult for members to falsify their identity, which is particularly important as our loyalty program is put in place.

We sometimes make available to users on our site specific offers from third party companies. Please note that any personal information that you provide on our site to take advantage of such third party offers may also be retained by Coupon Buddy.

Both our application and web site contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.

## With Whom We Share Your Information

Your browser activity is used to trigger personalized shopping. The composite tracking information generated by cookies and otherwise, as outlined above, may be shared with third parties for the purpose of documenting site activity and other trends. In the course of our day-to-day business, we may employ outside companies and individuals to perform functions for us, such as removing duplicate information or providing database analysis. These vendors have access to only the non-personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.  Information provided to us via Facebook Connect will not be shared with third parties without your consent.

## Your Privacy as Telated to Our Affiliate Store

Each Affiliate store that Coupon Buddy works with maintains its own privacy statement and we encourage you to read these individual policies. We can neither enforce nor monitor the Privacy Policies of Affiliate Stores. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by Coupon Buddy. Coupon Buddy does not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third party Web sites including all framed sites. Moreover, Coupon Buddy disclaims all responsibility for the subsequent use of an email address or any other personally identifiable information you have provided to an Affiliate Store.

## Deactivating Coupon Buddy

Upon installation, Coupon Buddy members are opted-in to receive alerts of coupons, deals, and special offers while they shop. If a user no longer wishes to receive alerts, they may uninstall Coupon Buddy using Windows Uninstaller (for Internet Explorer) or the FireFox plugin manager (for Firefox).

## Miscellaneous

As our company changes and grows, we might sell or buy companies, subsidiaries, or assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets. Also, in the event that Coupon Buddy or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your member information may be one of the transferred assets. By using Coupon Buddy, you agree that you have read, understand and agree with our Privacy Policy in its entirety, and consent to be bound by all said Terms and Conditions. You further acknowledge Coupon Buddy's right to change this policy, without prior notification, and our commitment to post any such changes on this page so that you are fully informed. We encourage users to check back from time to time, as your continued use shall be deemed to be your acceptance of the modified terms.

Due to the rapidly evolving nature of the Internet, Coupon Buddy reserves the right to make changes in this privacy policy. Please check this page periodically for changes.

If you have additional questions or concerns about Coupon Buddy's Privacy Policy and/or practices, please contact us: **  
Revolution Commerce  
4525 Dean Martin Dr. #2906  
Las Vegas, NV 89103  
Email: [admin@mycouponbuddy.com](mailto:admin@mycouponbuddy.com)**
