> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mycouponglee.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110610150845id_/http%3A//www.mycouponglee.com/Shrd/Docs/Privacy.aspx%3FType%3DCoupons) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# © Copyright 2010 TGLF, A.P.C.

**Amplify Media**

**Privacy Policy**

Last Updated Feb 1, 2011

________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

This Privacy Policy governs your use of this Website and any content, products or services made available from or through this website including any sub domains thereof (“Website”) and is incorporated into the terms of use governing your use of the Website.     

By visiting this Website and requesting information, products or services offered on or through this Website, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, as they may be amended from time to time.  As we update or expand our Website, services or products, this policy may change and the changes are effective upon posting. Please check back frequently for updates as it is your sole responsibility to be aware of changes.  We do not provide notice of changes in any manner other than by posting the changes at this Website. This Website is intended for users who are located in the United States of America.  The Privacy Policy shall be interpreted under the laws of the United States.

**1.0.       Information We Collect. **

**1.1.**       Personal Information.  Each time you provide or transmit information via the Website, we collect the personal information you provide including, but not limited to, your name, email address, mailing address and telephone or cell phone number (collectively referred to as "Personal Information"). 

**1.2.**       Survey Information.  We may collect Personal Information from you when you voluntarily complete a Company survey, order form, or a registration page either online by using the internet or offline by providing this information through the mail, in person or using a telephone. This information may be collected by third parties. In such Surveys, you provide Personal Information including your name, email address, street address, zip code, telephone numbers (including cell phone numbers and carriers), birth date, gender, salary range, education and marital status, occupation, employment information, personal and online interests, and such other information as may be requested. We may also collect such information concerning you from another source and use that information in combination with information provided from the Website or Surveys. Completing the Surveys is completely voluntary, and you are under no obligation to provide Survey Information to Company or a third party. 

**1.3.**       Third Party Information.  Company may collect Personal Information from you when you provide information to a third party and We subsequently acquire the right to use the information from the third party. Such information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, street address, zip code, telephone numbers (including cell phone numbers and carriers), birth date, gender, salary range, education and marital status, occupation, industry of employment, personal and online interests, and such other information you may have provided to the third party. When acquiring this information, We seek assurances from the third party that you expressly agreed to allow us to use the same.  If you did not give express permission, or you would like to remove your permission, you may suppress all of your information by sending notification to us at unsubscribe@MyCouponGlee.com.

**1.4.**       Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Technology.  When you visit our website we send one or more cookies [a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters]  to your computer. We use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our website. If you wish to remove this persistent cookie, look in your browser’s “Help Menu” to learn the correct way to modify your cookie setup. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on the website. Also, when you use the website or open one of our HTML emails, our technology automatically records certain data.  This technology includes clear gifs or web beacons, cookies, IP addresses, IP addresses and log files. The data we collect in this manner  includes your browsing activity; web browser type; the website that referred you to us or we are referring you to, the pages you viewed on the website; and the dates and times that you visited the website.  Technology on the Internet, including cookies and web beacons, is rapidly developing. As a result, we strongly encourage you to revisit this policy for any updates regarding use of new technology. 

**1.5.**       No Information Collected from Children.  Company will never knowingly collect any Personal Information about children under the age of 13.  If Company obtains actual knowledge that it has collected Personal Information about a child under the age of 13, that information will be immediately deleted from its database.  

**2.0.       Disclosure of Personal Information. **

**2.1.**       Automatic Disclosure.  We automatically disclose your Personally Information to our advertisers and third-party ad servers in order to effect or carry out any transaction that you have requested of us or as necessary to complete your request for products or services. These third parties may match this data with information that they have previously collected about you under their own privacy policies, which you should consult on a regular basis.

**2.2**        Service Provider Disclosure.  We disclose both your Personally Information and automatically collected information to our clients, affiliated companies, and third parties to provide website maintenance and security and fulfillment requests. These parties assist us in improving the way our website works and looks and to create new features. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our Privacy Policy. 

**3.0   Use of Personal Information.**

**3.1       **Third Party Disclosure.  WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO SELL, LEASE OR TRANSFER YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO FOR ANY PURPOSE IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION. We prohibit the sale or transfer of personal information to non-affiliated entities for their use without giving you the opportunity to opt-out (See Opt-Out below). We may share your personally identifiable information with companies that are directly or indirectly controlled by, or under common control of us. We may send personally identifiable information about you to non-affiliated companies that are not directly or indirectly controlled by, or under common control of us. 

**3.2**.      Email Offers.  We use your Personal Information to provide third party promotional offers by email to you. You may receive certain commercial email messages sent by third parties for products which may be of interest to you but are not related to us.  In such case, an advertiser's name will appear in the "From:" and the email will have a method at the bottom of the email to unsubscribe from that Advertiser.   Company is not responsible for third party emails sent to you.  If you wish stop such emails, please follow the instructions at the end of each email message to unsubscribe from the particular advertiser.  To unsubscribe from all our email lists, you must send an email to unsubscribe@MyCouponGlee.com.

**3.3.**       Targeted Advertising.  We may use your Personal Information to target advertising to you.  When you are using the Internet, we use Technology Information to associate you with your Personal Information, and attempt to show you advertising for products and services in which you have expressed an interest. We may, in our discretion, target advertising by using email, direct mail, telephones, cell phones, and other means of communication to provide promotional offers.

**3.4.**       Telemarketing.  We may use your Personal Information to advertise, directly or indirectly, to you using telephones and cell phones. By registering and using this Site, you agree that such act constitutes a purchase, an inquiry and/or an application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule, 16 CFR §310 et seq. (the "ATSR"). Notwithstanding that your telephone number may be listed on the Federal Trade Commission's Do-Not-Call List or a state Do-Not-Call List, you have authorized us to contact you via telemarketing in accordance with the ATSR.  Moreover, by registering with, or requesting information from, a third-party advertiser at or through the Website or other advertisement media made available by us (e.g., email marketing), you agree that such action shall constitute a purchase, an inquiry and/or an application with the respective third-party advertiser for purposes of the ATSR and you may be contacted via email, direct mail and/or telemarketing by such third-party advertiser in accordance with the ATSR.

**3.5.**      Wireless Addresses.  If the e-mail address you provide to us is a wireless e-mail address, you agree to receive messages at such address from us or our business associates (unless and until you have elected not to receive such messages by following the instructions in the unsubscribe portion of this policy).  You understand that your wireless carrier's standard rates apply to these messages.  You represent that you are the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges.

You may remove your information by sending your request in writing via email to unsubscribe@MyCouponGlee.com or by sending "STOP", "END", "QUIT" to the text message you received.

**3.6.**       Short Message Service.  We may make available a service through which you can receive messages on your wireless device via short message service (“SMS Service”).  Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS service may include your name, address, cell phone number, your provider's name, and the date, time, and content of your messages. You represent that you are 18 years of age and the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges.  In addition to any fee of which you are notified your provider's standard messaging rates apply to our confirmation and all subsequent SMS correspondence.  All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. We will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages, as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator. SMS message services are provided on an AS IS basis.  We may also obtain the date, time and content of your messages in the course of your use of the SMS Service.  We will use the information we obtain in connection with our SMS Service in accordance with this Privacy Policy.  If fees are charged to your wireless account invoice, we may provide your carrier with your applicable information in connection therewith.  Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies.

            You acknowledge and agree that the SMS Service is provided via wireless systems which use radios (and other means) to transmit communications over complex networks.  We do not guarantee that your use of the SMS Service will be private or secure, and we are not liable to you for any lack of privacy or security you may experience.  You are fully responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the SMS Service.  We may also access the content of your account and wireless account with your carrier for the purpose of identifying and resolving technical problems and service-related complaints. 

            You may remove your information by sending your request in writing via email to unsubscribe@MyCouponGlee.com or by sending "STOP", "END", "QUIT" to the SMS text message you have received.

**3.7.**       Technology Information.  We may use Technology Information (1) to match your Personal Information and Third Party List Information to other categories of Personal Information to make and improve profiles of you; (2) to track your online browsing habits on the Internet; (3) determine which areas of our website are visited by you, the length of time you remain on such area, any actions taken by you while on our website, and (4) target advertising to you. 

**3.8.**       Third Party Offers.  We may provide your Personal Information to third parties  who will send you third party offers of goods and services that might be of interest to you. You may have no relationship with these other companies. 

**3.9.**       Complying with Legal Process.  We will use and disclose your Personal Information in response to subpoenas, court orders, warrants, or legal process, or to otherwise establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. We will use and disclose your Personal Information if we believe you will harm our property or rights or those of our owners or other customers and clients. Finally, we will use or disclose your Personal Information if we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Company’s acceptable use policy, or as otherwise required by law when responding to subpoenas, court orders and other legal processes. 

**3.10.**    Affiliations/Merger/Sale.  We reserve the right to disclose, transfer or sell your Personal Information to companies who are affiliated with us in our sole discretion.  If We change ownership through an acquisition, merger, sale or other change of business status, We reserves the right to transfer or assign the right to use your Personal Information collected from the Website.

**4.0.       Privacy Practices of Third Parties.**

**4.1.**       Advertiser cookies and web beacons. Advertising agencies, advertising networks, and other companies who place advertisements on the websites and on the internet generally may use their own cookies, web beacons, and other technology to collect information about you. We do not control the use of such technology and have no responsibility for the use of such technology to gather information about you. 

**4.2.**       Links.  The websites and email messages sometimes contain hypertext links to the websites of third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites. Such links are provided for your convenience and reference only. We do not operate or control in any respect any information, software, products or services available on such third party websites. The inclusion of a link to a website does not imply any endorsement of the services or the site, its contents, or its sponsoring organization. 

**5.0.       Foreign use of the Website**.  To the extent that you are accessing the Website while domiciled outside of the United States, you acknowledge that the Personal Information you are providing us is collected and stored in the United States and therefore consent to the transfer of information to and storage of the information outside of your domiciled country and in the United States. 

**6.0        Security**

We endeavor to safeguard and protect your information. When you submit information at the website, such information is protected both online and offline. The servers in which we store Personal Information are kept in a secure physical environment. We have security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of personal information under our control. Currently, We use Secure Socket Layer Software ("SSL") to protect data and to secure any transactions. SSL encrypts information, including credit card numbers, names and addresses as they are transmitted over the Internet. Please be advised that, although We take reasonable precautions to protect your Personal Information, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Therefore, We cannot and do not warrant that your information will be absolutely secure. Any transmission of data at or through our website is at your own risk. However, access to your information is strictly limited, and not accessible to the public.

**7.0        Choice/Opt-out**

If you no longer wish to receive emails or calls from us or third parties to whom we have provided your Personal Information, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each email or communication or by emailing us at privacy@MyCouponGlee.com. 

In some cases if you decline to share personal information, we will not be able to provide certain services to you. You may update, correct, or delete your personal information and preferences at any time by contacting us at privacy@MyCouponGlee.com. We will respond to your request within 10 days. 

**8.0.       California User Consumer Rights.  **California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents who have provided Personal Information to Company or third parties under a list management arrangement with Company to request certain information regarding Company’s disclosure of such information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. Within thirty days of receiving such a request, we will provide a list of the categories of Personal Information disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. This request may be made no more than once per calendar year. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the address specified in this section. If you have questions about this policy, please contact us at privacy@MyCouponGlee.com or in writing at MyCouponGlee.com   
59 Damonte Ranch Pkwy, B155, Reno, NV, 89521.

**9.1        Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy**

This Privacy Policy may be revised periodically, and this will be reflected under the main header of this page.  If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and/or other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here. In general, we only use your personal information in the manner described in the Privacy Policy in effect when we received that personal information. YOUR CONTINUED USE OF THE WEBSITE AFTER POSTING OF A CHANGE CONSTITUTES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND ANY FUTURE REVISIONS. 
