> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mycontent.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100525032550id_/http%3A//www.mycontent.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# mycontent.com - Privacy Policy

Your privacy is important to us at MyContent.com, LLC(“MyContent”). Our online privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the types of information we gather from those persons visiting the Internet website www.mycontent.com (the “Site”) and how we use that information. 

We may collect two types of information from users of our Site: "personally identifiable information" (such as first name, last name, e-mail address, phone number, etc.) and "aggregate information" (such as frequency of visits to the Site, Site pages most frequently accessed, browser type, etc.).  We use this information in an effort to improve your experience on the Site, to communicate with you about the Site or special offers, and to help us develop and improve our Site. 

We only collect personally identifiable information that is voluntarily provided by visitors  of the Site when visitors become a registered member of the Site.  For example, registered members must provide their first name, last name, and email address as part of the registration process. 

In order to view and purchase content on the Site that is _not_ designated as free by a content owner, you must be a registered member.  In addition, to view content that is _not_ designated as free, you will need to provide your credit card information to make the proper payment. 

If you want to view content that has been offered for free by content owners on the Site, you are not required to become a registered member or provide any personally identifiable information. 

We also collect aggregate information, which is non-personally identifiable/anonymous information, such as frequency of visits to the Site, Site pages most frequently accessed, browser type, etc.  Aggregate Information is used in a collective manner, and no single person can be identified by that compiled information. 

We may collect IP addresses to obtain aggregate information on the Site.  An IP address is a number assigned to your computer by a web server when you are on the web.  When you are on our Site, we have a back-end server that logs your computer's IP address.  We only use the information we find out from tracking IP addresses in the aggregate, such as how many users entered a specific area of our Site, and not to track a specific IP address to identify an individual user. However, we may use such information to identify a user if we feel that there are or may be safety and/or security issues or to comply with legal requirements. 

We do not share, sell or trade with third parties your personally identifiable information gathered online, except as described in this Privacy Policy. 

We will not sell, share, trade or otherwise disclose personally identifiable information with third parties for their own marketing purposes. 

We may share personally identifiable information with third party service providers, such as companies who send e-mails on behalf of MyContent, credit card processing companies, etc. These third parties are not authorized to retain, share, store or use your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than completion of the services for which they were hired.

We do not share personally identifiable information collected on the Site with content owners.  If you become a fan of a particular content owner, then the content owner will have access to your user name only (and any additional information you voluntarily decide to provide to the content owner).

Finally, in the following circumstances we may share or transfer personally identifiable information to unrelated third parties: (i) to comply with a legal requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us; (ii) to investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; (iii) in connection with the sale, purchase, merger, reorganization, liquidation or dissolution of either of our companies; or (iv) when we believe it is appropriate to do so to protect the rights, property, or safety of our companies or other persons.  

We may sell, share or trade compiled aggregate information with third parties. As stated earlier, no single person can be identified by such aggregate information. 

On the Site, we provide message boards and profile pages for registered members to post comments and messages for others to read.  We may collect technical information about your post, such as the IP address from which you posted, and associate this information with your messages.  Even if messages are deleted, we may retain copies and attendant information indefinitely. 

When you post messages to the message boards or profile pages, certain registration information, such as your user name, may be available to the public. Also note that any personally identifiable information you include in the body of your message or on profile pages will be available to the public so it is important for you to exercise discretion and appropriate caution when deciding to reveal personally identifiable information in these areas. 

Cookies are pieces of information which websites transfer to your computer’s web browser for storage on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to measure activity on our Site, which allows us to improve navigation throughout our Site. In addition, cookies on the Site may contain information (such as an unique user ID), which tracks the pages of the Site you have visited. This information allows us to make updates to enhance your experience. Parts of the Site will not function if you do not have cookies enabled. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you turn off cookies or refuse them, though, you will not be able to use every portion of our Site.  

We are concerned about the safety of children when they use the Internet, and are aware that children may not understand all the provisions of our Privacy Policy or make informed decisions about the choices that are made available to adult users of the Site. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the sites their children visit.  Our Site is not directed to children under the age of 13, and we will never request personally identifiable information from anyone whom we know to be under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent. 

This Site contains links to websites operated by other people or companies.  Those websites may have their own privacy policy or no privacy policy at all.  We do not control the content of those websites and takes no responsibility for their content, nor should it be implied that we endorse or otherwise recommend such sites or the products or services offered.  We encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms of use of any third party sites or services before providing any of them with any of your personally identifiable information. 

The security of your personally identifiable information is important to us and we are committed to handling your information carefully.  We restrict access to your personally identifiable information to employees who need to know that information in order to provide services. In addition, we make reasonable efforts to follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personally identifiable information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it.  Finally, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect the security of credit card information you provide on our Site. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, however, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. IN NO EVENT WILL MyContent.com, LLC, OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, PARENTS, AFFILIATES, agents, licensors, suppliers OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THIS SITE BE LIABLE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF: (I) THIS SITE, YOUR ACCESS, USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE; (ii) ANY FAILURE OR PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS OR LINE OR SYSTEM FAILURE (INCLUDING LOSS PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, AND DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM INACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION OR INCONVENIENCE, DELAY, OR LOSS OF THE USE OF THE SITE); (III) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE, (IV) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY.  THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS APPLY WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF MyContent.com, LLC OR OUR PARTNERS OR AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

We reserve the right to update or modify this Policy, at any time and without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this Policy on our Site.

In the event that we sell substantially all of our assets, or one of our business units are acquired, personally identifiable information along with aggregate information collected on the Site will likely be one of the transferred assets. 

If your name, e-mail or other personally identifiable information changes, you may update, correct or omit the relevant information by contacting us at  privacy@mycontent.com.

If you prefer not to receive marketing e-mails from us, please click on the unsubscribe link within any marketing e-mail you receive from us. Please note that such requests may take up to ten (10) days to become effective.

If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy or the information collection and dissemination practices of this Site, please contact us at privacy@mycontent.com.
