> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sciencelovelsd.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-11-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121127094010id_/http%3A//sciencelovelsd.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Science, Love and LSD

This website uses third party advertising networks to serve ads to the visitors of the website. These companies may use information about your visit in order to provide relevant advertisements about goods and services that are of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here. http://www.networkadvertising.org/

This website uses Google Analytics to gather statistics on website usage. The tool uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source.
