> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sciencechannel.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021205094638id_/http%3A//www.science.discovery.com/utilities/about/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy -- Discovery Science

Discovery.com respects your privacy, and we want you to understand the ways in which we do and don't use the information that you transmit when you visit our Web site. This statement discloses the privacy practices for all Discovery.com Web sites except for areas of Discovery.com directed to children, including Discovery Kids and the Students area of Discovery School, which have their own policy specially developed to protect kids. 

**A Note to Kids**  
If you've left the Discovery Kids Site or the Students Area of Discovery School and you're exploring the other places that Discovery.com has to offer — good for you! Do a little digging and have some fun! But remember, you should still get permission from your parents before sending any information about yourself (such as your name, email address and phone number) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. And a note to parents: We won't knowingly allow anyone under 13 to register with any of our sites or to access those features that require registration. 

**Basics**  
The information gathered by Discovery.com falls into two categories: (1) information voluntarily supplied by visitors to our Web sites through optional registration and (2) tracking information routinely gathered as visitors navigate through our sites. 

To make use of certain features on our Web sites (such as My Discovery, Discovery Travel and the Discovery Store), visitors need to register and to provide certain information as part of the registration process. (We may ask, for example, for your name, email address, gender, age and zip code, and we might request information on your interest in science, animals, nature, travel, sports, books, television programs and the like.) The information you supply will help us to offer you more personalized features, to tailor our sites to your interests and to make them more useful to you. 

The more you tell us about yourself, the more value we can offer you. Supplying such information is entirely voluntary. But if you don't supply the information we need, we may be unable to provide you with services we make available to other visitors to our sites. For example, we can't offer you online travel reservations without knowing how to book your trip, personalized TV schedule listings and program reminders for Discovery Channel, The Learning Channel, Animal Planet or any of our other TV offerings if you don't tell us which programs and topics you're interested in. And we can't send you email alerting you to any new service we're offering or breaking news that may interest you if you don't tell us your preferences and give us your email address. Similarly, we can't notify you that you've been lucky enough to win a prize in a promotional contest if we don't know how to contact you. 

Of course, even if you want to remain completely anonymous, you're still free to take advantage of the wealth of content available on our sites without registration. 

**For Users of DiscoveryHealth.com**  
We recognize that the confidentiality of medical and health-related information is of special concern to many visitors to DiscoveryHealth.com. Discovery is committed to safeguarding your medical privacy. We will not share with ANY third party personally identifiable information relating to medical conditions or health-related interests that you might disclose on DiscoveryHealth.com unless you opt in to our sharing that data. 

**Cookies**  
To help make our sites more responsive to the needs of our visitors, we invoke a standard feature found in browser software, called a "cookie," to assign each visitor a unique, random number, a sort of anonymous user ID that resides on your computer. The cookie doesn't actually identify the visitor, just the computer that a visitor uses to access our site. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself (through registration, for example), we won't know who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your computer. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply. A cookie can't read data off your hard drive. Our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser, a process that we don't control. 

We use cookies to help us tailor our site to your needs, to deliver a better, more personalized service. In addition, we may use cookies to track the pages on our sites visited by our users. We can build a better site if we know which pages our users are visiting and how often. Of course, you can set your browser not to accept cookies, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other visitors to our sites. 

**IP Addresses**  
Our Web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer's connection to the Internet, including your IP address, when you visit our sites. (Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data — such as the Web pages you view.) Your IP address does not identify you personally. We use this information to deliver our Web pages to you upon request, to tailor our sites to the interests of our users and to measure traffic within our sites. 

**Information Sharing and Sites Beyond Discovery.com**  
To make our sites more valuable to our visitors, we may offer some features in conjunction with other providers. Our travel email fan clubs, for example, are made available through cooperative arrangements with providers that specialize in operating such services and that will receive the information you provide when you register for, and use, these services. To take advantage of these services, you may need to provide personal information to us and to the other provider. And, of course, our sites include links to plenty of other Web sites whose privacy policies we don't control. Once you leave our servers (you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you're visiting. And when you provide information in the course of obtaining products or services through our site, use of any information you provide may be governed by the privacy policy of the provider of those products or services, even if it appears that you're on Discovery-branded pages throughout the transaction. That policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site's homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information. 

When we present information to our advertisers — to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our Web sites — it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our sites. From time to time, we may share information on visitors to our sites with those marketing products and services that we believe might be of interest to you. Please indicate on our My Discovery registration form if you'd prefer we not share such information with them. If you so indicate on our registration form, we won't share information about you with anyone other than those identified when the information is collected. And, of course, you are always free not to input the information we request (though this may make it impossible for us to provide certain services we make available to other visitors to our sites). If you want to change your election (or review, update or delete the information you provided on registering), just return to the registration form, enter the changes you want to make and resubmit the form. Sometimes, we might also contact you directly about our own or others' products and services. If you'd prefer that we not do so, just indicate on your registration form that you prefer not to receive offers and information. And remember, you can always change your preferences. 

**Encryption and Security**  
All information gathered on any Discovery.com Web site is encrypted for storage within a Discovery.com-controlled database. Discovery.com seeks to safeguard the information you provide. As effective as encryption technology is, however, no security system is completely impenetrable, so we cannot guarantee the absolute security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. And, of course, any information you include in a message you post to any chat room, forum or other public-posting area is available to anyone with Internet access. If you don't want people to know your email address, for example, don't include it in any message you post publicly. 

**The Discovery Store**  
Discovery.com knows that the confidentiality of purchase-related information is of special concern to visitors who purchase items through DiscoveryStore.com. Discovery.com is committed to safeguarding this information. We will not share any personally identifiable information (such as your name, address or telephone number) that you provide us when you make a purchase through DiscoveryStore.com with any other company, except where necessary for the vendor to fulfill the order. However, to help provide you with the best possible shopping experience, we may provide our strategic partners, vendors and advertisers with aggregated information (information that doesn't identify anyone personally) about those who have purchased items through the Discovery Store. We may also use the information you provide us when you make a purchase through DiscoveryStore.com to tell you about new products, services and special offers that we believe might be of interest to you. If you would prefer not to be contacted about such products, services or special offers, please let us know by checking the box marked "No Special Notices" located in the checkout section of the Discovery Store. 

**Discovery Travel**  
We are committed to safeguarding the information you submit to us when you make travel reservations and purchase travel services through Discovery Travel. We will not share any of the personally identifiable information (such as your name, address or telephone number) that you provide when you request information about a trip, make a reservation or purchase travel services through Discovery Travel, except to the company (for example, an airline, tour operator, hotel or travel agent such as Away.com) providing such services. We encourage you to enjoy Discovery Travel and all it has to offer, but please note that if you do request information or reserve or book a trip, it is likely that one of our preferred online travel providers will be fulfilling your request and receiving your personal information. 

**Sweepstakes and Contests**  
From time to time, Discovery.com may offer contests, sweepstakes or other promotions (collectively "contests") on our sites. If you enter a contest, you'll have to provide information about yourself (such as your name, address, and email address) so that we can contact you if you win. We may share this information with any co-sponsor of the contest (as identified in the rules). If you don't want us to collect the information requested in the contest registration form or to provide it to contest co-sponsors, please don't enter the contest. 

**A Final Note:**  
The Web is an evolving medium. If we need to change our privacy policy at some point in the future, we'll post the changes here. Of course, our use of information gathered while the current policy is in effect will always be consistent with the current policy, even if we change that policy later. If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please send an email to [privacypolicy@discovery.com](mailto:privacy_policy@discovery.com). Thanks for making the Discovery.com family of Web sites a part of your discoveries online! 

_Last Updated: June 5, 2001_
