> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the scientology.org privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080616225536id_/http%3A//www.scientology.org/feature/legal/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Scientology Materials Catalog - Privacy Policy

**Scientology Materials & Services Catalog**

**PRIVACY POLICY**

      We are dedicated to respecting the privacy rights of all visitors to our web site. By using this web site, you signify your assent to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20080616225536id_/http%3A//www.scientology.org/feature/legal/terms.html). If you do not agree with any term in this Privacy Policy or our Terms of Use, kindly exit this web site. 

       Any personal information collected on the site including your name, e-mail address, postal address, any demographic information or on-line purchasing information is protected and is not given out to any other organizations or individuals other than to Bridge Publications, Inc. or New Era Publications Inc, or the Church of Scientology Organization you have chosen for the fulfillment of a materials order or for promotional offers specifically from Bridge Publication, Inc or New Era Publications Inc or the aforementioned Church of Scientology Organization or as indicated in this Privacy Policy. 

       Please note that your information will be stored and processed on our computers in the United States. The laws on holding personal data in the United States may be less stringent than in Europe, the United Kingdom, Australia, or Hungary, but we will hold and transmit your information in a safe, confidential and secure environment. We will never sell or rent your personal information to third parties except as described in this Privacy Policy. If you object to your information being transferred or used in this way, please do not submit an order or provide any personal data. 

Data Security 

      The personal information you provide ï¿½ including any credit card information ï¿½ is secured using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology. We use this SSL technology to prevent such information from being intercepted and read as it is transmitted over the Internet. The encrypted data goes to a secure site where your information is stored on restricted-access computers located at restricted-access sites. 

       While we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party ï¿½hackersï¿½ from illegally obtaining this information. 

       As a matter of policy, we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about you to any third party other than to facilitate fulfilling your order from the catalog of materials and services. 

       Upon your request, we will deactivate your account, contact information, billing information, shipping information, and financial information from our active data bases to prevent your information from being shared with others. To make this request, e-mail [customerservice@bridgepub.com](mailto:customerservice@bridgepub.com) . Such information will be deactivated as soon as reasonably possible based upon your account activity and in accordance with our deactivation policy and applicable law. 

Special Cases 

       It is our policy not to use or share the personal information about you in ways unrelated to the ones described herein without also providing you an opportunity to opt out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. However, we may disclose personal information about you or information regarding your use of the Web site, for any reason, if, in our sole discretion, we believe that it is reasonable to do so; including: to satisfy laws, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, regulations, or governmental or legal requests for such information; to disclose information that is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20080616225536id_/http%3A//www.scientology.org/feature/legal/terms.html) Policy or other use policies; to operate the site properly; or to protect Church of Scientology International (CSI) and its parishioners or guests. 

Cookies ï¿½ What They Are And How We Use Them 

        A ï¿½cookieï¿½ is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain Web sites to give you a unique identifier. Cookies help make it easier for you to navigate our site. A cookie generated by our site contains a unique session identifier used only for session control, meaning used by our site to control the electronic requests of your Browser to our site with the exception of containing your login ID in those instances where you have decided to Sign In. 

Voluntary Visitor Surveys 

        We may periodically conduct surveys. We encourage visitors to participate in these surveys because they provide us important information that helps us improve the types of materials and services we offer and how we provide them to you. Your personal information and responses will remain strictly confidential. Participation in our surveys is always voluntary. 

Commitment to Children’s Privacy 

        Protecting children’s privacy is especially important to us. It is our policy to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and all other applicable laws. We recommend that children ask a parent for permission before sending personal information to us, or to anyone else online. 

Change to Privacy Policy 

        We reserve the right to modify or amend this privacy policy at any time by posting the revised policy on our site. The changes will only affect the information we collect after the effective date of the change to our privacy policy unless we clearly express 

Questions or Comments 

        If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please email us at [customerservice@bridgepub.com](mailto:customerservice@bridgepub.com).  For all other inquiries please see Contact Information in the [Help & General Information](https://web.archive.org/web/20080616225536id_/http%3A//www.scientology.org/feature/legal/help.html) page. 

o0o 
