> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the htek.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181221185720id_/http%3A//www.htek.com/about_site/2018/03/27183432713665.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Htek Enterprise SIP Phone

**Privacy Policy**  
At Hanlong, we are committed to respecting your privacy. We recognize that when you choose to provide us with information about yourself, you trust us to act in a responsible manner. That's why we have put a policy in place to protect your personal information. This statement describes:(1) the types of personal information we collect,(2) how we use and protect this information,(3) who we disclose it to.

**What information does Hanlong collect?**  
In general, we collect personal information from you when you voluntarily provide it by:(1) providing information to us or our business partners in connection with a transaction or in furtherance of our business relationships;(2) registering products on our website ("Website") or otherwise contacting us to obtain information relating to our products or our services;(3) signing up to enter a promotion, participate in an event or survey, receive newsletters or other literature; or(4) providing information when we (i.e. our customer service representatives or employees) contact you either at trade events or by other means such as email or phone.  
In some cases we collect this information from you directly and we may also receive such information from our business partners (such as resellers) who may collect this information from you in the context of your business relationship with us and/or the business partner.  
In connection with these activities, we may collect personal information, including, but not limited to, your name, business address, email address, telephone number, fax number, and other contact information, user name and/or password associated with the use of our Website, occupation, company name, name of position within company, the type of product you are seeking, the type and number of products you and your business purchase, and other information necessary to conduct business with you or which we, or our business partners may ask you to provide.  
When you browse our Website we may also collect/obtain certain non personal information from you including, but not limited to, your browser type (eg Netscape or Internet Explorer), operating system (eg Windows or Macintosh), Internet service provider, IP address, websites visited, and the domain name from which you accessed the Website (eg yahoo.com). Like many other commercial websites, our Website may use standard technologies, such as “cookies”, web beacons and other HTML tools, to collect information about how you use the Website or to record that you opened an email marketing message. Hanlong may also use customized links or other similar technologies to track email links that you click. We may associate that information with your personal information in order to provide you more focused service communications.

**What are "cookies" and web beacons?  **  
Please go to below for more information.

**How do we use this information?**  
Hanlong may use this information for general purposes including:(1) to fulfil your requests for certain products and services,(2) to conduct business with you (including obtaining and disclosing credit and billing information),(3) to correspond with you regarding orders, process a credit card order, or deliver a product,(4) to perform credit fraud screening services for transactions between you and us and/or others(5) to administer promotional offers, contests or other promotional events and notify winners(6) to keep you up to date on the latest product and services announcements and to provide you with other information we think you would like to hear about either from us or from our Hanlong business partners although if you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes,(7) to send you emails containing information about our products and services that we think may be of interest to you if you have indicated that you wish to receive such information by email. Each such e-mail communication includes an unsubscribe link allowing you to opt-out of receiving further communications of that type; and(8) to better understand your needs and provide you with better services,  
In addition we may use the information collected in relation to your use of the Website:(1) to personalise your experience on our website,(2) to conduct internal reviews of our Website and to help us better understand visitors' use of our Website,(3) to help us improve the design and layout of our Website and provide content of interest to you.

**Who do we disclose this information to?**  
We share your information with our business partners and Hanlong affiliates for the purposes mentioned above.  
Because Hanlong operates globally, your information may be transferred to third parties in other countries for any of the purposes described above. They will hold and process your information on our behalf for the abovementioned purposes.   
Hanlong may also retain and disclose personal information as allowed or required by applicable law, including making disclosures that are necessary or advisable to:(a) protect the rights, safety or property of users of our Website, the public, or Hanlong or our Website suppliers; and(b) conform to legal or regulatory requirements.  
Hanlong will not trade, sell or rent your personal information although we may disclose your information in connection with a sale or disposal of all or part of the Hanlong business. Hanlong may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable third-party vendors, but these statistics will not include any personally identifying information.

**How does Hanlong protect your information?**  
We take all reasonable steps in accordance with good industry practice to protect the information we collect from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. Hanlong safeguards the security of the data you send us with physical, electronic, and managerial procedures and your Hanlong account information is password-protected for your privacy and security.

**What are "cookies" and web beacons?**  
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive which enables us to recognize your computer when you return to our Website. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that may be used to track the pages you have visited on our Website. Our cookies enable us to provide you with a more personal service.  
A web beacon is an electronic image, called a single-pixel (1x1) or clear GIF. Web beacons can recognize certain types of information on a user's computer, such as a user's cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page where the web beacon is placed. Some Web beacons may be unusable if you elect to reject their associated cookies.  
If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our Website or via HTML-formatted emails, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, although you may not be able to take full advantage of our Website if you do so.

**Your Consent**  
By using our Website and/or by disclosing information to us or our business partners in furtherance of our business relationships with you, you are accepting and agreeing to the practices described in this Privacy Statement.  
If we decide to change our privacy practices, we will post those changes in a revised Privacy Statement on our Website so that you are always kept informed of what data we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Please check our Website for changes from time to time to make sure you are aware of our latest privacy practices.

**Children and Privacy**  
A Note to Children and Parents: We do not intend to collect information relating to children and our Website is intended for use by adults not children.  
Children: Before sending any information about yourself to us or anyone else, be sure to ask your parents for permission.  
Parents: Hanlong recommends that parents take an active role in their children's use of the Internet. We encourage you to talk to your children about safe and responsible use of their personal information while using the Internet.
