> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the faceofkinder.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2009-07-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090720073447id_/http%3A//www.faceofkinder.co.uk/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Kinder Chocolate - Privacy Policy

**Data Protection (Privacy)**

**1\. Promoter and Data Controller**

The promoter and data controller of personal data collected through this website is: Ferrero UK Ltd., 7 Croxley Green Business Park HERTS WD18 8PA 

We are committed to protecting your personal data and complying with the Data Protection Act 1998 and associated legislation. This Privacy Policy outlines the type of information that is collected by us on this website, and how we use and protect it. This Policy also outlines your rights regarding data protection, and tells you how to contact us. This Policy applies only to this website. 

**2\. Personal data and its uses**

**(a) What we collect and why** When referring to "personal data", we mean information we collect from you, from which you or others may be personally identified. Typically, this may include a name, address, telephone number (including mobile number), credit card information, screen name, photograph image, email address, age, sex and family status, but may also include other information such as shopping habits and preferences and lifestyle details such as hobbies and interests. Please be assured that we will not collect any personal data from your visits to our site unless you provide this information voluntarily. When you supply personal data to us through this website, it will be clear what we plan to use the data for and we will seek your consent to such use. We will then use it only for such purposes. Typical purposes are as follows: 

**(i) Answering your queries** Where you send us personal data in the context of asking us a question or query (for example, about the company, or its products or services or their quality or availability), we shall use the data you provide in order to respond to your question. In some cases, it may be necessary to share your details with other members of the Ferrero Group, or with other third party data processors in order to answer your query. 

**(ii) Entering a promotion** We may use personal data submitted in an entry form for a promotion for the purpose of administering the promotion in accordance with its stated rules. Such rules may require the publication of abbreviated entrant and winners' identity details, and may require winners to participate in future publicity. The promotion may be administered by third party agencies on our behalf, who may have access to the data you submit (see data processors). In the event that photographs are submitted in connection with a promotion, the images will be deleted at the conclusion of the promotion. 

**(iii) Future direct marketing** Where you elect to receive such material, we will from time to time send you information and/or offers about our products and promotions, At any time, however, you may unsubscribe from ("opt out" of) such future contact by emailing [kinderinfo.uk@ferrero.com](mailto:kinderinfo.uk@ferrero.com)

**(iv) ‘Tell a friend’ facility** We offer the ability for you to share links to this site and details of our promotions with a friend. You should only use this option where you know your friend consents to receiving such messages. The details you supply will only be used by us to send the link on your behalf and for no other purpose. Please note that our message will identify you as the source of the recommendation (see an example e-mail).

**3 Users aged 16 or under**

If you are aged 16 or under, you must get your parent/guardian's permission before providing personal information to us. 

**4\. Data Processors** At times we may retain third parties to process or analyse data we collect on our websites, including your personal data. For example, the website may be maintained or hosted by a specialist IT services agency, and any promotions may be administered by a sales promotion agency. In addition, if you order a product or service from us, we may share personal data with suppliers and other third parties to allow payment and delivery of such product or service. These suppliers and other third parties are contractually obliged not to use your personal data in any way other than that which we have specified. 

**5\. Security** We take reasonable precautions to keep your personal data secure, and require third party data processors to do likewise. All personally identifiable information is subject to restricted access to prevent unauthorised access, modification or misuse. Please note, however, that we may release your personal data if we are legally entitled or required to do so by law, or by search warrant, subpoena or court order or for the prevention of fraud or other crime. 

**6\. Cookies etc**

**(a) Use of cookies** A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer's hard disk so that the website can remember who you are. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie has come, the "lifetime" of the cookie, and a value, usually a randomly generated unique number. When you visit our website we send you a cookie. Cookies may be used in the following ways: To help us recognise you as a unique visitor (just a number) when you return to our website and to allow us to tailor content or advertisements to match your preferred interests or to avoid showing you the same adverts repeatedly. To compile anonymous, aggregated statistics that allow us to understand how users use our site and to help us improve the structure of our website. We cannot identify you personally in this way. Two types of cookies may be used on this website; "session cookies", which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you leave the site, and "persistent cookies", which remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer (though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific cookie). 

**(b) Use of web beacons** Some of our website pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes known as clear gifs) that allow us to count users who have visited these pages. Web beacons collect only limited information which includes a cookie number, time and date of a page view, and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides. These web beacons do not carry any personally identifiable information and are only used to track the effectiveness of a particular campaign. Because web beacons are the same as any other content request included in the recipe for a web page, you cannot opt out or refuse them. However, where they are used in conjunction with cookies they can be rendered ineffective by either opting out of cookies or by changing the cookie setting on your browser. 

**(c) Disabling/enabling cookies** You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. However, you may not be able to use all the interactive features of our site if cookies are disabled. There are a number of ways to manage cookies. If you use different computers in different locations you will need to ensure that each browser is adjusted to suit your cookie preferences. Some modern browsers have a feature that will analyse website Privacy Policies and allow a user to control their privacy needs. These are known as "P3P" features (Privacy Preferences Platform). You can easily delete any cookies that have been installed in the cookie folder of your browser. For example, if you are using Microsoft Windows Explorer: Open 'Windows Explorer' Click on the 'Search' button on the tool bar Type "cookie" into the search box for 'Folders and Files' Select 'My Computer' in the 'Look In' box Click 'Search Now' and double click on the folders that are found 'Select' any cookie file Hit the 'Delete' button on your keyboard If you are not using Microsoft Windows Explorer, then you should select "cookies" in the "Help" function for information on where to find your cookie folder. The Interactive Advertising Bureau is an industry body which develops standards and guidelines to support online business processes. Its website at [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/) gives further details about cookies, web beacons and suchlike, and explains how they can be managed and disabled. 

**7\. Your rights** Wherever you are accessing this site from, this Privacy Policy is governed by the laws of England and Wales in the same manner as the [Terms of Use]. Under UK data protection law, your rights include: 1. where appropriate, a right to object to the processing of your personal data 2. a right to obtain a copy of the personal data which we hold about you (we reserve the right to charge a small fee for the exercise of this right) 3. a right to object to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of direct marketing 4. a right to have incorrect personal data we hold about you corrected 

**8\. Contact points** If you wish to raise any data protection issue with us, or exercise any of your legal rights, please contact us: Address: Ferrero UK Ltd., 7 Croxley Green Business Park HERTS WD18 8PA or by sending an e-mail to [kinderinfo.uk@ferrero.com](mailto:kinderinfo.uk@ferrero.com?subject=New%20FAQ).
