> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the faceitapps.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-03-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120322132144id_/http%3A//appsorama.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Apps-O-Rama - Privacy Policy

Effective date: December 4, 2009

## Introduction

Your privacy is important to Apps-O-Rama ("AOR"). We want the way our applications gather, store, and use your information to be transparent.

This Privacy Policy ("Policy") pertains to the games and applications that AOR publishes (the "Services") on social networking sites and platforms, such as Facebook.

When you use one or more of the applications in the Services, you accept the provisions of this Policy.

## Modification of the Policy

AOR reserves the right to modify the Policy.

When we modify the Policy, we will update the link to the Policy found on each page of each application in the Services.

## Information We Collect

The applications that make up the Services make use of information provided by Facebook. When you authorize one of these applications, you have granted permission to Facebook to share certain personal information with the application. AOR complies with Facebook's rules and regulations governing what information we may keep and how long we may keep it.

AOR does not collect or retain any "Personally Identifiable Information" provided by Facebook. "Personally Identifiable Information" is informatin that others can use to identify you and includes information such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, and social security number.

Facebook allows applications to retain the following information as long as the user has authorized the application: Primary Network ID, Event ID, Group ID, Photo ID, Photo album ID, friend list ID, Marketplace listing ID, Placeholder Email Address, total number of notes written by the user, and the time that the user's profile was last updated.

Facebook allows applications to retain the User ID indefinitely, even if the user has de-authorized the application.

A Placeholder Email Address is a coded email address that can only be used by the application to send you an email. An application may use your Placeholder Email Address to contact you only if you give the application permission to do so.

Users who use our support services may, at their discretion, provide AOR their email address. 

Users using forums, chat features, and communication features associated with the applications in the Services do so at their discretion and should be aware that any "Personally Identifiable Information" they provide while using these services is public information and may be collected and stored by others. AOR assumes no responsibility for such information provided by users. AOR collects and retains information related to the use of the applications in the Services, such as scores, points earned, frequency of use, and other data required for using the application or required by AOR to analyze and improve the application. This data does not include any "Personally Identifiable Information."

AOR contracts with third-party websites that are linked to the applications within the Service to provide users the opportunity to purchase Virtual Goods. Use of these third-party services is not required to use the applications. Users who elect to use these third-party services may be asked to provided additional information, and do so at their discretion. AOR assumes no responsibility or liability for information collected by third-party websites.

## Children Under the Age of 13

AOR does not knowingly collect any information form children under the age of 13.

## How We Use Information We Collect

Information that is made available to the applications by Facebook is used within the applications. 

Information generated by users while using the applications, such as scores and points earned, is used by AOR to analyze and improve the applications. 

Email addresses that users provide AOR when making support requests are used by AOR employees and contracted services solely for communicating with the users who provided the email addresses to resolve the issues raised by the user. 

AOR does not sell or rent any user information to any third parties.

## Other

AOR may disclose information it has about users when required by law.

AOR reserves the right to transfer user information to an entity that acquires AOR.

## Contact Information

If you have questions about this Policy, please contact AOR.

Apps-O-Rama  
Attention: Policy Team  
3810 Catamarca Drive  
San Diego, California 92124

You may email questions to [tos@appsorama.com](mailto:tos@appsorama.com).

## Helpful Links

[Facebook's Privacy Policy](http://www.facebook.com/policy.php)

[Facebook's Terms of Service](http://www.facebook.com/terms.php)
