> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the facicons.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100624023929id_/http%3A//facicons.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

### Thank you for installing Facicons 

This privacy policy applies to the Facicons Software and each of the related Web sites (the "Web Sites") maintained by Facicons ("we" or "us"). In the event of any inconsistency between this privacy policy and a policy listed on one of the other Web Sites, this policy shall control. We do not collect personal identification information including names, address', phone numbers. We do collect information necessary to enable certain features in Facicons (such as your Instant Web based messengers Version). We do not sell, rent or trade any personally identifiable information you provide when using the Facicons Software or the Web Sites. We gather certain information such as internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser user agent, referring page, date/time stamp and cookies automatically. We use such information to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users' movements around the site and to gather demographic information to better provide our services. When you visit the Facicons Web Sites, we may place a small text file-called a "cookie"-on your computer that allows us to improve the quality of our service, and to store your preferences and settings. Importantly, a cookie does not allow us to obtain any personally identifiable information (such as your real name or address) unless you have specifically provided such information when using the Web Sites or the Software. The search feature sends a request to our servers while processing a search query that you have inputted. This request includes the keyword query, source (Toolbar, IE bar, related links, etc…) and all HTTP data transferred automatically by the browser (IP Address, User Agent, Cookies, etc…). We use this information in order to properly process your search request. For example, this data provides us with information on which language you prefer to use and your geographical location. Such information is recorded on a non-personally identifiable basis and is kept strictly anonymous. If any of the Web Sites or the Software is ever sold or all or substantially all of the assets relating to a Web Site or the Software are transferred to another entity, we may transfer all information provided by or collected from you, including personally identifiable information, in order to ensure continuity of your service. We will disclose information, including personally identifiable information, data acquired by cookies, and other data, where required by a subpoena, interception order or other lawful process. We also reserve the right to disclose such information when we believe, in our sole judgment and to the extent consistent with applicable law, that such disclosure is necessary to protect the rights or safety of others or to enforce, or protect our rights under, this Agreement. 
