> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the factcheck.org privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180118065954id_/https%3A//www.factcheck.org/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - FactCheck.org

**Who We Are:** This site, FactCheck.org, is owned and operated by the [Annenberg Public Policy Center](http://appcpenn.org/) of the University of Pennsylvania. We link to other Web sites from FactCheck.org, and those other sites are not affiliated with us or subject to this Privacy Policy.

 **What We Collect:** We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from you when you visit the FactCheck.org Web site. We do automatically collect IP addresses and Web site usage information from you when you visit FactCheck.org. This information helps us evaluate how visitors use FactCheck.org on an aggregate basis, such as the number of overall visitors, the frequency of visitors, the length of visits and the most popular features on the site. It does not tell us your name or anything about you as a person.

 **Notice to Email Subscribers:**  Visitors may choose to [subscribe to FactCheck.org](https://www.factcheck.org/subscribe/). Subscription is free. We provide subscribers with a weekly newsletter, as well as notification about our newly published featured articles and financial reports. For those who choose to subscribe, we ask for your name and email address. Once you have entered your address, we will send a confirming message to that address, and you must click on a link within that message to complete the process. If you do not click the link you will not receive our articles. We use this “double opt-in” method to make sure we are sending emails only to those who request them. If for any reason you cannot sign up using our standard double opt-in method, please contact us. However, we will honor requests to be added to our email list ONLY if they are sent from the same email address that you want us to add to our list.

 **Click-tracking and Email Monitoring:** When we send our articles and announcements, we collect information about which of our email subscribers has opened a message, or clicked on a link contained within the message. This allows us to evaluate how useful our emailed articles are to our subscribers, and which links our subscribers find most interesting. This information is collected for us by our email provider MailChimp. While we may release aggregate information about numbers of articles opened or numbers of click-throughs for particular links, neither we nor our email provider will share specific information about any individual subscriber.

 **Removing Your Address:** To remove an address click on the “unsubscribe from this list” link at the bottom of any of our emailed articles or announcements.

 **How We Will (and Won’t) Use the Information Collected:** If you sign up to receive emailed articles and announcements, we will use your email address only for that purpose or – infrequently – to send you other announcements from the [Annenberg Public Policy Center](http://appcpenn.org/) that we think may interest you. We will not make your name, email address or any other personally identifiable information you provide us, whether as a subscriber to our emailed articles and announcements or as a user of this Web site, available to outside mailing lists or organizations, unless required by law. You may remove your email address from our subscription list at any time by clicking on the “unsubscribe from this list” link at the bottom of any of our emailed articles or announcements, and we will stop sending emails to you.

 **Questions?** If you feel that we have failed to live up to our privacy policies, or if you have any other questions or comments, please notify us by sending us an email. We may change this privacy policy from time to time. We will post any changes here, so be sure to check back periodically. – Last modified January 9, 2017
