> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the factbrowser.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151214193502id_/http%3A//www.factbrowser.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## Website Visitors

Like most website operators, Factbrowser collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Factbrowser’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Factbrowser’s visitors use its website. From time to time, Factbrowser may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.

Factbrowser also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Factbrowser does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.

## Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information

Certain visitors to Factbrowser's website choose to interact with Factbrowser in ways that require Factbrowser to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Factbrowser gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who subscribe to our email newsletter to provide a name and email address. In each case, Factbrowser collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with Factbrowser. Factbrowser does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

## Aggregated Statistics

Factbrowser may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites. For instance, Factbrowser may reveal how many times a particular study was downloaded, or say which sources are most popular based traffic on our site. However, Factbrowser does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

## Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information

Factbrowser discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Factbrowser's behalf or to provide services available at Factbrowser's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Factbrowser’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Factbrowser will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations, as described above, Factbrowser discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Factbrowser believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Factbrowser, third parties, or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a Factbrowser website and have supplied your email address, Factbrowser may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with Factbrowser and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Factbrowser takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

## Cookies

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Factbrowser uses cookies to help Factbrowser identify and track visitors, their usage of Factbrowser website, and their website access preferences. Factbrowser visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Factbrowser’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of Factbrowser’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to Factbrowser's website. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads based on your visit to the site and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting Ads Settings. (Alternatively, users can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for interest-based advertising by visiting aboutads.info.)

## Privacy Policy Changes

Factbrowser may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Factbrowser’s sole discretion. Factbrowser encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
