> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the phenomenalmag.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150312202840id_/http%3A//phenomenalmag.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | PhenomenalMag "Black Beauty, That's You!"

## Privacy Policy

* * *

 

**Last revised: November 20, 2013**  


This Privacy Policy governs each website, mobile site, application, and/or other service, regardless of how distributed, transmitted, published, or broadcast (each, a "Service”) provided by PhenomenalMag.com, its parent, subsidiaries and/or affiliates (“we,” "us," or “our”) that links to this Privacy Policy, which is binding on all those who access, visit and/or use the Service, whether acting as an individual or on behalf of an entity, including you and all persons, entities, or digital engines of any kind that harvest, crawl, index, scrape, spider, or mine digital content by an automated or manual process or otherwise (collectively, “you” or “your”).

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. You can access this Privacy Policy any time in the footer of the Service's home page or initial screen. Your access, visitation and/or use of the Service, including without limitation any registration on any aspect of the Service, will constitute your agreement to this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, you may not access, visit and/or use the Service.

The Privacy Policy may be modified from time to time; the date of the most recent revisions will appear on this page, so check back often. Continued access of the Service by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Privacy Policy.

In the event of any conflict or inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy, and any rules, restrictions, limitations, terms and/or conditions that may be posted at various points in the Service or otherwise communicated to users of the Service, we shall determine which rules, restrictions, limitations, terms and/or conditions shall control and prevail in our sole discretion, and you specifically waive any right to challenge or dispute such determination.

**1\. The Type of Information the Service Collects:**

A. The following Privacy Policy summarizes the various ways we treat personally identifiable and other information about you and your computer, mobile or other device when you access, visit and/or use the Service. This Privacy Policy does not cover information collected elsewhere, including without limitation offline and on sites, applications, destinations, or services linked to from the Service.

B. The Service generally collects personally identifiable information with your specific knowledge and consent. For instance, when you enter a sweepstakes or contest, complete a survey, subscribe to or register for certain services, make a purchase, or visit and/or use certain portions of the Service, or the Service as a whole, you may provide a credit, debit, or charge card number, or other payment information, as well as your name, telephone number(s), email and/or street address, and other personally identifiable information. Other information such as your age, gender, and the number for your mobile or other device may also be requested. In addition, you may be asked to send us similar information via messaging (e.g., email, SMS, MMS, or other technologies). All such information shall be referred to in this Privacy Policy as your "Registration Information". 

C. Our servers may also automatically collect information about you, your online behavior and your computer, mobile or other device. The information collected may include, without limitation, the make, model, settings, specifications (e.g., CPU speed, connection speed, browser type, operating system, device identifier) and geographic location of you and/or your computer, mobile or other device, as well as date/time stamp, IP address, pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, the site(s), application(s), destination(s), and/or service(s) you arrived from, and other clickstream data.

D. If you choose to access, visit and/or use any third party social networking service(s) that may be integrated with the Service, we may receive personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer, mobile or other device that you have made available to those services, including information about your contacts on those services. For example, some social networking services allow you to push content from our Service to your contacts or to pull information about your contacts so you can connect with them on or through our Service. Some social networking services also will facilitate your registration for our Service or enhance or personalize your experience on our Service. Your decision to use a social networking service in connection with our Service is voluntary. However, you should make sure you are comfortable with the information your third party social networking services may make available to our Service by visiting those services' privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly with those services. We reserve the right to use, transfer, assign, sell, share, and provide access to all personally identifiable information and other information about you and your computer, mobile or other device that we receive through third-party social networking services in the same ways described in this Agreement as all of your other information.

**2\. How the Service Uses and Shares Information About You:**

A. We use personally identifiable information you supply through the Service to provide you with the merchandise, product, service, and/or Content you have requested. For example, if you subscribe to any of our publications or enter an online sweepstakes, we may use your e-mail address to send you a confirmation notice or notify you if you are a winner. Similarly, if you make a purchase, we may use your physical mailing address to send you your order. We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, products or services, and/or to improve the services that we offer by tailoring them to your needs.

B. Unless otherwise specified on the Service, we may sell or share information about you and your computer, mobile or other device, including without limitation your Registration Information and other personally identifiable information, with our parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates and with carefully selected companies who we think may offer services and/or products that may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to have your personally identifiable information shared with third parties, please email us at [ ](mailto:%20%3Cscript%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20var%20prefix%20=%20'ma'%20+%20'il'%20+%20'to';%20var%20path%20=%20'hr'%20+%20'ef'%20+%20'=';%20var%20addy8129%20=%20'Privacy'%20+%20'@';%20addy8129%20=%20addy8129%20+%20'PhenomenalMag'%20+%20'.'%20+%20'com';%20document.write\('%3Ca%20'%20+%20path%20+%20'\\''%20+%20prefix%20+%20':'%20+%20addy8129%20+%20'\\'%3E'\);%20document.write\(addy8129\);%20document.write\('%3C\\/a%3E'\);%20//--%3E\\n%20%3C/script%3E%3Cscript%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\('%3Cspan%20style=\\'display:%20none;\\'%3E'\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3EThis%20email%20address%20is%20being%20protected%20from%20spambots.%20You%20need%20JavaScript%20enabled%20to%20view%20it.%20%3Cscript%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\('%3C/'\);%20document.write\('span%3E'\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3E.)[Privacy@PhenomenalMag.com](mailto:Privacy@PhenomenalMag.com). If you do not wish to receive future commercial messages from us, simply follow the unsubscribe instructions contained within the message you receive. Note: You may continue to receive certain communications from us, such as transactional or relationship messages.

C. We may also allow access to our database by third parties that provide us with services, such as technical maintenance, market research, auction services, and shopping, search and other classified ads functionality, but only for the purpose of and to the extent necessary to provide those services. Also, if you choose to purchase merchandise, products and/or services, including without limitation Content, on or through features on the Service, we may forward your information to third parties for services such as credit card or other payment processing, order fulfillment, credit pre-authorization, and address verification. There are also times when you provide information about yourself to us in areas of the Service that may be managed or participated in by third parties. In such cases, the information may be used by us and by such third party(ies), each pursuant to its own policies. We may also provide your information to our advertisers, so that they can serve ads to you that meet your needs or match your interests. While we may seek to require such third parties to follow appropriate privacy policies and will not authorize them to use this information except for the express purpose for which it is provided, we do not bear any responsibility for any actions or policies of third parties.

D. We reserve the right to access, use, and share with others your personally identifiable information for purposes of health, safety and other matters in the public interest. 

E. We may also provide access to our database in order to cooperate with official investigations or legal proceedings initiated by governmental and/or law enforcement officials, as well as private parties, including, for example, in response to subpoenas, search warrants, court orders, or other legal process.

F. In addition, we reserve the right to use the information we collect about your computer, mobile or other device (including its geographic location), which may at times be able to identify you, for any lawful business purpose, including without limitation to help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, analyze trends, track users' movements around the Service, and to otherwise administer the Service. Geographic location information about you and/or your computer, mobile or other device may specifically be used to show you content and sponsored messaging based on geographic location.

G. We reserve the right to use, transfer, sell, and share aggregated, anonymous data about our users as a group for any lawful business purpose, such as analyzing usage trends and seeking compatible advertisers, sponsors, clients and customers. 

H. In addition, as our business changes, we may buy or sell various assets. In the event all or a portion of the assets owned or controlled by us, our parent or any subsidiary or affiliated entity are sold, assigned, transferred or acquired by another company, the information from and/or about our Service users may be among the transferred assets.

I. We reserve the right to identify you from your Registration Information and/or to merge or co-mingle anonymous or non-personally identifiable data about you, your offline and online behavior, and/or your computer, mobile or other device (including its geographic location), with your Registration Information and/or other personally identifiable data for any lawful business purpose.

**3\. Local Device Storage and other Tracking Technologies:**

A. The Service may place and/or store code or other types of information and/or devices (e.g., "cookies") on your computer, mobile or other device ("Local Device Storage"). We may use Local Device Storage for any lawful business purpose, including without limitation to determine which of our messages have been opened by recipients so we can gauge the effectiveness of marketing campaigns, to control the display of ads, to track usage patterns, the movements of individual users, and your geographic location, to help diagnose problems with our servers, to gather broad demographic information, to analyze trends, to conduct research, to deliver editorial content, to record registration and personalization information, and to otherwise administer the Service. Local Device Storage may also collect and store your personally identifiable information, which may be shared with our parent, subsidiaries, and affiliates and other companies.

B. If you do not want Local Device Storage, your computer, mobile or other device may include an option that allows you to not accept it. However, if you disable Local Device Storage, some portions of the Service may not function properly.

C. In addition to Local Device Storage, we may use web beacons, web bugs, clear gifs, and similar technologies (collectively, together with Local Device Storage, the "Tracking Technologies"). We use Tracking Technologies for all or some of the same lawful business purposes we describe above for use of Local Device Storage.

**4\. How to Opt-Out of Third Party Tracking Technologies:**

Our advertising service vendors, such as Google and other third parties, may also use Tracking Technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this Service and other sites, applications, destinations, and services you have visited, and to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements, and for other lawful business purposes. Specifically, Google uses DoubleClick cookies, which enables it and its partners to serve ads to you based on your interests and improve your advertising experience. DoubleClick cookies contain no personally identifiable information. All third parties may collect data including, for example, the make, model, settings, specifications (e.g., CPU speed, connection speed, browser type, operating system, device identifier) and geographic location of your computer, mobile or other device, as well as date/time stamp, IP address, pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, the site(s), application(s), destination(s), and/or service(s) you arrived from, and other non-personally identifiable clickstream data. The use of Tracking Technologies by third parties is subject to their own privacy policies, not this Privacy Policy, and we have no responsibility or liability in connection therewith. If you do not want the services that Tracking Technologies provide, you may be able to opt-out by visiting [http://www.aboutads.info.](http://www.aboutads.info./) Additionally, you may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting [Google Ads Settings.](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/)

**5\. Transfer of Information:**  


Your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, servers and databases located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as your jurisdiction. Please be advised that we may transfer your information to and from any state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction, and process it in the United States or elsewhere. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to any such transfer.

**6\. Information Security and Notification:**  


A. Because no data transmission is completely secure, and no system of physical or electronic security is impenetrable, we cannot guarantee the security of the information you send to us or the security of our servers, networks or databases, and by using the Service you agree to assume all risk in connection with the information sent to us or collected by us when you access, visit and/or use the Service, including without limitation your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, and we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof.

B. Moreover, if you elect to store information, such as your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, where others may access it, we are not responsible for any loss of such information or the consequences thereof. If you lose a computer, mobile or other device, or it is stolen, that contains your personally identifiable information or other Registration Information, it is up to you to take all the steps necessary to protect yourself.

C. In the unlikely event that we believe that the security of your information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you. If notification is appropriate, we may notify you via your computer, mobile or other device.

**7\. Kids and Parents:**

A. This Service is not intended for use by children, especially those under age 13. No one under age 13 is allowed to register for the Service or provide any personally identifiable information or use our social, community, and public discussion areas, photo and video galleries, bulletin boards, forums, chats, blogs, search and other ads, and elsewhere. Minors between the ages of 13 and 17, inclusive, must get the permission of their parent(s) or legal guardian(s) before using or making purchases on this Service.

B. If your children disclose information about themselves in publicly accessible areas of the Service, they may get unsolicited messages from other parties. Accordingly, you should tell them not to do so.

C. If you're worried about your children's activities or their privacy on the Service, we encourage you to contact us by email at [Privacy@PhenomenalMag.com](mailto:Privacy@PhenomenalMag.com)[.](mailto:%20%3Cscript%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20var%20prefix%20=%20'ma'%20+%20'il'%20+%20'to';%20var%20path%20=%20'hr'%20+%20'ef'%20+%20'=';%20var%20addy83858%20=%20'Privacy'%20+%20'@';%20addy83858%20=%20addy83858%20+%20'PhenomenalMag'%20+%20'.'%20+%20'com';%20document.write\('%3Ca%20'%20+%20path%20+%20'\\''%20+%20prefix%20+%20':'%20+%20addy83858%20+%20'\\'%3E'\);%20document.write\(addy83858\);%20document.write\('%3C\\/a%3E'\);%20//--%3E\\n%20%3C/script%3E%3Cscript%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\('%3Cspan%20style=\\'display:%20none;\\'%3E'\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3EThis%20email%20address%20is%20being%20protected%20from%20spambots.%20You%20need%20JavaScript%20enabled%20to%20view%20it.%20%3Cscript%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\('%3C/'\);%20document.write\('span%3E'\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3E.)

**8\. Notice to California Customers - Your California Privacy Rights:**  


California’s "Shine the Light" law, Civil Code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from California customers asking about the business' practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. Alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt-out of such information-sharing. We have such a policy in place. As discussed above in Section 2(B), if you wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes or to find out more about your opt-out rights, please email us at [Privacy@PhenomenalMag.com](mailto:Privacy@PhenomenalMag.com)[.](mailto:%20%3Cscript%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20var%20prefix%20=%20'ma'%20+%20'il'%20+%20'to';%20var%20path%20=%20'hr'%20+%20'ef'%20+%20'=';%20var%20addy74090%20=%20'Privacy'%20+%20'@';%20addy74090%20=%20addy74090%20+%20'PhenomenalMag'%20+%20'.'%20+%20'com';%20document.write\('%3Ca%20'%20+%20path%20+%20'\\''%20+%20prefix%20+%20':'%20+%20addy74090%20+%20'\\'%3E'\);%20document.write\(addy74090\);%20document.write\('%3C\\/a%3E'\);%20//--%3E\\n%20%3C/script%3E%3Cscript%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\('%3Cspan%20style=\\'display:%20none;\\'%3E'\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3EThis%20email%20address%20is%20being%20protected%20from%20spambots.%20You%20need%20JavaScript%20enabled%20to%20view%20it.%20%3Cscript%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\('%3C/'\);%20document.write\('span%3E'\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3E.)

**9\. Links:**  


You may have the opportunity to follow links on the Service to other sites that may be of interest to you. We endeavor to only link to reputable organizations. Because other sites are not hosted or controlled by us, we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites or the content provided thereon. Therefore, the privacy policies with respect to other sites may differ from those applicable to the Service. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of each other site. This Privacy Policy only applies to information we collect and maintain.

**10\. Opt-Out Requests and Other Privacy Questions:**  


If you have any concerns or questions about any aspect of this policy, please feel free to email us at [ ](mailto:%20%3Cscript%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20var%20prefix%20=%20'ma'%20+%20'il'%20+%20'to';%20var%20path%20=%20'hr'%20+%20'ef'%20+%20'=';%20var%20addy78542%20=%20'Privacy'%20+%20'@';%20addy78542%20=%20addy78542%20+%20'PhenomenalMag'%20+%20'.'%20+%20'com';%20document.write\('%3Ca%20'%20+%20path%20+%20'\\''%20+%20prefix%20+%20':'%20+%20addy78542%20+%20'\\'%3E'\);%20document.write\(addy78542\);%20document.write\('%3C\\/a%3E'\);%20//--%3E\\n%20%3C/script%3E%3Cscript%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\('%3Cspan%20style=\\'display:%20none;\\'%3E'\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3EThis%20email%20address%20is%20being%20protected%20from%20spambots.%20You%20need%20JavaScript%20enabled%20to%20view%20it.%20%3Cscript%20type='text/javascript'%3E%20%3C!--%20document.write\('%3C/'\);%20document.write\('span%3E'\);%20//--%3E%20%3C/script%3E.)[Privacy@PhenomenalMag.com](mailto:Privacy@PhenomenalMag.com).

As discussed above in Section 2(B) and 8, you may opt-out of having your personally identifiable information shared with third parties for their marketing purposes. If you wish to exercise this right, please email us at [Privacy@PhenomenalMag.com](mailto:Privacy@PhenomenalMag.com) and state that you want to opt-out of our sharing with third parties.

As also discussed above in Section 2(B), if you wish to request updates or changes to your information or your preferences regarding receiving future promotional messages from us, you may email us or utilize one of the options provided in the message. Again, please note that if you opt-out of promotional mailings from, you may continue to receive certain communications from us, such as transactional or relationship messages.

Make sure to include enough information for us to help you, including for example your name, contact information, and the specific website, mobile site, application, and/or other service you are contacting us about. **Note: Only inquiries about this policy or your personal information should be sent to this address. No other communications will be addressed or receive responses.**

**If you do not agree to the terms contained in this Privacy Policy, you must immediately exit the Service.**
