> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vivahabandhan.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161104005421id_/http%3A//vivahabandhan.com/privacy-policy%3Bjsessionid%3D07603BE3D03591A378E3A9E4D908C0BA) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Free Matrimonial, Matrimony, Matchmaking, Brides, Grooms-VivahaBandhan

## Profiles

www.vivahabandhan.com ("Website") is an online matrimonial portal designed to provide an easy way for its members to meet each other on the Web. To accomplish this, the Website collects personal information which is used in order to find matches which offer the highest possible chance of successful marriages. Except as explicitly provided herein, none of the information collected by the Website as part of the questionnaire used by the matching engine or personality profile is made accessible to the public, other users of the Website or anyone not employed by the Website directly. This information is held strictly confidential and can be deleted at the user's request. Information collected through the profile may be shared with other users of the Website but will be displayed in a strictly anonymous manner with no personally identifying details, and will only be shown to potential match candidates. Visitors to the website may browse the site, search member profiles and view any articles or features the Website has to offer without entering any personal information.

## Information Supplied by You at Registration or Payment of Subscription Fees

To process subscriptions, the Website may require information - your name, billing address, phone number, email address and credit card information. You will receive one email notification that your payment has been received, and another email notification confirming the activation of the Premier Membership services (as defined in the Website's Terms and Conditions). You will be notified of subscription renewal transactions when they occur. Email contact information provided by you is used primarily to notify you of potential match candidates identified by the Website based on your matching criteria and profile. Once you commence the Website's registration process, the Website may occasionally send newsletters and email notifications of special events or product offerings at the Website. If you start, but do not complete, the registration process, the Website may also send email messages encouraging you to complete the process and become a subscriber and/or Premier Member. All of the email messages the Website sends you may contain a code that enables the Website's database to track your usage of the emails, including whether the email was opened and/or what links (if any) were clicked. If you choose not receive emails about new products, promotions or other noteworthy news, please see the section below labeled "Choice/Opt-out".

Advertisements, promotions and offers from third-party advertisers may be provided to you while you visit the Website. Similarly when paying the Website subscription fees, advertisements, promotions and offers from third-party advertisers may be provided to you. If you choose to accept any such offers, the Website may provide your information, including billing information, to the advertiser. Your information will not be transferred until you actually accept the offer. You may opt-out of the offer at any time up until this point. Please refer to the third-party advertisers own privacy policy (provided on the offer pages) if you have questions regarding how your information is used. Please be aware that these offers may be presented on pages framed by the Website. The Website does this to provide a seamless experience. Although these offer pages have the look and feel of Website, you will be submitting your information directly to the third-party advertiser.

From time-to-time the Website requests information from you via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information.

Credit card transactions are processed through industry standard secure socket layer encryption by a third party, which only uses your information for that purpose.

The Website will only share your information with third-parties in the ways defined in this privacy statement.
