> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the r29.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-10-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171004142901id_/http%3A//www.r29.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Refinery29

Last updated: 02/07/2017

Refinery 29 Inc. in the U.S.A and Canada and Refinery 29 Limited registered in England and Wales under company number 08279936 and with registered office at 10 John Street, London, WC1N 2EB, United Kingdom (“Refinery29” or “we”) take your privacy extremely seriously. This privacy policy describes how we treat and use the information we collect when you visit or use our websites Refinery29.com, Refinery29.uk, Refinery29.de, mobile-optimized versions of the websites, or software applications to which this policy is linked (collectively, “Website”), including when you sign-up for our newsletters. Our UK entity manages the UK and German section of our Website, our U.S.A. entity manages the U.S.A. and Canadian section.

### Collection of Information

 **Children.** We do not offer the Website to anyone under the age of majority in their jurisdiction of residence and do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. No one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the Website. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any personal information on or through the Website, register on the Website, or use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, email address or any screen name or user name you may use.

 **Information You Provide.** We generally collect personally identifiable information that you voluntarily provide. For instance, contact information, and other personal details may be collected when you: sign up for our newsletters, create an account/register on our Website, complete a survey, post a comment to an article on our Website, enter a sweepstakes or contest, or participate in our social networking features. Further, you may be asked to provide your email address, your name, buying preferences, annual income (by accepting to participate in surveys), or other demographic or profile information (by accepting to participate in surveys), Twitter or Facebook usernames or other usernames and aliases used for purposes of linking to and/or posting on your social media accounts, and other information you choose to submit. We will collect such information as well as any other content that you provide to us in engaging in any of the above activities or any other activities on the Website. Additionally, if you elect to post material to any blogs, forums, or participate in our community boards that may be offered on our Website, then such materials will be collected and may be publicly available for others to view. Even after you terminate your account, all such materials submitted by you on the Website or our social media channels may be retained by us and we may continue to disclose such materials publicly.

 **Other Information We Collect.** Subject to your prior consent where legally required, we and other parties may also collect certain information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking), such as pages visited and how often and for how long they are visited. We may use various technologies and features to collect this information, which may include personal information, such as tracking your activities through your Internet Protocol (IP) address, computer settings or most-recently visited URL, as well as through the use of “cookies” and “web beacons” and other automated technologies. You may object to the creation of usage profiles at any time.

 **Do-Not-Track Signals.** Because there is not yet a consensus on how companies should respond to web browser-based or other “Do Not Track” (“DNT”) mechanisms, we currently do not respond to web browser DNT signals that provide a method to opt out of the collection of information about online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services. We may revisit our policy on responding to these signals, in which case we will post a revised privacy policy on this site. See “Modifications” below.

Some of the network advertisers, ad agencies and other vendors we work with to serve ads on third party websites and across the internet, or analytics providers which provide us with information regarding use of our websites and effectiveness of our ads, may be members of the Network Advertising Initiatives, the Digital Advertising Alliance Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising, the Canadian Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioural Advertising (Ad Choices), and/or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance. To opt-out from receiving interest-based advertising from some or all of the participating companies, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, http://www.youradchoices.ca/ and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/. For opt-out options specific to Google Analytics, please visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. If you delete your cookies or upgrade your browser after having opted out, you will need to opt out again. If you use multiple browsers or devices, you will need to execute this opt-out on each browser or device. Users in Europe may review our [Cookies Policy](http://www.refinery29.uk/cookie-policy) for further information applicable to them regarding our use of cookies, web beacons and similar technologies.

 **Location Information.** We may, and enable our service providers and advertisers to, collect and share your location for personalization and marketing purposes via certain services we provide through digital applications, wireless access protocol services ("WAP Services") or mobile phone services. We, or the service provider, will obtain your prior consent to such collection to the extent required by applicable law.

 **General Usage Information.** In addition, we may gather aggregate usage information about Website users on an anonymous basis. This information is not personally identifiable and will be used to determine how our Website is being used. Examples of such information include: How much time do users spend on our site? What pages do they view? What sites did they come from? What sites do they go to? All of this information is collected to help us create a better, faster, more efficient website and to provide you with better content. We may also share aggregate usage information, in aggregate anonymous form, with our prospective and actual business partners, advertisers and other third parties for any business purpose.

 **Collection and Use Across Devices.** We (or service providers we use or advertisers) may employ information collected through the Website (such as IP addresses, geolocation, cookie-related data, and other information described above), aggregated with information collected from various unaffiliated websites, or mobile applications, and various devices or browsers, in order to provide content and advertisements about goods and services of interest to you across those devices and browsers. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices with respect to it, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices, http://www.youradchoices.ca/ and http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/. Other consumer choice tools are provided through the Ghostery Global opt-out program (available at https://www.ghostery.com/support/global-opt-out/), through which you may download the Ghostery Ad Control application and enable information “opt outs” for mobile applications.

### Use of Information

We typically use your personal information:

  * subject to your marketing preferences, to provide you with newsletters and additional information regarding products and services from Refinery29 or from others that may be of interest to you;
  * to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide the information; for example, if you enter a contest or sweepstakes, we may use your email to notify that you won;
  * to notify you, at our discretion, about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it;
  * to allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website;
  * subject to any legally required consent, to gain insights that help us to make improvements to the design and performance of the Website;
  * in any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and
  * for any other purpose with your consent or as permitted by law.



You may object to use of your personal information for marketing or market or opinion research. For more information on how to do this, please see the "How to Opt-Out" section below.

We may disclose your personal information, including content or other data posted, uploaded or provided by you, if, among other things, we are required to do so by law or in the following situations and for the following purposes:

  * to comply with legal process;
  * to enforce the Terms of Use;
  * to respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties;
  * to respond to your requests for customer service;
  * to protect our rights, property or personal safety, or the rights, property or personal safety of our users or the public;
  * subject to your marketing preferences, if the entity to which your information is disclosed is a third party who wants to promote goods and services that we believe would be of interest to you;
  * subject to your marketing preferences, if the entity to which your information is disclosed is our subsidiary, affiliate or parent company;
  * if we choose to sell your information to selected third parties (unless you object and your objection is binding under a law applicable to you, such as UK law; or only with your consent, as required by Canadian law), and such third parties will not be required to comply with this privacy policy;
  * if we partner with a retailer or other third party to offer online shopping opportunities, contest or sweepstakes, services, subscriptions and other applications, then (i) personally identifiable information you provide in connection with the above transactions may be collected directly by, or shared by us with, the third party (unless you object and your objection is binding under a law applicable to you, such as UK law), and (ii) these third parties will use your information in accordance with their own privacy policy (in Canada, this applies only where such third party collects your personal information directly, otherwise any transfer of your personal information to such third parties will be subject to the requirements set out in this privacy policy); in some cases, such as where a provider’s service is embedded in our Website (such as an embedded video or social network tool), you must contact the third party to learn about your objection options, and the third party (not us) will be responsible for addressing your objection;
  * when we utilize third party service providers to provide products, services or functions on our behalf (such as sending emails or fulfilling subscriptions), these service providers are directed to use your information to carry out the purpose(s) for which we hired them, but not for any other purposes (and in Canada we require such third party service providers to comply with the requirements set out in this privacy policy);
  * otherwise with your consent or in accordance with your indicated preferences (e.g., you indicated you wanted to receive promotional materials directly from a third party partner); or
  * in connection with a sale, merger, transfer, exchange, or other disposition (whether of assets, stock, or otherwise) of all or a portion of the business conducted by the Website to which this policy applies, in which case the acquiring company will possess the information collected by us.



### Social Networks

If you use your login credentials from a social networking site (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Pinterest) ("SNS") on our Website, we may receive information from such SNS in accordance with the terms and conditions (e.g., terms of use and privacy policy) of the SNS ("SNS Terms"). If you elect to share your information with these SNS, we will share information with them in accordance with your election. The SNS Terms of these SNS will apply to the information we disclose to them. Additionally, if you make an election with respect to a SNS while on our Website (for instance, if you elect to “follow” us on one of the SNS, or “Like” us on Facebook), your election will be reflected and may be shared with your social network within the applicable SNS. We reserve the right to use and disclose all personally identifiable information and other information about you that we receive through SNS in the same ways described in this privacy policy.

### Your California Privacy Rights: Notice to California Customers

Subject to certain limits under California Civil Code § 1798.83, if you are a California resident, you may ask us to provide you with (i) a list of certain categories of personal information that we disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year and (ii) the identity of third parties that received personal information from us for their direct marketing purposes during that calendar year. The list will not be specific to disclosures your particular personal information. To make such request, send us an email at privacy@refinery29.com or write us at Refinery 29 Inc. 225 Broadway, 23rd Floor, New York, NY 10007, indicating “Your California Privacy Rights” in the subject of your email or letter, your name and complete mailing address. We are not responsible for requests that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year.

### Review and Access For European and Canadian Users

Upon request, Refinery29 will provide you with the information we have collected about you, and the opportunity to correct, update or modify this information, to the extent required by law. To make such requests, send us an email at, for Europe: legal@refinery29.uk or write to us at Refinery 29 Limited 10 John Street, London, WC1N 2EB, United Kingdom; and for Canada: legal@refinery29.com or write to us at Refinery 29 Inc. 225 Broadway, 23rd floor, New York, NY 10007.

### Opt-in Consent From Users in Germany

If you have consented to receive our newsletter or other emails from us and/or third parties in Germany, your consent wording was as follows:

"I subscribe to the email newsletter of Refinery 29 about its latest and greatest updates. **I consent to a use of my personal data for that purpose.** I can withdraw my consent at any time and can object to the use of my personal data for marketing purposes or market or opinion research."

Or when entering a prize draw:

"I agree to the _Official Rules_. I consent to receiving emails from Refinery 29, _[named third party]_ , about their latest and greatest updates. **I consent to a use of my personal data by these parties for that purpose.** I can withdraw my consent with respect to any of these parties at any time and can object to a use of my personal data for marketing purposes or market or opinion research. (Please see the links to the privacy policy below for contact and additional information)."

### Opt-in Consent From Users in Canada

Where applicable, we will seek your express consent to send you information, including by way of commercial electronic messages. For example, to ask for your consent to extend special offers to you, your consent wording may read: "I wish to receive the email newsletter of Refinery29 with information and advertisement about their products and events, and consent to use of my personal information for that purpose. I understand that I can opt out at any time. For more information about how Refinery29 manages its subscribers’ personal information, please see Refinery29 Privacy Policy at: www.Refinery29.com/Privacy. This consent is sought by Refinery 29 Inc. located at 225 Broadway, 23rd floor, New York, NY 10007, email: legal@refinery29.com.

### How to Opt Out

You can unsubscribe from receiving Refinery29 newsletters or commercial emails at any time. You can unsubscribe by clicking on the “Unsubscribe” link in the footer of any Refinery29 email and following the instructions, or, when made available to you, by logging into your account on our Website, selecting “Subscriptions” and clicking “Unsubscribe” button on “My Newsletters” menu. But note that you may continue to receive certain communications from us, such as transactional or relationship messages, and/or messages about your account/profile. In order to cancel your account/ profile, please email support@refinery29.uk (for users in Europe) and support@refinery29.com (for users in the USA and Canada).

Refinery29.com features Nielsen’s proprietary measurement software which will allow you to contribute to market research, like Nielsen’s TV Ratings. Please see[www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy](https://www.nielsen.com/digitalprivacy) for more information or to opt-out of contributing to such research.

### Third-Party Email Promotions

Subject to your marketing preferences, occasionally, you may receive from us emails that may contain advertising or other content that was sponsored by third party retailers or businesses. These emails are not necessarily reflective of the opinions of our editorial staff. They are content paid for by our sponsors, and allow us to provide you with the free content we believe you will enjoy.

### Links to Other Sites

As a curator of information, Refinery29 often links out to other sites. We are not responsible for any content that appears on these sites, nor do we endorse them. Third parties may display advertisements on the Service and on such web sites. These advertisements may contain cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies. These third parties may collect information or insert cookies or similar technologies without our knowledge. For questions about these sites, please consult their individual privacy policies. Refinery29 is not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party.

### Security and Retention

We protect personal information with appropriate organizational, technological and physical safeguards commensurate to the sensitivity of the personal information. All of the information described above is recorded on restricted database servers. We use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. We also require you to enter a password to access your registration information and manage your settings. Please do not disclose your password to unauthorized people. Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of your information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

We only retain personal information for as long as is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected. When we no longer are required to retain the information, we will destroy, erase, or de-identify the information unless otherwise required or permitted by applicable law.

### Transfer of Personal Information to the USA and Elsewhere

Please note that the information you provide to us will be transferred to and processed in the United States of America or other countries where laws regarding processing of personally identifiable information may be less stringent than the laws in your country. We will take steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated and secured in accordance with this privacy policy.

### Modifications

Refinery29 may make changes to this privacy policy at any time. If and when we do, we will inform you by posting the revised privacy policy on this Website without other notice to you. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes. Any changes that are made to this privacy policy will apply to both any personal information that we hold prior to the effective date of the amended privacy policy and any personal information that we collect on or after such effective date.

### Contact Us

If you have questions about this privacy policy, or about the Website, please contact us at legal@refinery29.com (for users in the USA and Canada) or legal@refinery29.uk (for users in Europe).
