> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fosteringsolutions.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-09-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150907163639id_/http%3A//www.fosteringsolutions.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Fostering Solutions

**General**

The Fostering Solutions website will not store or capture personal data (e.g. name, email address) without the prior knowledge and consent of users.  
In the event that you are asked to provide personal information to the web site, you may be asked whether you wish to receive any further communication from Fostering Solutions. Fostering Solutions will make sure all personal data that is supplied is held as securely as possible, in accordance with the Data Protection Act.

**Data**

Fostering Solutions does not sell or otherwise transfer any personal data to commercial companies or other organisations, with the exception of 1) web statistics (see below) which is hosted and managed by a third party company (Google, Inc and other web analytics services) and 2) off-site hosted server environments for some website services (eCards, Coursefinder and other applications).

**Cookies & Web Statistics**

Some areas of Fostering Solutions website use cookies to aid the user experience (e.g. to save the user from re-entering personal details for every page in a section of the site, including the ‘Quick links’ area). Cookies are also used to compile general (not personal) site usage statistics. Cookies are not used to capture or store personal information for any other purpose.  
Fostering Solutions maintains continuous logs of its web server activity. These log files include the details of website users’ IP address, browser type and page last visited etc. The log files are used to analyse how the website is being used by visitors and may be kept in an anonymous form for historical records.

Fostering Solutions websites use hosted web analytics software. These are hosted services provided and managed by third party companies. Fostering Solutions’s main supplier of hosted web analytics is Google, Inc. Clicktale.com is also used on some pages to better inform web design. The services ‘Google Analytics’ and ‘Clicktale.com’ use ‘cookies’ (a text file sent to user’s computers as they browse our websites) to help analyse how users navigate our websites. The information generated by the cookie regarding our websites (including IP addresses) will be transmitted to and stored by Google, Inc. and Clicktale.com on servers that may be hosted in the United States. Google, Inc. and Clicktale.com will use this information for the purpose of evaluating use of our website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other related services to Fostering Solutions.  
Google, Inc. and Clicktale.com may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google, Inc. or Clicktale.com’s behalf. Google, Inc. and Clicktale.com will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google, Inc. or Clicktale.com. You may decline the use of cookies by configuring your web browser to do so. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google, Inc. and Clicktale.com in the manner and for the purposes set out above.  
Understanding Cookies

Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site.  
Details of the cookies this site uses are below.

**Google Analytics Cookies**

_utma – expires in 2 years  
_utmb – expires in 30 minutes  
_utmc – expires when you close your browser  
_utmz – expires in 6 months  
_utmmobile – expires in 2 years

**Google +1**

NID – expires in 6 months  
PREF – expires in 2 years

**Twitter**

_pid – expires in 2 years  
guest_id – expires in 2 years  
k – expires in 1 week  
external_referer – expires in 1 week  
js – expires in 1 month

**Facebook**

_datr – expires in 2 years

**Purpose**

These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where vistors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. Click here for an overview of privacy at Google.

**Disclaimer**

This privacy statement applies to the web pages centrally maintained by Fostering Solutions. Other pages that are linked to from the main Fostering Solutions sites may have a separate privacy policy
