> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cryptonews.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190411201043id_/https%3A//cryptonews.com/privacy-policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

### What Personal information is collected 

In a normal case CryptoNews ("Site) is not collecting any personally identifiable information. However there are some cases where CryptoNews might need visitor's email address in order to perform a service (ex. Newsletter, Submit a story, Contact form etc.). In such cases email address will be explicitly requested and visitor notified. Once collected these emails are used for the sole purpose of the function intended by visitor. They will not be passed to any third party.

### Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information

We may use “cookies” on or in connection with our Site to maintain information about you. A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. We use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. When you visit our Site, our computer may ask your computer for permission to employ the use of a session or persistent cookie. Our Site will then send a cookie to your browser if your browser’s preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits our Site to access the cookies it has already sent to you and not the cookies sent to you by other websites. Many web browsers can be adjusted to inform you when a cookie has been sent to you and provide you with the opportunity to refuse that cookie. However, refusing a cookie may, in some cases, preclude you from using, or negatively impact the display or function of, our Site or certain areas or features of our Site.

Our servers automatically collect data about your Internet Protocol address when you visit us. When you request pages from our Site, our servers may log your IP Address and sometimes your domain name. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g., another website or a search engine); the pages you visit on our Site; the website you visit after this Site; other information about the type of web browser, computer, platform, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on this Site or a referral website; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers. Your IP address can also be used for moderation purposes, in order to limit the creation of multiple accounts and SPAM prevention.
