> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gestalten.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190321194859id_/https%3A//gestalten.com/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy - gestalten

We appreciate your interest in our website. Protecting your privacy is very important to us. Below you will find a detailed description of how we handle your information.

Unless stated otherwise below, the provision of your personal data is neither legally nor contractually obligatory, nor required for conclusion of a contract. You are not obliged to provide your data. Not providing it will have no consequences. This only applies as long as the processing procedures below do not state otherwise.  
"Personal data" is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person.

**Server log files**

You can use our websites without submitting personal data. Every time you access our website, user data is transmitted by your internet browser and stored in protocol files (server log files). This stored data includes e.g. name of the site called up, date and time of the request, amount of data transferred and the provider making the request. This data serves exclusively to ensure smooth operation of our website and to improve our offering. It is not possible to assign this data to a particular person.

 **Customer account**

When you open a customer account, we will collect your personal data in the scope given there. The data processing is for the purpose of improving your shopping experience and simplifying order processing. The processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. Your customer account will then be deleted.

 **Collection, processing, and use of personal data in orders**

When you submit an order, we only collect and use your personal data where this is necessary for the fulfilment and handling of your requests. The provision of data is necessary for conclusion of a contract. Failure to provide it will prevent the conclusion of any contract. The processing will occur on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. b GDPR and is required for the fulfilment of a contract with you. We will not forward your data to third parties without your explicit consent. This only excludes our service partners which we require in order to handle the contractual relationship or service providers we use to process an order. Along with the recipients named in the clauses of this data protection declaration, these may be recipients in the following categories: Shipping providers, payment service providers, merchandise management service providers, service providers for order processing, web hosts, IT service providers and dropshipping dealers. We will comply strictly with legal requirements in every case. The scope of data transmission is restricted to a minimum.

 **Use of your email address for mailing of newsletters**

We use your email address outside of contractual processing exclusively to send you a newsletter for our own marketing purposes, if you have explicitly agreed to this. The processing will be carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a GDPR with your consent. You can withdraw your consent at any time without affecting the legality of the processing carried out with your consent up to the withdrawal. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time using the relevant link in the newsletter or by contacting us. Your email address will then be removed from the distributor.  
Your data will be forwarded to a service provider for email marketing in the course of order processing. It will not be forwarded to other third parties.

Your data will be transferred to a third country, which is covered by an adequacy decision by the European Commission.

**Using PayPal  
**  
All PayPal transaction are covered by the PayPal Data Privacy Statement. You can find this at <https://www.paypal.com/de/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-prev?locale.x=en_GB>.

**Cookies**

Our website uses cookies. Cookies are small text files which are saved in a user's internet browser or by the user's internet browser on their computer system. When a user calls up a website, a cookie may be saved on the user's operating system. This cookie contains a characteristic character string which allows the browser to be clearly identified when the website is called up again. We use cookies to make our offering more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies also allow our systems to recognise your browser after a page change and to offer you services. Some functions of our website cannot be offered without the use of cookies. These services require the browser to be recognised again after a page change.  
Our website also uses cookies to allow us to analyse the surfing behaviour of visitors to our website. 

We also use cookies to address visitors to other websites with targeted marketing relating to their interests.

Processing is carried out on the basis of § 15 (3) TMG (Telemedia Act) as well as art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR due to our justified interest in the purposes above. The data collected in this way is pseudonymised using technological measures. It is therefore not possible to connect the data to your person. The data will not be stored together with other personal data pertaining to you. You have the right to veto this processing of your personal data according to art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR by contacting us, for reasons relating to your personal situation. Cookies will be stored on your computer. You therefore have full control over the use of cookies. By choosing corresponding technical settings in your internet browser, you can prevent the storage of cookies and transmission of the data they contain. Cookies which have already been saved may be deleted at any time. We would, however, like to point out that this may prevent you from making full use of all the functions of this website. Using the links below, you can find out how to manage cookies (or deactivate them, among other things) in major browsers:   
Chrome Browser: <https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/61416?hl=en>   
Internet Explorer: <https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies>   
Mozilla Firefox: <https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences>   
Safari: <https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/manage-cookies-and-website-data-sfri11471/mac>

**Use of Google Analytics**

Our website uses the web analysis service Google Analytics by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). The processing of data serves to analyse this website and its visitors. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity and to provide other services to the website operator relating to website and internet use. The IP address communicated by your browser as part of Google Analytics is not associated with any other data held by Google. Google Analytics uses cookies, which make it possible to analyse your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. IP anonymisation is activated on this website. Google uses this to shorten your IP address beforehand within Member States of the European Union or in other signatories to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. Your data may be transmitted to the USA. Transmission of data to the USA is covered by an adequacy decision by the European Commission. Processing is carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR due to our justified interest in needs-based and targeted design of the website. You have the right to veto this processing of your personal data according to art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR by contacting us, for reasons relating to your personal situation.   
You can prevent the storage of cookies by choosing corresponding technical settings in your internet browser; we would, however, like to point out that this may prevent you from making full use of all the functions of this website. You can also prevent collection of the data (including your IP address) generated by the cookies and related to your use of the website by Google as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at [the following link](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en). You can set an opt-out cookie to prevent collection by Google Analytics across devices. Opt-out cookies prevent the future collection of your data when you visit this website. You need to opt-out on all systems and devices in use for this to work comprehensively. If you click here, the opt-out cookie is set: Disable Google Analytics. You can find more detailed information on the terms and conditions of use and data protection at [https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/](https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/%20) and at <https://policies.google.com/?hl=en>. Use of the remarketing or "similar target groups" function by Google Inc. Our website uses the remarketing or "similar target groups" function by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). This function serves to analyse visitor behaviour and visitor interests. Google uses cookies to analyse website use, forming the basis for producing interest-related adverts. Cookies allow for the recording of website visits as well as anonymised data on the use of the website. The personal data of website visitors is not saved. If you then visit another website in the Google display network you will then be shown adverts which are more likely to take previous areas of product and information interest into account. Your data may also be transmitted to the USA. Transmission of data to the USA is covered by an adequacy decision by the European Commission. Processing is carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR due to our justified interest in addressing visitors to the website with targeted marketing by displaying personalised interest-related adverts when they visit other websites in the Google display network.  
You have the right to veto this processing of your personal data according to art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR by contacting us, for reasons relating to your personal situation. For this purpose you can permanently deactivate the use of cookies by following the link below and downloading and installing the plug-in: [https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996?hl=en](https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996?hl=en%20)  
Alternatively, you can deactivate the use of cookies by third parties by calling up the Network Advertising Initiative deactivation page at [https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/](https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/%20) and following the opt-out instructions. You can find more detailed information on Google remarketing as well as the associated data protection declaration at: <https://www.google.com/privacy/ads/>

**Use of Google Adwords conversion tracking**

Our website uses the online marketing programme "Google AdWords", including conversion tracking. Google conversion tracking is a service operated by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). If you click on adverts placed by Google, a cookie is placed on your computer for conversion tracking. These cookies have limited validity, do not contain any personal data and thus cannot be used for personal identification. If you visit certain pages on our website and the cookie has not yet expired, we and Google can recognise that you have clicked on the advert and were forwarded to this page. Every Google AdWords customer receives a separate cookie. Therefore, it is not possible to track cookies relating to the websites of AdWords customers. The information collected using the conversion cookie serves the purpose of producing conversion statistics. This allows us to find out the total number of users who have clicked on our adverts and were forwarded to a page equipped with a conversion tracking tag. However, they do not receive any information with which could be used to personally identify users. Processing is carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR due to our justified interest in targeted marketing and analysis of the effectiveness and efficiency of this marketing.  
You have the right to veto this processing of your personal data according to art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR by contacting us, for reasons relating to your personal situation. You can prevent the storage of cookies by choosing corresponding technical settings in your internet browser. We would, however, like to point out that this may prevent you from making full use of all the functions of this website. You will then not be included in the conversion tracking statistics.You can also deactivate personalised advertising in Google's advertising settings. You can find an introduction to this at <https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922>. You can also deactivate the use of cookies by third parties by calling up the Network Advertising Initiative deactivation page at <https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/> and following the opt-out instructions.  
You will find more information as well as Google's data protection declaration at: <https://www.google.de/policies/privacy/>

**Use of Facebook remarketing**

Our website uses the remarketing function "Custom Audiences" by Facebook Inc. (1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA; "Facebook"). This function serves to address the visitor to the website with interest-related advertising on the social network Facebook. We have implemented Facebook's remarketing tag on our website for this purpose. This tag sets up a direct connection to Facebook's servers when you visit our website. This informs the Facebook server which of our web pages you have visited. Facebook assigns this information to your personal Facebook user account. When you visit the social network Facebook you will then be shown personalised, interest-related Facebook ads. Processing is carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR due to our justified interest in the above purpose.  
You have the right to veto this processing of your personal data according to art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR by contacting us, for reasons relating to your personal situation.  
For this purpose you can deactivate the remarketing function "Custom Audiences" here (). You can find more detailed information on Facebook's collection and use of data, your associated rights and options for protecting your privacy in Facebook's privacy policy: <https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/>

**Use of Google AdSense**

Our website uses the AdSense function by Google Inc. (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google"). This function serves the purpose of renting out advertising space on the website and using these to address visitors to the website with targeted, interest-related advertising. This function displays personalised, interest-related adverts from the Google display network to visitors to the website. Google Analytics uses cookies, which make it possible to analyse your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of this website is usually transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google may also transmit this data to third parties if this is required by law or the third party is processing the data on behalf of Google. On no account will Google associate your IP address with other Google data. Processing is carried out on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR due to our justified interest in the above purpose. You have the right to veto this processing of your personal data according to art. 6 (1) lit. f GDPR by contacting us, for reasons relating to your personal situation. For this purpose you can permanently deactivate the use of cookies by following the link below and downloading and installing the plug-in: <https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996?hl=en>.  
You can also deactivate the use of cookies by third parties by calling up the Network Advertising Initiative deactivation page at <https://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/> and following the opt-out instructions. You can prevent the storage of cookies via the corresponding technical settings in your internet browser; we would, however, like to point out that this may prevent you from making full use of all the functions of this website.  
You will find more information as well as Google's data protection declaration at: <https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/>, <https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/>

**Use of GoogleMaps**

Our website uses Google Inc.'s feature for the embedding of Google Maps (1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA; "Google").  
This feature visually represents geographical information and interactive maps. Google also collects, processes and uses data on visitors to the website when they call up pages with embedded Google maps. Your data may also be transmitted to the USA. Transmission of data to the USA is covered by an adequacy decision by the European Commission.  
Processing is carried out on the basis of art. 6 par. 1 point (f) GDPR due to our justified interest in needs-based and targeted design of the website.  
Further information on the data collected and used by Google, your rights and privacy can be found in Google's privacy policy at <https://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html>. You also have the option of changing your settings in the data protection centre, allowing you to administer and protect the data processed by Google. Duration of storage After contractual processing has been completed, the data is initially stored for the duration of the warranty period, then in accordance with the retention periods prescribed by law, especially tax and commercial law, and then deleted after the period has elapsed, unless you have agreed to further processing and use.  
Rights of the affected person If the legal requirements are fulfilled, you have the following rights according to art. 15 to 20 GDPR: Right to information, correction, deletion, restriction of processing, data portability. You also have a right of objection against processing based on art. 6 (1) GDPR, and to processing for the purposes of direct marketing, according to art. 21 (1) GDPR.  
Contact us at any time. Our contact details can be found in our imprint.  
You can contact our data protection officers directly at: [w.stetter@mairdumont.com](mailto:w.stetter@mairdumont.com)

Right to complain to the regulatory authority You have the right to complain to the regulatory authority according to art. 77 GDPR if you believe that your data is not being processed legally.

last update: 25.04.2018
