> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rue21.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151231185745id_/http%3A//www.rue21.com/store/jump/static/Privacy-Policy/7600002) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | rue21

Welcome to rue21’s privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) which forms a part of your legal agreement with us, together with our [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/store/jump/static/Terms/11300002) and any other terms and conditions which we notify you of when you use or attempt to use the Site.  PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY AS IT DESCRIBES HOW WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION AND UNDER WHAT CIRCUMSTANCES WE SHARE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU.  

Any terms not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in our [Terms of Use.](https://web.archive.org/store/jump/static/Terms/11300002)

  1. 1\. Changes to Privacy Policy.  We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, add or delete provisions of this Privacy Policy at any time and from time to time by updating or revising this posting and such revisions shall take effect as of the date of posting.  Your use of any of the Site after the effective date of any such change, means you accept and agree to be bound by the Privacy Policy, as modified. You should come back to this web page and review this Privacy Policy regularly so that you remain aware of the terms and conditions that apply to you.  If you are a registered user of the Site, we may, in our sole discretion, notify you by email of material changes to our Privacy Policy.
  2.  
  3. 2\. Non-Personal Information Collected and How Collected.  We and our operational service providers (as defined below) and others who host the Site often use technology that can recognize, collect and/or transmit information that is associated with you, but which do not personally identify you.  Although the term “cookie” specifically refers to a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes, for the purposes of this Privacy Policy, we will use the term “cookie” to refer generically to any technology that can recognize, collect and/or transmit information about your visits to the Site. This type of information includes such data as the Internet or web domain that referred you, the type of operating system and browser you are using, the date and time of your visit, data relating to activities on the Site (e.g., so-called ‘clickstream’ data) and other technological attributes about your visit to the Site. This information is used to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user movements on the Site and gather aggregate demographic information about visitors so we can continually improve the Site and your user experience. 

Cookies also allow the Site to recognize a users’ computer or access device each time it is used to visit the Site and cookies can keep count of how often you return. Cookies can also track how you use the Site, your preferences for features and functions and, if you register for the Site, cookies can store information such as your e-mail address and password so you don’t have to re-enter them each time you return to visit.  Cookies don’t personally identify you or any particular user or individual. 

We use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“ Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the Site analyze how users use the Site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on Site activity for Site operators and providing other services relating to Site activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google may collect your IP address or other unique identifier for the device (computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device) you use to access the Site. We may use a device identifier to, among other things, to coordinate the content that we display to you across devices, including across mobile and web-based platforms, by making anonymous inferences about that device linkage. By using this Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. We may also use other similar analytic services.

You can disable or turn the cookie feature off by changing the settings on your Internet browser and you can also change the settings to stop your browser from automatically accepting cookies. Although changing these settings may not affect your ability to browse, it may affect your ability to use certain features and functions of the Site, for instance you will not be able to register for Promotions, and it may also require you to re-enter certain information each time you visit or attempt to use the Site. You should consult the operating instructions that apply to your browser to determine how to best configure your browser settings for your needs. 

  4.  
  5. 3\. Personal Information Collected.  The term “Personal Information” refers to any information you provide in connection with your use of the Site by which you can be personally identified. Personal Information may include such things as your name, street address, telephone number, date of birth, e-mail address and any other information which might reasonably be used to identify you. We only obtain Personal Information from you when you submit it to us via the Site or through our stores.   For example, you may provide information to us when you register for the rueCommunity, submit an expression of interest in a job opportunity, participate in a Promotion, purchase gift cards, request to receive marketing materials, respond to surveys or communicate with our customer service team. 

Unless you voluntary provide or send us Personal Information, we will always ask you to submit or provide it before collecting your Personal Information, and unless we tell you otherwise, such Personal Information will be used for the purpose the information was provided and as set forth in this Privacy Policy.  Please note that you may not be able to use some features or Content on the Site, if you choose not to provide your Personal Information when requested. If you provide or submit your Personal Information to the Site, we will always give you the right to review, update and/or delete your Personal Information, subject to our obligations to comply with legal, regulatory or internal audit and record-keeping requirements. You should note that after providing your Personal Information to us, our systems may not recognize “Do Not Track” settings in your browser.

  6.  
  7. 4\. Minors.  We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the activities on the Site.  If you are under 13, you may not register or submit any Personal Information at or through the Site without your parent or guardian’s permission.  Before any user under 13 may register for the Site, we first provide parental notice and obtain verifiable parental consent.  If by chance a child under 13 submits Personal Information through any part of the Site, and we become aware that the person submitting such information is under 13 and did not have parental authorization, we will attempt to delete it as soon possible.  We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children to never provide Personal Information on the Site without their permission.  If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child under the age of 13 and you believe that your child has provided Personal Information to us through the Site without your authorization or if you no longer wish to allow us to retain your child’s Personal Information, you have the right to terminate your child’s registration and have the child’s Personal Information deleted once the child’s age and parent or guardian are properly verified.  To do so, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/store/contactUs.jsp). Parents or legal guardians will be required to provide verifiable identification that they are the child’s parent or legal guardian. 
  8.  
  9. 5\. How Your Information is Used.  We may use the information that we obtain from you, including Personal Information: (a) for the specific purpose for which it was submitted (e.g., to receive communication from us by e-mail, to administrate a Promotions (see also the [Promotions](https://web.archive.org/store/jump/static/Privacy-Policy/7600002#promotions) section below); (b) to improve the Content, appearance and utility of the Site and to tailor your experience on the Site; (c) to trace our visitors’ use of the Site for internal research purposes and to monitor compliance with our Terms; and (d) to notify you of updates to the Site.  If we collect, maintain, use or intend to share your Personal Information for purposes other than as described in this Privacy Policy, we will post a notice to you before you submit your Personal Information or otherwise seek permission for such usage.
  10.  
  11. 6\. Promotions.  If you submit Personal Information for participation in one of our Promotions we have the right to use this information so that we can administer the Promotions, update your status, notify winners and for other purposes related to the Promotions as set forth in the Official Rules for the Promotions.  You should read the Official Rules for any Promotions in which you participate because such Official Rules may provide additional ways in which we may use your Personal Information.  Our Promotions may be co-sponsored by other companies and personal information collected during the Promotions may be shared with the co-sponsors, prize providers, Promotions administrator or Promotions service provider (collectively, the “Promotion Partners”) participating in or providing services related to the Promotions.  Unless you specifically opt-in to receive additional information from one of the Promotion Partners, our Promotion Partners will only use personal information submitted for Promotions as set forth in this paragraph.
  12.  
  13. 7\. Disclosure of Your Information To Third Parties.  We do not sell, rent, lease, provide or otherwise disclose your Personal Information to unaffiliated entities.  We will always let you know if we intend to provide any of your Personal Information to an unaffiliated third party and we will give you the option to “opt-in” or “opt-out” of such use.  We always have the right to disclose your Personal Information to any third party we engage for the purpose of administering, operating, configuring the Site, Content and Promotions, and maintaining and providing internal support for the Site, Content, Promotions and services offered through the Site. These third parties are called “operational service providers” and provide internal support for operations and activities and for Site design, development and hosting. Operational service providers, in helping us fulfill orders, monitor site activity and conduct and analyze surveys, may track your Personal Information over time and across third-party websites.  We always request that our operational service providers protect your privacy and not disclose your Personal Information to third party marketers that are not associated with the Site, nor are they permitted to use your Personal Information for their own marketing or promotional purposes.

We also reserve the right to make your Personal Information available to third parties in the following instances: 

    * When compelled by a governmental agency, law, regulation, a court or other legal process;
    * If we believe you are, have or may violate any law, regulation, or our Terms;
    * If we believe you are or may be a threat to safety, property, interests or rights of rue21 or others;
    * In order to investigate, respond to or resolve problems or inquiries or defend our interests;
    * In a merger, acquisition, change of control, joint venture or other business combination.
    *  
  14. 8\. Third Party Hyperlinks.  The Site may contain links to Third Party Sites.  Please be aware that unless expressly stated in the privacy policy of that website, we are not responsible for such Third Party Sites’ privacy practices. When you leave the Site, you should confirm the terms and conditions and privacy policy that apply to you as they may differ from those on this Site.
  15.  
  16. 9\. Security.  We maintain a reasonable standard of security and confidentiality and try to limit information access to individuals who need to have such access to perform their responsibilities associated with the Site and the Content on the Site. The Internet, however, and communications cannot be guaranteed to be secure and it is possible that others may unlawfully intercept or access information, transmissions or communications to, from or within the Site.  By using the Site, you are agreeing to assume this risk and any and all responsibility and liability that may arise.  If you have questions or concerns about the security of the Site, you may send an email to security@rue21.com.
  17.  
  18. 10\. Disclaimer.  Although rue21 will take all commercially reasonable measures to protect information provided by its users, rue21 disclaims any and all liability and any and all damages, including but not limited to, consequential and punitive damages in the event that information is inadvertently disclosed to third parties other than as described in this statement. 
  19.  
  20. 11\. Your Rights Regarding Your Personal Information.  You always have the right to request that rue21: (a) correct or update your Personal Information; (b) not share your Personal Information with third parties; or (c) remove your Personal Information from our active marketing databases.  Although we may provide you with the ability to update or delete Personal Information directly online, some Personal Information may not be changed or deleted by you and requires you to contact rue21 for verification (e.g., birth date, name). If at any time the Site does not allow you to update or delete Personal Information online, or if you need to change information that needs verification, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/store/contactUs.jsp).
  21.  
  22. 12\. Opt-out/Unsubscribe.  If you register with the Site, you are agreeing and consenting to receive information and updates about your use of the Site.  You may opt-out of any e-mail marketing received by following the unsubscribe or opt-out procedures contained in every communication, or by [contacting us](https://web.archive.org/store/contactUs.jsp)  However, we may continue to contact you via email for administrative or informational purposes including, without limitation, follow-up messages regarding the administration of your account or any other transactions you have undertaken with the Site.
  23.  
  24. 13\. Your California Privacy Rights.  If you are a resident of the State of California, under the California Civil Code, you have the right to request information on how to exercise your disclosure choice options from companies conducting business in California.  To do so, send a request for information indicating your preference as to how you would like rue21 to respond to your request (i.e., email or postal mail). To request such information, either contact our designated Privacy Administrator via the [contact us form](https://web.archive.org/store/contactUs.jsp) on our website or you may contact us via postal mail, proper postage prepaid, at:

Privacy Administrator  
rue21, inc.  
800 Commonwealth Dr.  
Warrendale,  PA  15086  
Attn: Your California Privacy Rights

**All requests sent via postal mail must be labeled "Your California Privacy Rights" on the envelope or post card and clearly stated on the actual request.** For all requests, please include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. (Your street address is optional if you wish to receive a response to your request via email, but please include your zip code for our own recordkeeping.) **  We will not accept requests via the telephone or by facsimile.** rue21 is not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.

  25. 14\. Contact Us.  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/store/contactUs.jsp).


