> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the barratthomes.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090619060519id_/http%3A//www.barratthomes.co.uk/legal/Privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Barratt Homes - Privacy Policy

Data Protection and Privacy Statement.  


This is the  privacy statement for the website [www.barratthomes.co.uk](http://www.barratthomes.co.uk/). Please read it carefully. You should only use this site if you agree to our use of information about you in accordance with this privacy statement.

We collect certain basic information about you when you visit our website. We recognise the importance both of keeping that information secure and of letting you know what we intend to do with that information.

We may amend our privacy statement to reflect changes to our business, website or to data protection legislation. We therefore ask you revisit this privacy statement on a regular basis to ensure you are familiar with its terms.

This privacy statement only applies to this website; if you follow a link out of our site or leave our site in some other way, this privacy statement will no longer apply.

The privacy statement sets out (1) who we are and describes (2) the information we collect (3) how we use your information (4) how you can find out more.

**(1) Who we are**  
We are Barratt Developments PLC, a Public Limited Company incorporated in England . Our company number is 00604574 and our registered office address is Barratt House, Forest Hill Business Park, Cartwright Way, Leicestershire, LE67 1UF. In these terms, we refer to ourselves as “we”, “us”, “our” and “Barratt”. The user of the website is referred to as “you” and “your”.

If you have any queries about the information we hold on you, please contact our Data Protection Compliance Officer, who you may write to at the address above.

We are entered in the Register of Data Controllers with registration number: Z541067X.

**(2) The information we collect**  
We collect information from you when you complete our on-line forms, by means of 'persistent cookies' when you use our site, and in the form of 'traffic data'.

**On-line forms**  
We collect information you give us when you subscribe ‘My Area’ and when requesting brochures. We require only the information we need to provide a service to you, such as your name, postal address, telephone number and email address. Where we would like more information to help us improve our services, over and above the basic required information, it will be clear that your response is voluntary and you are free not to provide us with more information if you would prefer not to do so.

**Persistent cookies**  
Cookies are small text files which are often stored on your computer's hard drive by websites you visit to enable the site to 'remember' who you are. We use a type of cookie called a 'persistent cookie' to provide added functionality on our website. These persistent cookies store your user name and a unique ID but do not contain any information that personally identifies you, such as a name or address. We use persistent cookies when you log onto our site to stop you having to re-type information and they remain on your hard disk until you delete them.

Most browsers are automatically set to accept cookies and you should be able to restrict or disable them if you wish by adjusting the settings on your browser. This will however affect your use of the areas of our site that use persistent cookies, such as the login areas. We do not use 'spyware', that is web bugs or hidden identifiers or other similar devices to gain access to information, store hidden information or to trace your activities. For more information about cookies and instructions on how to adjust your browser settings to restrict or disable cookies, see the IAB website at [www.allaboutcookies.org](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/)

**Google Analytics**  
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (‘Google’). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. [Google] [We] will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

**Webtrends  
** We have contracted with WebTrends Inc (“WebTrends”), to monitor certain pages of our website for the purpose of reporting web traffic, statistics, advertisement 'click-throughs', and/or other activities on our website. Where authorized by us, WebTrends may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies to compile anonymous statistics about our website visitors. No information that can identify you personally is collected by or transferred to WebTrends. Should you object to the use of cookies, web beacons, and/or other such monitoring technology on our website most internet browsers can be reconfigured to alert you to their use/allow you to reject their use. If you wish to block such technology, please refer to the help function of your internet browser. Please note that you may not be able to use certain facilities and services on this website if you do choose to do this. 

**Traffic data**  
We keep a record of traffic data which is logged automatically by our ISP's servers, and which we analyse. This includes your IP address, the URL you visited before ours, the URL you visit after leaving our site and which pages you visit on our site. We do not store or analyse this traffic data in a way that identifies you as an individual.

**(3) What we do with your information**

**How we use your information**  
We use your information to provide you with the website. 

If you wish, you can also subscribe to email alerts about information of interest to you. If you do this, we will use the information that you submit to provide the alerts to you and to analyse who is receiving email alerts from us.

You may ask us to remove you from our email alert lists at any time by writing to our Data Protection Officer at the address above. We will also offer you the option of correcting your details and of being removed from future email alerts when we send you an email alert.

**When we share your information**  
We may disclose your information to third parties in certain circumstances but we will not sell, rent or trade your personal information.

We may share your information with another organisation that buys our company or our assets, or with another organisation from which we acquire a company or business, and in the course of any preceding negotiations with that organisation, which may or may not lead to a sale.

We may share your information with our funders or potential funders, such as our bank and with our professional advisors who have a reasonable need to see it.

We may share your information with any group companies of ours so that they can provide any products and services to you where you have personally requested them. 

We may provide anonymous aggregated data to reputable third parties on a commercial basis.

Where relevant, we may give third party providers who supply services to us, or who process information on our behalf, incidental access to your information. Where doing so, we will always take steps to confirm that that their security measures are adequate to protect your information.

We may disclose your information to enforcement authorities if asked to do so, or to a third party in the context of actual or threatened legal proceedings or if otherwise required to do so by law.

**How we keep it secure**  
Only authorised personnel and contractors have access to your information.

We will keep your information secure by taking appropriate technical and organisational measures against its unauthorised or unlawful processing and against its accidental loss, destruction or damage. 

**Transfers outside Europe**  
Data protection legislation is harmonised throughout the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) which comprises the EU member states, Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. Countries outside the EEA do not generally have the same level of protection for personal information as those within the EEA. 

If you are from outside the EEA, we will transfer that information to your home country or territory for the purposes set out in “How we use your information” above. If you provide us with your information, we will assume you agree to this transfer.

If you are from the EEA, we will not transfer any personal information we collect from you outside the EEA.

**(4) Finding out more**  
If you have any questions about our privacy statement or the information we hold about you, please contact our Data Protection Compliance Officer at the address above. 

You have a legal right to see a copy of the information we hold about you on payment of a fee, which is currently £10.

Further information about data protection issues including the online Register of Data Controllers can be found at the Information Commissioner's website.  

