> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the teespring.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151229050124id_/http%3A//teespring.com/policies/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# About Teespring / Privacy Policy | Teespring

Welcome to Teespring! Teespring is a global company offering an internet-based service (the **“Teespring Service”** ) that allows campaign creators ( **“sellers”** ) to design certain products and promote the sale of those products to consumers ( **“buyers”** ) around the world through individual campaigns. This Privacy Policy applies to the Teespring Service, operated by Teespring, Inc. and its subsidiaries (collectively, **“Teespring”** ), and located at teespring.com (and other regional URLs).

This Privacy Policy describes how Teespring collects and uses the information we obtain when you use the Teespring Service. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your Personal Information and how you can access and manage that information. This Privacy Policy is part of and is governed by our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/policies/terms), which you accept in order to transact with us. Your acceptance of this Privacy Policy includes your consent to our use of cookies and other similar technologies as described in this document.

To note, our site may include links to other web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Teespring. Because the use of your information is governed by their privacy policies, we encourage you to read each policy carefully. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of any third party website or service.

Teespring has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe's program requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy_seals_and_services/consumer_privacy/privacy-programs-requirements.html) including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program covers information collected through this Web site, teespring.com. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please [visit our support page](https://web.archive.org/contact) or [contact support](https://web.archive.org/email_us). If you are not satisfied with our response you can [contact TRUSTe here](http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint).

 **Information You Provide to Us. “Personal Information”** means information that alone or in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you. The Personal Information we collect will be different depending on your activities on the Teespring Service. For example, to register as a seller on our service, we will collect your name and email address. If you register using a sign-in service or a social media platform such as Facebook, we will collect the information needed to authenticate your account and any other information the platform provides in that process. If you launch a successful campaign, we may collect additional Personal Information as needed to send you and the applicable tax authorities an income tax reporting statement. If you make a purchase through the Teespring Service, we will collect your name, email address, shipping address and payment information such as credit card number and billing address.

We may also collect Personal Information you provide about other people, such as their name and physical address (for example, when we ship a gift at your request). This Personal Information is used for the sole purpose of completing your request.

 **Automated Technologies. “Site Information”** means information received and recorded on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, browser type, the date and time of the use, the pages you visit, the page you came from and go to when leaving the Teespring Service, your operating system and information about your mobile device. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. In addition, we also automatically collect Site Information when you access or use the Teespring Service. We (and our vendors) collect that information using cookies, pixel tags, web beacons, embedded web links, and similar technologies. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our service may be limited.

We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on the Teespring Service use LSOs such as HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs.

 **Teespring Tools. “Performance Information”** means information we collect through certain tools that we provide to our sellers. Where a seller requests the use of a particular tool (e.g. an advertising analytics tool for use with ad platforms), then Teespring will collect additional data based on the operation of that tool (e.g. advertising conversion information from the applicable ad platform).

 **Blog.** The Teespring Service may offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at privacy@teespring.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your Personal Information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

 **Social Media Widgets.** The Teespring Service may include social media features, such as the Facebook like button and share buttons. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the features to function properly. Certain social media features are hosted by the applicable provider (e.g. Facebook). Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the features.

 **Single Sign-On.** You can log into the Teespring Service using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain Personal Information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on the Teespring Service to your profile page to share with others within your network.

In general, we use Personal Information to provide the Teespring Service to you, including, to establish and administer your account, to fulfill your order and send you an order confirmation, to pay you any royalties earned and to respond to customer service requests.

We use Personal Information for marketing and promotional purposes, such as emails regarding discounts and other offers. You may opt-out of marketing emails at any time by using the opt-out link in the email. You may not opt-out of the transactional emails Teespring sends in connection with your use of the Teespring Service (e.g. email notification of individual account activity, such as shipment of an order, or broader account notifications such as changes to Teespring’s policies).

We use Site Information that we collect as described above for certain functions on the Teespring Service (e.g. authentication when you sign in, our shopping cart, etc.). We also use Site Information to help us understand how people use our service, including analyzing trends, administering the service, tracking users’ movements around the service and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports by our vendors on an individual as well as aggregated basis. We do this to improve our marketing and the services we offer you. We may also use Site Information to provide you with recommendations for other products you may wish to purchase and to target advertising for our products on third party sites. For that targeting, Teespring (or its vendors) may use cookies and web beacons to gather information about your activities on the Teespring Service in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities on the Teespring Service.

We use Performance Information to analyze and better understand the characteristics of successful offerings and campaigns and to improve the performance of our sellers and the overall Teespring Service.

Teespring does not collect Personal Information about your online activities over time, across different web sites. Accordingly, Teespring does not currently respond to “do not track” browser requests.

Teespring processes Personal Information in the United States. Please note that you are agreeing to the transfer of your Personal Information to the United States and other locations throughout the world. Your Personal Information will be processed in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Teespring, Inc. participates in the Safe Harbor program maintained by the US Department of Commerce and the European Union and has certified that it adheres to the program’s privacy principles. To learn more about those principles and the program, visit [the U.S. Department of Commerce](http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/eu/eg_main_018365.asp).

We will share information we collect, including your Personal Information, as needed to provide the Teespring Service to you. We will also share your Personal Information with your permission. Otherwise, we do not rent, sell or share your Personal Information with third parties and specifically will not share your Personal Information for their direct marketing purposes without your consent.

 **Sellers.** We may share aggregate, anonymized Site Information, Performance Information or other information with our sellers to help them improve their performance through the Teespring Services. We will not share Personal Information with our sellers without your express consent.

 **Strategic Partners.** We may share aggregate, anonymized data with certain marketing and content licensing partners. Where a partner or agency compensates sellers directly, we will also share performance data with the partner to enable those payments.

 **Vendors and Service Providers.** To provide you with the Teespring Service, we share information, including Personal Information, with third party vendors and service providers. For example, we provide Personal Information to companies that help us with our business activities, such as marketing, payment processing and fulfillment. We will use reasonable efforts to ensure those companies use your Personal Information only as necessary.

 **As Required by Law and Similar Disclosures.** We may access, preserve, and disclose your Personal Information and content if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to comply with law enforcement requests, such as a court order or subpoena, or to protect our rights or the rights of others. Specifically, we may disclose your information to a complainant who alleges that your activities have violated their rights or policies (e.g. where your campaign or advertisement is the subject of an investigation). We may also disclose your information where you have alleged violation of your rights by another party.

 **Merger, Sale or Other Asset Transfers.** If Teespring is involved in a merger, acquisition or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your Personal Information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction, as permitted by law.

If you would like to update or modify any Personal Information you have provided to us, you can do so in the account settings tab of your dashboard or by [contacting us](https://web.archive.org/email_us). For your protection, we will require some proof of your identity to obtain any Personal Information hosted on our site. Additionally, you may deactivate your account by [contacting us](https://web.archive.org/email_us). At your request, we will remove your Personal Information, provided we have no outstanding business or other obligation requiring such information.

We do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use Personal Information from children under 13 years of age without parental consent, and no part of the Teespring Service is directed to children under the age of 13. If you learn that your child has provided us with Personal Information without your consent, you may alert us at privacy@teespring.com.

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

The security of your Personal Information is important to us and we take reasonable steps to ensure that it is treated accordingly. However, we cannot ensure the security of any information provided to us. We do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.

You agree that we may communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of the Teespring Service. If we learn of a security system breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically by posting a notice on the Teespring Service or by sending an email to you. You may have a legal right to receive this notice in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (ie, to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice), please notify us at privacy@teespring.com.

Teespring may periodically make changes to this Privacy Policy that will be posted on our website (teespring.com) or communicated to you through other reasonable means (e.g. email or mobile alerts). We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.

Teespring  
460 Bryant St, Suite 200  
San Francisco, CA 94107  
Customer support: [contact here](https://web.archive.org/email_us)  
Telephone: 1-855-TEESPRING (1-855-833-7774)

 _Updated August 10th, 2015_
