> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the teeturtle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181228075603id_/https%3A//www.teeturtle.com/pages/privacy%3Fbn) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – TeeTurtle

**1**. Your personal information is safe here. We will not release or sell any of the data you submit to the site. We receive and store any information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. In order to provide you with the most protection, we store all credit card information on a secure processing server (https://). You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our store and communicating with you. 

**2**. TeeTurtle collects data about you and your activities when you visit our website and the websites and online services where we display advertisements (“Publishers”). This information may include the content you view, the date and time that you view this content, the products you purchase, or your location information associated with your IP address. We use the information we collect to serve you more relevant advertisements (referred to as “Retargeting”). We collect information about where you saw the ads we serve you and what ads you clicked on. We obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses TeeTurtle.com or advertisements and other content served by or on behalf of TeeTurtle.com on other Web sites. These specific types of information gathered are known as "cookies," unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as personalized advertisements on other Web Sites and storage of items in your Shopping Cart in between visits. Cookies serve to make your shopping experience quicker and easier. If you are having trouble with shopping functions, make sure you have cookies enabled. To prevent us from collecting this information,  disable the "storing cookies" function of your Web browser. 

**3**. You decide what is enough. We will never send you more e-mail than you want. If at any point you feel as if you are getting spammed, shoot an email to our service team and we will make sure to take care of the problem for you. All of our newsletters include an unsubscribe button, and if you choose to unsubscribe, you will never get another one again unless you manually allow us back in. If you are located in the United States, you may have the right to request access to and receive information about the personal information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information and have the information blocked or deleted, as appropriate. The right to access personal information may be limited in some circumstances by local law requirements. You also have the right to opt out, free of charge, from the processing of your personal information for marketing purposes.

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact support@teeturtle.com.
