> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hl.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111204234854id_/http%3A//www.hl.co.uk/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy | Hargreaves Lansdown

## Introduction

Hargreaves Lansdown takes the privacy and security of your personal information very seriously.

When you register and use our website or deal through Hargreaves Lansdown we will ask you to provide us with certain information including personal data. This information enables us to provide you with the best service we can and helps us keep you informed with research and information you may be interested in. We will never share this information with any third party outside of the Hargreaves Lansdown group of companies without your express permission and your data will always be managed with reference to all relevant laws and regulations.

We will also use the data we collect to provide you with the most relevant, personalised and interesting content through our websites, emails, communications and other forms.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ('Google'). Google Analytics uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

## What are Cookies and how do we use them?

'Cookies' are commonly used by many websites. They are small amounts of data that are transferred to your web browser to us or our service providers which help us understand more about the way in which you use our website. We or our service providers may also use your IP-address to collect, among other things, internet traffic data and data regarding your browser type and computer.

The information we collect through cookies is used to make improvements to our website and enhance the service we are offering to you.

If you would prefer not to accept Cookies then you can alter your settings within your web browser (e.g. Internet Explorer). Please visit the help section within your browser for instructions on how to do this.

## Communications between us

To ensure you are kept fully informed Hargreaves Lansdown and other group companies of Hargreaves Lansdown Plc may contact you by mail, email and other means of communication to provide you with the information on your requested service or product.

We may also provide you with information, special offers, research, and promotions of other investments, products and services. If you don't want to receive information on other products or services you can write us to let us know at the following address: Hargreaves Lansdown, 1 College Square South, Anchor Road, Bristol, BS1 5HL.

## External links

We will in some places provide links to external websites, where we do so we will alert you with the following icon . Hargreaves Lansdown is not responsible for the content of external internet sites.

  
  

