> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cirquedusoleil.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-11-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061127200407id_/http%3A//www.cirquedusoleil.com/CirqueDuSoleil/en/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cirque du Soleil official website

| 

Last update : August 16, 2006

Bonjour,

This is Cirque du Soleil's policy on the protection of personal information (our " **Privacy Policy** "). This Privacy Policy is based on a law in Canada, where Cirque du Soleil's International Headquarters are located. This law is called the [Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act](http://www.privcom.gc.ca/legislation/02_06_01_e.asp).

**Important:** by using our website, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information by Cirque du Soleil in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please take the time to read this document to learn more about our information practices, including the type of information we gather, how and for what purposes such information is used, to whom the information is disclosed, how it is safeguarded and  how you can access your personal information in our possession.

Cirque du Soleil reserves the right to modify this Privacy Policy to adapt it to any technological or legal change, or simply to adjust it to reflect changes made to our website. All updates of our Privacy Policy will be posted on this page. By continuing to use this website after we post any changes, you are consenting to our use of your information as provided in the modified Privacy Policy.

**Privacy Policy**

We take your privacy seriously. However, when you use our website, you also have responsibilities which are outlined in our [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/CirqueDuSoleil/en/terms_conditions.htm) section of our website.  We recommend that you consult these Terms and Conditions prior to using our website in order to inform yourself of your obligations.

**What information we collect**

We collects certain personal information about persons using our website, including their name, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address and credit card information. 

We also gather certain electronic information, which is generated by your computer when you interact with our website.

**Why we collect personal information**

Amongst other things, Cirque du Soleil collects personal and electronic information for some of the following reasons:

  * To understand your needs and to provide the services offered to you on our website (for example, to help us efficiently perform transactions, to deliver the services you have requested, to deliver the tickets or other products you have bought through this website, to make sure that you are the person registered with Cirque Club). 
  * To design, maintain, manage, improve, market and provide products and services on our website.  
  * To organize contests or other promotional activities.  
  * To provide you with the latest information about Cirque du Soleil, including our shows, products, services, programs and promotions.



**How we collect personal information**

We receive and may store any information you enter on our website.  For example, we collect information you provide when you purchase tickets or other products from us, register with us, send us an e-mail or call us, enter sweepstakes or enroll or participate in clubs like Cirque Club.  The information we collect may include:

  * Your name 
  * Your mailing address 
  * Your e-mail address 
  * Your phone number 
  * Your credit card information 



We wish to remind you that of the above information you provide us with is on a voluntary basis.

**How we collect electronic information**

When you visit certain pages of our website, our servers send "cookies". Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your web browser. Our servers also record your IP address (IP stands for Internet Protocol, a number that locates you in cyberspace) and the web pages you have visited.  Such electronic personal information is transmitted to us automatically.

Cookies are saved, for a limited period of time, on your computer's hard drive. To learn more about cookies, check the frequently asked questions section of the [Cookie Central site](http://www.cookiecentral.com/faq/). 

Cookies enable us to retain certain important information about your use of our website, including the date of your last visit to the website, the pages you visit, the files you download and the type of browser you use. Overall, Cookies help us to determine the number of people who visit our website and the frequency of these visits. They also allow us to personalize  content, respond to your requests regarding products and services, and keep you informed about new products. This way, we can improve our website and its services. 

If you do not want to receive cookies, the "help" function on the toolbar on most web browsers will instruct you on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have your browser notify you when you receive new cookies and how to disable cookies altogether.

You may also consult the appropriate section of the [DoubleClick site](http://www.doubleclick.com/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/ad-cookie/cookies.asp?asp_object_1=&?asp_object_1=&). 

**Important:** if you refuse all cookies, you will not be able to use the Cirque Club services that require registration.  Cookies enable you to take full advantage of some of our website's best features, so we recommend that you keep them enabled.

**Web bugs**

Currently, Cirque du Soleil does not collect personal information using web bugs or codes that are part of some Internet pages that allow surfers' "tracks" to be followed. Cirque du Soleil may eventually use this technology, in which case we will inform you of such use. 

**How we use, communicate and save your personal information**

We use personal information collected through our website to respond to your requests for certain services (for example, a Cirque Club registration), to help us efficiently perform transactions, to deliver the tickets and/or other products and/or services you have requested or purchased through this website, to perform quality assurance, sales analyses and other business analyses, to contact you in connection with shows for which you have purchased tickets, to confirm a show, to notify you if there are changes to a show (including postponed and cancelled shows) and to send you specific information about Cirque du Soleil.

We maintains personal information only for as long as is it is necessary or useful, or as required by the Personal Information Protection Electronic Documents Act. We have also established conservation and destruction policies for personal information it is not required by law to maintain.

We may use your IP address and your e-mail address for a variety of purposes, including:

  * to estimate the number of web surfers in certain countries or regions of the world that visit our website; 
  * to fix Internet service problems pointed out by our users or by our information technologies supervisors; or 
  * to send you information and updates about activities, privileges, promotional offers, products and services offered by Cirque du Soleil or its sponsors.



Your personal information will not be shared with anyone without your consent, save in the event your behaviour on our website violates our [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/CirqueDuSoleil/en/terms_conditions.htm) and for the following exceptions:

  * To affiliates and other related entities of Cirque du Soleil. 
  * To Apple Corps Limited and its affiliates and other related entities, if you have requested information about _The Beatles_ while registering to Cirque Club. 
  * To any and all suppliers of goods or services, partners, sponsors, representatives and all other persons acting on behalf of Cirque du Soleil, whether individuals or organizations (e.g. publicity and promotion agencies, electronic payment processors), whose services have been retained by Cirque du Soleil in order to carry out certain functions on its behalf (e.g. organizing and managing promotions or contests offered by Cirque du Soleil, processing information, managing documents, processing electronic payments, etc.). 
  * To governmental agencies in order to satisfy regulatory or legal requirements.



In addition to the foregoing, we remind you that by purchasing ticket(s) through our website and therefore accepting to be bound by the [Purchase Agreement](https://web.archive.org/CirqueDuSoleil/en/showstickets/purchasepolicy.htm), you expressly agree that the personal information you provide us (in most cases this consists of your address and e-mail address) may be used by Cirque du Soleil or our affiliates and other related entities as well as by our sponsors, suppliers, distributors, vendors, representatives and all other persons acting on behalf of Cirque du Soleil, in order to add you to our or their distribution list, to propose you offers and for other promotional or marketing purposes.  If you wish that we discontinue use of your personal information for such purposes, please [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/CirqueDuSoleil/en/contactus.htm).

Cirque du Soleil will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that any third party provided with your personal information uses this information for the sole purpose of providing the products and services requested by us.

**Personal information collected by organizations other than Cirque du Soleil**

Our website contains advertising and content provided by companies and organizations that are not affiliated or related to Cirque du Soleil. These companies and organizations have personal information protection policies that may differ from the one you are currently reading. If you use or purchase tickets, other products or services from these companies and organizations, Cirque du Soleil is not responsible for the manner in which your personal information may be used by such companies or organizations.

**If you have requested information about _The Beatles_** while registering to Cirque Club, Cirque du Soleil will provide Apple Corps Limited and its affiliates and other related entities with the personal information you have provided us. Your Personal information will be used by Apple Corps Limited and its affiliates and other related entities to provide you offers, products, promotions and services relating to _The Beatles TM_.

**Hyperlinks from the  our website**

Our website also includes hyperlinks to companies and organizations that are independent from Cirque du Soleil. We are not responsible for the policies of these websites regarding prices or delivery of products and services, protection of personal information, etc. We suggest that you read the policies of these websites before you use them. 

**Children under the age of 13**

To use our website, **you must be at least 13 years of age**. This website is not intended for children.  We ask that parents make sure that their children do not fill out our online forms. Cirque du Soleil recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of children.  We are committed to protecting children's privacy on the Internet and we fully comply with the [Children's Online Privacy Protection Act](http://www.ftc.gov/ogc/coppa1.htm) (U.S.).  We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13.  If a child has provided our website with personally identifiable information, we ask that a parent or guardian [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/CirqueDuSoleil/en/contactus.htm) and we will delete the information about the child from our files.

**Management of your personal information**

Your information is managed by Cirque du Soleil Customer Service employees in Montreal, Province of Quebec, Canada. You may contact them at any time, by mail, by telephone or by using the [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/CirqueDuSoleil/en/contactus.htm) section of the website. A Customer Service representative may contact you to verify and correct, if necessary, the personal information you have provided. 

You may [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/CirqueDuSoleil/en/contactus.htm) to request access to personal information we hold about you. Your request may be accepted or denied on the basis of any applicable laws.  Also, if you wish that we discontinue the use of your personal information, please Contact Us.

Our Privacy Policy is subject to the Cirque du Soleil website's [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/CirqueDuSoleil/en/terms_conditions.htm).

All modifications to our personal information protection Privacy Policy will be indicated on this page. If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, feel free to contact:

[André Bélanger](mailto:andre.belanger@cirquedusoleil.com)  
Tel.: 1 (514) 722-2324

**NOTICE PURSUANT TO ITALIAN PRIVACY LAW** (DL NO. 196/2003) 

This is to inform you that pursuant to art. 13 of DL 196/2003, the personal information you provide us will be used for operational purposes.  Treatment of your personal information will be done primarily through automatic and software devices, in compliance with all Italian confidentiality and privacy laws.  The party responsible for maintaining your personal information is Cirque du Soleil, having offices in Montreal, Province of Quebec, Canada.

You are not obligated to provide us with your personal information, however if you do not provide such information, it may have an impact on our ability to provide requested products or services to you. We reserve the right to provide and communicate your personal information to:

  * foreign affiliates and other related entities with Cirque du Soleil. 
  * outsourcing companies for software management activities, or legal, marketing, tax and accounting consultancy purposes. 
  * Any other third party permitted by the Italian privacy laws. 



If you wish that we discontinue use of your personal information, please [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/CirqueDuSoleil/en/contactus.htm).

If you would like additional information regarding Italian privacy law legislation, please visit the following website: [www.garanteprivacy.it](http://www.garanteprivacy.it/)

**NOTICE PURSUANT TO THE GERMAN FEDERAL INFORMATION PROTECTION ACT (BDSG) AND THE TELESERVICES INFORMATION PROTECTION ACT (TDDSG)**  

This is to inform you that pursuant to the BDSG and the TDDSG the personal information you will provide us will be used in accordance with applicable German laws and in the manner as set forth in this Privacy Policy.

Your personal information is being maintained in Montreal, Province of Quebec, Canada by Cirque du Soleil with offices at: 8400, 2nd Avenue, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, H1Z 4M6.

If you wish that we discontinue use of your personal information, please [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/CirqueDuSoleil/en/contactus.htm).

**Recruitment Information**

If you submit personal information, including your résumé, through the Cirque du Soleil Recruitment section, the following additional conditions shall apply, and by submitting the information you agree to these conditions:

  * We may use any information that you supply to us throughout Cirque du Soleil and our affiliates and other related entities, for the purpose of employment consideration or response to your inquiry, as well as providing the information to third parties who work with us and who might consider you for employment or be able to respond to your inquiry. 
  * We may choose to contact former employers and/or references and/or verify information provided to us by you, with or without providing advance notice to you. 
  * After an offer of employment is made, we may request that you submit verification of your legal right to work in the location of employment, and the offer will be conditional on your having such right.  


  
 
