> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 7x7.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-05-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100515183634id_/http%3A//www.7x7.com/security-privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Security and Privacy | 7x7

This is the privacy policy (the "Policy") for all Web sites owned and made available by _7x7_ Magazine, a unit of Hartle Media Ventures (" _7x7_ "), including, without limitation, the Web site currently located at [www.7x7sf.com](http://www.7x7sf.com/) (collectively, the "Site"). We respect your privacy. Please carefully review this Policy to learn about how we collect, use, and protect any Personal Information (defined below) and Non-Personal Information (defined below) you provide us on or through the Site and your choices for managing your Personal Information. By using the Site, you signify your assent to this Policy. This Policy is subject to the Terms of Service posted on the Site [www.7x7sf.com](http://www.7x7sf.com/).

 _1\. Managing Personal Information_

You may review, correct, update, or change your Personal Information, or remove your Personal Information from our direct marketing efforts, at any time by visiting your "My Account" page on the Site, or by contacting us at:

_7x7 Magazine_  
59 Grant Avenue, Fourth Floor  
San Francisco, CA 94108  
Telephone: 415.362.7797  
Fax: 415.362.9797  
Email: [info@7x7sf.com](mailto:info@7x7sf.com)

 _2\. Information You Choose To Submit_

We collect information that personally identifies you, such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, billing information, or other data which can be reasonably linked to such information ("Personal Information") only if you choose to share such information with us. For example, you may be required to provide us with certain Personal Information to register with the Site, sign up for certain services available through the Site (such as text messages, mobile phone applications, and other communications services), subscribe to a newsletter, enter sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions, make a purchase, and at other times. The decision to provide this information is optional; however, if you elect not to register or provide such information, you may not be able to access certain content or features or participate in certain areas of the Site.

 _3\. Information We Automatically Collect_

We automatically collect information that does not reflect or reference an individually identifiable user ("Non-Personal Information") to help us understand how our users use the Site. Like most Web sites, we automatically collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files may include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the Web browser you used to visit the Site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited the Site, and which Web pages you visited on the Site.

 _4\. Cookies and Web Beacons_

We use cookies (a small file containing a string of characters that uniquely identifies your Web browser) and Web beacons (an electronic file placed within a Web site that monitors usage). We use cookies and Web beacons to improve the quality of the Site. Most Web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your Web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, certain features of the Site may not work if you delete or disable cookies. Certain of our Service Providers (defined below) may use cookies and Web beacons in connection with the services they perform on our behalf, including, without limitation, targeted ad serving (showing San Francisco real estate ads to someone in San Francisco, for example).

 _5\. How We Use Personal And Non-Personal Information_

We use Non-Personal Information and Personal Information for internal purposes only, such as to notify you of new products or services, to send service notifications, to customize the advertising and content you see, to fulfill your requests for products and services, to improve the Site, to conduct research, to solicit your feedback and input about the Site, and to provide more relevant products, services, and advertisements on or through the Site. Non-Personal Information and Personal Information may be combined with data collected from other sources so that we may further improve the relevance of products, services, and advertisements offered on or through the Site. We will not sell, share, or rent Personal Information to third parties, and we will not otherwise disclose Personal Information to third parties, without your express permission or as expressly disclosed in this Privacy Policy.

From time to time, we might establish a business relationship with other persons or entities whom we believe trustworthy and whom we have asked to confirm that their privacy practices are consistent with ours ("Service Providers"). For example, we may contract with Service Providers to provide certain services, such as credit card processing, advertising, analytics tools, widget providers, data management services, Web hosting, and Web development. We provide our Service Providers with the information reasonably necessary for them to perform these services. Each Service Provider must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information involved in order to protect your information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.

We may use, and disclose to third parties, certain Non-Personal Information regarding the Site (e.g., number of visits, page views, number of registered members who reside in a particular geographic location, etc.). However, such information does not identify you individually. We may share Non-Personal Information and Personal Information with entities controlling, controlled by, or under common control with _7x7_. In the event that _7x7_ is merged, sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets, we may disclose or transfer Non-Personal Information and Personal Information in connection with such transaction.

In certain instances we may disclose Non-Personal Information or Personal Information when we believe it is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against persons or entities in order to protect _7x7_ or our users or when we believe that the law or legal process requires such disclosure.

 _6\. Public Forums_

Please be advised that, whenever you voluntarily post information to any community or interactive areas of the Site, such information can and may be accessed by the public. This means that any person or entity with access to such information can potentially use it for any purpose, including sending unsolicited communications.

 _7\. Security_

Information that we collect is stored on servers that _7x7_ manages, using standard security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information in an effort to protect information from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through the Site, we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit on or through the Site, and you do so at your own risk.

 _8\. Children's Privacy Statement_

We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records.

 _9\. Privacy Policy Changes_

_7x7_ may, in its sole and absolute discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time. _7x7_ will post a copy of the Privacy Policy as changed on the Site. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your agreement to abide by the Privacy Policy as changed. If you object to any such changes, your sole recourse shall be to cease using the Site.

_Effective Date: November 21, 2008_
