> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the oovoo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-10-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071014003210id_/http%3A//www.oovoo.com//legal/privacy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ooVoo - Free Video Conferencing and Video Messaging

  
**PRIVACY POLICY**

Thank you for reviewing our Privacy Policy. This web site, www.oovoo.com (the " **Site** ") is operated from the United States on behalf of Arel Communications and Software, Ltd., doing business as ooVoo (" **ooVoo** ," " **we** ," " **us** " and " **our** "). Your privacy is important to us. It is our policy to protect your Personal Information (as defined below) and to use it only in accordance with this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy only governs our use and disclosure of information collected through this Site and through your use of the ooVoo Software, including any associated updates, supplements, enhancements, upgrades, media, printed materials and electronic documentation (collectively, the " **Software** "). 

1\. **INFORMATION WE COLLECT FROM YOU.** When you use the Site or the Software, we automatically collect information about your Internet connection, including but not limited to, as applicable: 

  * The name of the Internet domain you used to access the Internet;
  * The IP address of the web site from which you linked to our Site or Software;
  * The date and time you accessed our Site and Software;
  * Statistics concerning your calls made through the Software, such as the length of the call, the IP address of the location that you called and the technical parameters about the call; and
  * The pages you visited.



This information (" **Non-Personal Information** ") does not identify you personally. We use this Non-Personal Information to monitor the effectiveness of the Site and Software, monitor and learn about calling patterns through the Software and to consider potential improvements to the Site and Software. 

We may request that you provide certain personally identifiable information or images (" **Personal Information** ") to register to use the Software and/or to use certain features of the Software or Site. Your Personal Information may include, without limitation, contact information, such as your name, address, e-mail address and phone numbers; or images that you choose to upload. By providing such information, you consent to our collection and use of it, as described in this Privacy Policy. We also store on a temporary basis information that you or other users may submit for transmission through the Software, such as video or file messages. Some of these files and messages may contain Personal Information. We do not collect any Personal Information about you when you visit the Site or use the Software unless you give us that information. 

2\. **USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION.** We use Personal Information obtained from you to administer your participation in the Site and to facilitate your use of the Software including, without limitation, to troubleshoot and resolve problems with the Site or Software. We also use your Personal Information to communicate information we think may be of interest to you, to improve our Site and Software and to collect and analyze statistical information regarding the Site and Software. We may use your email address or other Personal Information to send you transactional messages, newsletters, special promotional offers, consumer surveys and other commercial messages. If you no longer want to receive the newsletters, other announcements or commercial messages, simply access the Email Subscriptions page and uncheck those items to unsubscribe, or click the ‘unsubscribe’ link that we include at the bottom of every email that we send you. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us, including messages initiated by other users and those relating to your account transactions. You also understand that other users of the Site or Software may access and use your Personal Information and that we have no control over and are not responsible for their use of your Personal Information. 

3\. **SHARING YOUR INFORMATION.** When you participate in public forums, chat rooms or bulleting boards, your Personal Information may be disclosed to other users of the Site or Software. We also may use third party service providers and suppliers to facilitate the Site and the Software and/or to do mailings on our behalf, and they may have access to Personal Information. We may sell or provide your Personal Information to third parties for advertising purposes or to third parties that we believe have products or services of interest to you. In addition, we may buy or sell business assets or be acquired by or acquire other business organizations. In such transactions, Personal Information generally is one of the transferred business assets. In addition, in the event we merge or consolidate with another institution, Personal Information may be transferred to the successor entity. We also may disclose Personal Information if we are required or requested to do so by law. 

4\. **USE OF COOKIES.** The use of cookies enables us to enhance your visits to the Site. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your web browser. The help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, but this may limit your ability to use some features of the Site or Software. Cookies enable us to recognize your browser and provide features that are tailored to your needs. We may use information from cookies for purposes of planning, tracking and assessing the technical function and effectiveness of the Site and Software. 

5\. **LINKED SITES.** We may provide links on the Site to other sites of interest. We do not review or endorse the content of these sites or guarantee that they will abide by this Privacy Policy. Your use of such linked sites is subject to the terms and conditions and privacy policies of the providers of those sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our Site and to read the privacy statements of each Site that collects Personal Information. 

6\. **SECURITY MEASURES.** We work hard to protect the security of your information. While we strive to protect your information by using appropriate security measures to protect our system, such security cannot be guaranteed. Consequently, we do not insure or warrant the security of information you transmit, and you do so at your own risk. 

7\. **CHILDREN AND PARENTS.** We do not offer or provide products and services for children. If you are under 14, you may not use our Site or our Software. We do not intend to collect Personal Information from children. If your child has submitted Personal Information and you would like to request that such information be removed, you may contact us via one of the contact methods described on the Site and we will promptly remove such information and shall not use such information or include it in ooVoo’s database. Users under the age of fourteen and their parents or guardians are advised that any Personal Information voluntarily entered by children may be available for public access until ooVoo becomes aware that a user is under the age of fourteen and has had a reasonable opportunity to remove the information from our storage areas. 

8\. **REVIEWING INFORMATION.** You may review and make changes to Personal Information that is in user-controlled portions of the Software at any time by logging into the Software. If you have questions about your Personal Information, you may contact us by using the “Contact Us” section of the Site. 

9\. **CHANGES TO THIS POLICY.** We may change this Privacy Policy from time-to-time. If we do make a change, we will post the revised Privacy Policy on this Site. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy periodically. Questions, comments or complaints about our privacy policies should be submitted to us via the methods described on the Site. 
