> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fitnesswho.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-02-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150226055604id_/http%3A//fitnesswho.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Fitnesswho

Website Sowers, LLC and Fitnesswho.com are committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect, store, use and distribute information through the Fitnesswho.com website (the “Site”) and more generally through the Website Sowers, LLC services (the “Services”).

1\. Consent

By using the Services, you consent to the use of your Personal Information as described in this Privacy Policy. Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, your Personal Information will not be used for any other purpose without your consent. We will not actively collect Personal Information for the purpose of sale or marketing in a way that specifically identifies the individual. In other words, we don’t sell customer lists. You may withdraw your consent to our processing of your Personal Information at any time. However, withdrawing consent may result in your inability to continue using some or all of the Services. Please note that your use of the Services is also governed by our Terms and Conditions which can be read http://www.Fitnesswho.com/terms. In the event of any conflict between this Privacy Policy and the Terms and Conditions, the Terms and Conditions will prevail. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning given them in the Terms and Conditions.

2\. Collection of Information

We use Personal Information (defined below) to communicate with you as part of the Fitness Who experience, to personalize your experience, and to allow you to use the Services as a whole. More specifically, we aim to collect, use and disclose only such information as is required to enable us to manage your account, to provide the Services, to maintain our customer/visitor lists, to respond to your inquiries or provide feedback, for identification and authentication purposes, for service improvement, to target advertisements, and to address issues like malicious use of the Services. We will maintain the confidentiality of any contact information you provide to us on registering withFitness Who and will use it only for the purposes for which we have collected it (subject to the exclusions and disclosures we have listed below), unless you agree that we may disclose it to other third parties. Two types of information may be collected through the Services: Personal Information and Non-Personal Information. This Privacy Policy does not extend to the collection, use or disclosure of the following information which is currently not limited by applicable privacy laws: (a) information that is publicly available, such as names, addresses, telephone numbers and electronic address when listed in a directory or made available through directory assistance; or (b) Non-Personal Information (as defined further below).

(a) “Personal Information” is personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, credit card number (although we never ask for your credit card information), birth date and gender. At the time of collection, we will clearly identify the information being collected and the purposes for which it will be used. It is always your choice whether or not to provide Personal Information but if you choose not to provide certain requested Personal Information, in some instances you may not be able to register to use the Services or be able to access and use the App or the Site at all. In other instances, your choice not to provide certain other Personal Information may mean that you will not be able to use certain features of the Services. We may collect Personal Information through the Services, when you initially sign up or when you update your account settings. In addition, we may collect information from 3rd party services you specifically giveFitness Who access to (e.g. Twitter, Facebook, etc.), which includes such information your friends’ information.

(b) “Non-Personal Information” is information of an anonymous nature, such as an Internet Protocol Address (IP Address), the domain used to access the App or the Site, and the type and version of browser or operating system being used by visitors to the App or the Site. Aggregate information, such as demographic statistics of our users (e.g. average age or geographical allocation of our users), number of visitors, what pages users access or visit, and average time spent on the App or the Site. Business contact information such as the name, title, business address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a business or professional person or an employee of an organization is not considered Personal Information. Although the use of certain Non-Personal Information collected, used or disclosed through the Internet as described herein is not restricted (and to the extent that such is the case, the obligations under this Privacy Policy do not apply to such information), we provide information in this Privacy Policy about the collection of such information for the sake of transparency with respect to the operation of the Services. Such Non-Personal Information is collected or derived by us in the course of operating the App and the Site. For example, our servers may automatically collect Non-Personal Information that is provided through your mobile device or stored on your local device when you use the App or the Site.

3\. Use of Information. We collect information for the following purposes:

(a) Registration. In order to useFitness Who to work, you must create an account for the Services through the App or the Site which we use as an authentication method. During the registration process, you will be given an opportunity to provide certain optional information. This optional information will be used in and may be displayed as part of your account profile. When this information is collected, the information that is mandatory and the information that is optional will be clearly identified. You will also be told which information will be maintained in confidence and which information may be disclosed as part of your member profile.

(b) 3rd Party Data. If we are granted access to 3rd party location-based services, we may use data provided by those 3rd party services to pre-populate your initial registration information, to discover your friends, and to allow you to share your activity through those services.

(c) Your Friends. When you register with us, we may have access to listings of your friends, including their names, email addresses and telephone numbers either through your address book or from the 3rd party services you have signed up through. We will use that information to inform you of which of your friends are also using the App, to inform those users who are your friends that you are also using the Services, and to allow you to invite your friends to the App. For greater clarity we will not market to or contact your friends without your consent unless they are also users of the Services.

(d) Transactional Notifications. We also provide notifications for the activities you engage in through the Services that pertain to your account. Despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you notices of any updates to our Terms and Conditions or Privacy Policy.

(e) SMS Notifications. If enabled, we may notify you of user activities on the App over SMS. This will be sent to the phone number you supplied when you signed up or updated in your account settings. This SMS contains the exact bookmark or location of a fellow user. We also allow you to send your location information to your friends who may not already be users of the App, in which case they will receive an SMS with your information. Their phone number is public to you as a friend of this user.
