> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the royalholloway.ac.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190512221953id_/https%3A//www.royalholloway.ac.uk/privacy-and-cookies) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy and cookies

Your right to privacy is important to us.

#### Privacy and data protection

The following terms are provided to explain how we collect and use information about you so that you can make an informed choice about using the Website.

#### Data protection

Royal Holloway, University of London is keen to strike a fair balance between your personal privacy and ensuring that you obtain full value from the products and services it provides, while ensuring that it complies with all protection the Data Protection Act 1998 ('the Act') affords to you. Royal Holloway, University of London will hold and process your personal data securely in accordance with the Act, under which it is registered.

#### Collection and use of personal data

Personal data is not stored nor captured through the Website without the prior knowledge and consent of Users.

The Act gives you a number of rights, including the right to know what personal information Royal Holloway, University of London holds about you and the right to access this information. Please contact the College Secretary’s Office or search the website for more information.

[Read the college’s data protection policy](https://web.archive.org/about-us/more/governance-and-strategy/data-protection/)

#### Cookies, and how we use them

This Website uses cookies, a small piece of information stored on your computer in the form of a file, to facilitate access to restricted areas and to monitor usage by tracking which URLs are accessed and the sequence in which they are accessed (see paragraph 5.5 - Log files for more information).

You can find out more about cookies, their use, and how you can remove them by going to the Interactive Advertising Bureau website All About Cookies or at [Cookie Central](http://cookiecentral.com/). You should note that if a User sets up his or her browser to reject the cookie, he or she may still use the Website, although functionality may be impaired.

#### Log files

Continuous logs are kept of requests received by the Website's web servers as it is accessed. These logs are used to analyse usage of the Website.

Logs are maintained both by Royal Holloway, University of London and third parties contracted by Royal Holloway, University of London - Nedstat and Google Inc. ("Google") - who specialise in monitoring and analysing website usage (see paragraphs 5.5.4 and 5.5.5 for more information). We use Google Analytics to analyse use of the Website (see paragraph 5.5.5 below).

Each log entry includes the internet protocol (IP) address of the client used (typically, though not necessarily, the IP address of the personal computer (PC) used), the type of client used (typically, though not necessarily, the type and version of web browser used), the URL of the page (or object) requested, the URL of the previous page (or object) requested (known as the 'referrer' and could relate to this Website or another), and the reference number stored in a cookie created by the Website (if one exists). Royal Holloway, University of London logs additionally contain the username used to access restricted areas of the Website. This username is not collected by nor shared with Nedstat or Google Inc.

Nedstat may convert your IP address into anonymous statistical information but this will not affect your privacy.

Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the Royal Holloway, University of London analyse how users use the Website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Website (including, without limitation, your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Subject to paragraph 5.5.6 below, this information will not include any information from which you will be identifiable. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Website, compiling reports on Website activity for the Royal Holloway, University of London and providing other services relating to Website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this Website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. If you would like to receive more information on Google Analytics, and the kind of information that they collect and process, we refer you to the Google Analytics website (see <http://www.google.co.uk/analytics/en-GB/index.html)> and its privacy policy on that website (see [http://www.google.com/intl/en_ALL/privacy.html).](http://www.google.com/intl/en_ALL/privacy.html)

Royal Holloway, University of London is only able to link log entries to individuals where it holds personal data that can be associated with log entries using IP address, username, or reference number from cookies. This is only possible in relation to Users connected directly to the Royal Holloway, University of London network (ie using an Royal Holloway, University of London IP address) and Users using an Royal Holloway, University of London account (ie using an Royal Holloway, University of London username). We will only use this information to identify you where we are required to by law or where we suspect that there has been a breach of the law or of these Terms of Use.

#### User names and passwords

You are solely responsible in all respects for all use of and for protecting the confidentiality of any username and passwords that may be given to you or selected by you for use on our Website. You may not share these with or transfer them to any third parties.

You must notify us immediately of any unauthorised use of them or any other breach of security regarding our Website that comes to your attention.

#### Our cookies explained

A Cookie is a small text-based file given to you by a visited website that contains a small amount of information. Also known as HTTP cookies, web cookies or browser cookies, they are passed between the website and a browser. The website uses this information to remember things you have done on the website.

On the Royal Holloway website we use a small number of cookies as follows:

### ASP.NET SessionID

A unique, randomly generated number assigned to every visitor. It effectively lets a site know that it's communicating with the same browser each time a visitor does anything. No personal information is stored and it is destroyed when the browser is closed. When you revisit the site, your browser will be issued with a new one.

### Google Analytics

[Google Analytics](http://www.google.co.uk/analytics/) is used on almost every page of our main site. The statistics gathered help us to understand how our site is used. Google Analytics uses four cookies, none of which provide us with any personal information:

__utma

Each time someone visits a page they are provided with a unique ID via the __utma cookie. This is used to log the number of unique visits to a site.

__utmb & __utmc

Only the first of these two cookies is used to establish a session; the other one is now redundant but is still written. This is used to indicate how long a user spends on any pages visited.

__utmz

This shows how visitors were referred to a site, e.g. via a search engine, directly, a link from another website, etc. It also shows which pages were visited once there.

### LivePerson

[LivePerson ](http://www.liveperson.com/)is used on the pages of several departments and services. This offers live chat functionality and requires several cookies to function, most of which are set to expire when your session expires. None of these provide us with any personal information.

The following information is provided by LivePerson. You will only encounter these cookies if you choose to use the live chat services across our site:

LivePersonID

Two cookies with this name are created for different purposes. One includes a unique ID and creation time for the whole domain; the other contains the same unique ID, last visit time and last chat time. These IDs are randomly generated.

HumanClickKEY

Session key of a visit.

HumanClickACTIVE

An acceptance test cookie.

HumanClickSiteContainerID_<variableID>

Used for sites on the LivePerson Federation server. Details which element (container/session) is assigned to the visitor from the server.

HumanClickCHATKEY

Unique key to identify each chat session.

### AddToAny and AddThis

[AddToAny](http://www.addtoany.com/) is used on most web pages to provide social sharing functionality. We have configured this not to generate any tracking or marketing cookies but it does feed into our standard Google Analytics data.

AddToAny generates two cookies:

UVC - used to integrate with Google Analytics, marking users as a unique visitor

page_services - created when a user shares a page. this cookie can personalise the AddToAny service by recalling share service preferences; no personally identifiable data is ever collected.

[AddThis ](http://www.addthis.com/)is used on some pages to provide visitors with social interaction capabilities. We have explicitly configured our AddThis button not to use non-Analytics cookies, however, it does feed into our Google Analytics data. You can increase your privacy by [opting out of their advertising system](http://www.addthis.com/privacy).

### Interest-based advertising

These cookies allow third parties to identify what you find popular, allowing a more personalised selection of advertisements to be displayed when you browse the internet. They normally won't be just from us. It will build an overall, but anonymous, picture of your preferences based on how you browse the internet, to deliver more relevant advertising.

[Google Ads](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/) manages display advertising around the site, and gathers data for targeted advertising.
