> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the royalcanin.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150607150318id_/http%3A//www.royalcanin.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy / Home Royal Canin USA - Royal Canin

Royal Canin USA, Inc. ("Royal Canin") is dedicated to protecting your privacy and the security of your personal information when you visit our website. Please read this policy ("Privacy Policy") for information on how we collect your personal information on our website, how we protect your personal information and the choices you have concerning the use of your personal information.  Except as we disclose in the Privacy Policy, we do not sell, share, license, trade or rent your personal information to others. This Privacy Policy governs the United States website and online shopping portal operated by Royal Canin ("Website").  
This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by our Website. We are not responsible for the privacy of any information you may reveal or post in any public forum, such as a message board or chat room, or through the "Public Profile" feature available on our Website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of websites owned or operated by third parties, and we encourage you to read the applicable privacy policies for those websites.  
By using our Website or any of our features, tools, or resources that we provide on our Website, including without limitation any products or offerings you may order via the Website, if any, (collectively, "Online Products"), you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, the Website Terms & Conditions and the Webshop Terms & Conditions (collectively, "Notices and Policies").  Royal Canin reserves the right to make changes to the Website and the Notices and Policies at any time.  If we decide to use the information collected by our Website in a manner significantly different from the manner stated in this Privacy Policy or otherwise disclosed to you at the time the information was collected, we will notify you by e-mail and you will have the choice as to whether we can use your information in the new manner.  If you do not agree to be bound by the Notices and Policies, your sole remedy is to not use the Website.  We will revise the "last updated" date at the top of this page when changes are posted to this Privacy Policy.

**INFORMATION WE COLLECT**  
We may collect information from you in different manners and at different places and times on our Website.  When we collect information, we collect two types of information: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information (collectively, "Personal Information").

_Personally Identifiable Information_  
Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies you or can be used to identify or contact you.  Personally Identifiable Information may include the name and/or breed of your pet; your name, mailing address, e-mail address and telephone number; your age; and your credit card number and billing address if you choose to make a purchase or subscribe to our Online Products.  We may request Personally Identifiable Information from you when you register on our Website or subscribe to our current Online Products or in connection with other Online Products we may make available on our Website.  We will collect Personally Identifiable Information from you only if you voluntarily submit such information to us.  
You are not required to provide Personally Identifiable Information to visit our Website.  However, if you choose to withhold requested Personally Identifiable Information, you may not be able to use all sections of our Website or to purchase our Online Products.   
_Non-Personally Identifiable Information_  
Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify you and cannot be used to identify or contact you.  Non-Personally Identifiable Information may include demographic information such as your zip code, age, gender or profession, or technical information such as your IP address, browser type and language, the search engine(s) and keywords you used to find our Website, referring website addresses or the pages you view within our Website.   
We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information, particularly the anonymous statistical data involving the use of our Website, to help us understand our users and to allow us to improve and better market our Website and Online Products.

**WHEN AND HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION**  
_Becoming a Registered User and Subscriber_  
In order to access certain Online Products on our Website, such as chat rooms, message boards and user tools, you must first become either a registered user or a subscriber.  While signing up to become either a registered user or a subscriber, you may be required to provide us with Personal Information such as your name, zip code and e-mail address.  If you purchase or subscribe to one of our Online Products, you may also be required to provide us with credit card and billing information.  We use this information to help us understand who uses our Website in order to provide a better Website and Online Products and to contact users about requested Online Products or subscription billing.  We may request additional Non-Personally Identifiable Information, particularly demographic information, from you so we can provide you a more personalized experience on our Website, but providing this information is not required to use our Website, Online Products or subscription billing services.  
_Cookies_  
We collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information through the use of "cookies".  Cookies are small text files placed on your computer by a webpage server that contain information which can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie.  Cookies cannot be used to run programs or to deliver viruses to your computer.  We use cookies to personalize your experience on our Website, such as dynamically generating content on webpages specifically designed for you; to assist you in using our Online Products, such as saving time because you do not have to reenter your name each time you visit our Website; and to allow us to statistically monitor how you use our Website in order to improve our online offerings. We may also use cookies to target certain advertisements to your browser which may be of interest to you or to determine the popularity of certain content.  
The third parties we use to display or serve advertisements on our Website or to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information in order to provide advertising-related services may also place cookies on your computer.  Neither the third parties nor their cookies collect Personally Identifiable Information on our Website.  
You do not have to accept cookies to use our Website.  Most web browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you may reset your browser to either notify you when you receive a cookie or to reject cookies.  Most browsers offer instructions on how to do so in the "Help" section of the toolbar.  While you are not required to accept cookies to access our Website, if you do not accept cookies, certain products, offerings, features or resources of our Website, including certain Online Products, may be unavailable to you.  
Advertisers and other third parties may use their own cookies when you click on their advertisement or link to their website or service.  This Privacy Policy does not govern the use of cookies or collection of information by third-party websites or providers of third-party advertising once you leave our Website.  
_Online Products_  
We collect Personal Information you voluntarily provide to us when you choose to purchase our Online Products.  We also collect Personal Information you voluntarily provide through responses to special Online Products such as surveys, questionnaires, self-assessment quizzes and contests. We may also collect information from you in connection with or through other Online Products we make available on our Website.  We collect this information in order to facilitate your purchase of our Online Products and to offer you products or services that we think may be of interest to you.  
_Log Files_  
We collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information through our Internet log files which record data such as your IP address, browser type and language, referring website address and access times. This is standard information that your web browser sends to every website you visit.  We use this information to analyze trends in Website visitation and usage, to administer the Website and to gather general demographic information.  We may link this information to Personally Identifiable Information for these and other purposes, including personalizing your experience on our Website and evaluating our Online Products.

**INFORMATION PROVIDED THROUGH PUBLIC FORUMS AND THE PUBLIC PROFILE FEATURE  **  
Our Website features public forums such as chat rooms, message boards and bulletin boards where users of our Website can communicate with each other.  We offer a "Public Profile" feature on our Website that allows users to share information about themselves with others.  THIS PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT PROTECT YOU WHEN YOU USE OUR PUBLIC FORUMS OR PROVIDE INFORMATION, INCLUDING PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION, ABOUT YOURSELF THROUGH THE PUBLIC PROFILE FEATURE.  Any information shared in a public forum or through the Public Profile feature is information available to the public and may be seen or collected by third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy.  Users disclose public information on a public forum or through the Public Profile feature at their own risk. _ _ **COLLECTION AND USE OF CHILDREN** **'S PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
We are committed to protecting the privacy of children.  Our Website is not designed for or directed to children under 13. We do not collect Personally Identifiable Information from any person known to be under 13.  We encourage all parents and guardians to participate in their children's exploration of the Internet and to teach their children about protecting their personal information online.

**USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
In general, we use the Personal Information collected on our Website to help us understand who uses our Website and how it is used, to personalize your online experience, to assist you in using our Online Products, to improve our Website and to provide subscription billing services upon request.  When you become a registered user or subscribe to one of our Online Products, we may use the Personal Information we collected in order to send you a welcome e-mail that confirms your user name and password.   
You may choose to subscribe to our electronic newsletters and e-mail communications, which may include information about our products, services and news that may be of interest to you.  If you no longer desire to receive these communications, you can change your preferences on your profile.  We will also provide an opt-out option at the end of every newsletter or e-mail communication.   
If you contact us via e-mail with questions or comments, we may use the Personal Information we collect from you to respond to those questions or comments, and we may file your questions or comments for future reference.  
We use the Personal Information we collect to communicate with you.  We may send you important service announcements and updates regarding our Website, Online Products or your billing account status. You will not be able to unsubscribe from these service announcements and updates because they contain important information relevant to your use of our Website and Online Products. ** **

**SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES**  
Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose any Personal Information we collect from you on our Website outside of Royal Canin and our affiliates without your consent.  
_Affiliates_  
We may disclose Personal Information we collect from you to our Affiliates.  For purposes of this Privacy Policy, "Affiliates"means any person or entity which directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Royal Canin, whether by ownership or otherwise. Our Affiliates will treat any information they receive in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.  
_Third Parties Generally_  
We may provide to third parties information we collect from you that does not allow you to be identified or contacted, including where such information is combined with similar information from other users of our Website.  For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of unique users who visit our Website, the demographic breakdown of registered users or the activities visitors to our Website engage in while on our Website.  The third parties to which we may provide this information include potential or actual advertisers, providers of advertising services, including website tracking services, commercial partners, sponsors, licensees and researchers.  
_Outside Contractors_  
We may employ independent contractors, vendors and suppliers (collectively, "Outside Contractors") to provide limited services and products related to our Website.  Outside Contractors may include chat room hosts and maintainers, credit card processors, application developers and e-mail service providers.  Outside Contractors may sometimes have limited access to your Personally Identifiable Information collected on our Website in the course of providing those services and products.  Outside Contractors will be permitted to obtain only the Personally Identifiable Information reasonably necessary to deliver those services and products.  We require Outside Contracts to (i) protect the privacy of your Personally Identifiable Information consistent with this Privacy Policy and (ii) not use or disclose your Personally Identifiable Information for any purpose other than providing us with the products or services for which we contracted.  
_In Response to Laws and Legal Rights_  
We may disclose your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that we are required to do so in order to comply with an applicable statute, regulation, rule or law, a subpoena, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order or another valid legal process.  We may disclose your Personal Information in special circumstances when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Notices and Policies or to protect the safety and security of our users, our Website and the general public.  
_Successors_  
We reserve the right to transfer your Personal Information to a third party in the event of a sale, merger or other transfer of all or substantially all of the assets of Royal Canin, provided that the third party agrees to adhere to the terms of this Privacy Policy.

**LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES**  
This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected on our Website.  Our Website may contain links to other Internet sites not owned or operated by Royal Canin.  Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites.  We encourage you to be aware when you follow a link from our Website to another website and to read the privacy policies or statements of each website you visit.

**SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
Royal Canin strives to protect the security of your Personal Information collected from our Website and to provide secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers through industry-standard techniques.  We endeavor to secure your Personal Information on servers located in controlled, secure environments and protected from unauthorized accesses, use or alteration.  Only authorized employees who need access to your information in order to perform a specific task or function are granted access.  All Royal Canin employees must abide by this Privacy Policy and are kept up-to-date on security practices.  Any employee who violates this Privacy Policy is subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.  Please be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the Internet.  Notwithstanding the above commitments to protect your information from loss, misuse or alteration by third parties, we cannot ensure or warrant the security and privacy of any information you transmit to us.

**CHOICES REGARDING THE COLLECTION, DISCLOSURE, AND DISTRIBUTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION**  
Except as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy, we will only use Personally Identifiable Information for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy or as disclosed at the time we request such information from you.  You must opt-in and give us permission to use your Personally Identifiable Information for any other purpose.

**PERSONAL INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATION PREFERENCES**  
You can contact the webmaster at info@royalcanin.us in order to update or correct your Personally Identifiable Information, change your preferences regarding communications and other information you receive from us or delete the Personally Identifiable Information maintained about you on our systems.  Such updates, corrections, changes and deletions will not have an affect on any order history we may maintain or the information that we provided to third-parties in accordance with this Privacy Policy prior to such update, correction, change or deletion.  
We will be unable to remove from our entire system every record of the information you provided to us.  The need to back-up our system in order to protect information from inadvertent loss means that a copy of your Personally Identifiable Information may exist that will be difficult or impossible for us to locate.  We promise that after receiving your request, all Personally Identifiable Information stored in databases we actively use and other readily searchable media will be updated corrected, changed or deleted within sixty (60) days. 
