> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the royalgazette.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181226174421id_/http%3A//www.royalgazette.com/section/%3Ftemplate%3D3) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The Royal Gazette

July 2011

At The Royal Gazette we recognize that privacy is important. This Policy applies to all of the products, services and websites offered by The Royal Gazette Inc. or its subsidiaries or affiliated companies (collectively, The Royal Gazette's "services"). In addition, where more detailed information is needed to explain our privacy practices, we post separate privacy notices to describe how particular services process personal information, which are accessible from the navigation bar. The Royal Gazette adheres to the US safe harbor privacy principles of Notice, Choice, Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access and Enforcement. If you have any questions about this Policy, please feel free to contact us through our website or write to us at Privacy Matters, c/o The Royal Gazette Ltd., 2 Par-La-Ville Road, Hamilton HM 08, Bermuda.

Information we collect and how we use it:

We offer a number of services that do not require you to register for an account or provide any personal information to us, such as The Royal Gazette Search. In order to provide our full range of services, we may collect the following types of information:

When you sign up for a Royal Gazette account or other Royal Gazette service or promotion that requires registration, we may ask you for personal information (such as your name, email address , and account password and certain demographic information). For certain services, such as our advertising programmes, we may also request credit card or other payment account information which we maintain in encrypted form on secure servers. We may combine the information you submit under your account with information from other The Royal Gazette services or third parties in order to provide you with a better experience and to improve the quality of our services. For certain services, we may give you the opportunity to opt out of combining such information.

When you visit www.royalgazette.com, we may send one or more cookies - a small file containing a string of characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. We use cookies to improve the quality of our service by storing user preferences and tracking user trends, such as how people search. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies, but you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some www.royalgazette.com features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. To learn more about cookies click [here](https://web.archive.org/section/?template=2)

When you use www.royalgazette.com services, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. 

When you send e-mail or other communication to The Royal Gazette, we may retain those communications in order to process your inquiries, respond to your requests and improve our services.

We offer some of our services in connection with other websites. Personal information that you provide to those sites may be sent to www.royalgazette.com in order to deliver the service. We process such information in accordance with this Policy. The affiliated sites may have different privacy practices and we encourage you to read their privacy policies.

www.royalgazette.com may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. We use this information to improve the quality of our search technology, customized content and advertising. For more information about links and redirected URLs

This Privacy Policy applies to web sites and services that are owned and operated by The Royal Gazette. We do not exercise control over the sites displayed as search results or links from within our various services. These other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data, or solicit personal information from you. The Royal Gazette only processes personal information for the purposes described in the applicable Privacy Policy and/or privacy notice for specific services. In addition to the above, such purposes include: Providing our products and services to users, including the display of customized content and advertising; Auditing, research and analysis in order to maintain, protect and improve our services; Ensuring the technical functioning of our network; Developing new services. 

You can find more information about how we process personal information by referring to the privacy notices for particular services.

The Royal Gazette processes personal information on our servers in the United States of America and in Bermuda. In some cases, we process personal information on a server outside your own country. We may process personal information to provide our own services. In some cases, we may process personal information on behalf of and according to the instructions of a third party, such as our advertising partners. 

Third Party Ad Servers. Some of the advertisements and other services that appear on our web site(s) are delivered to you by Internet advertising companies. These companies utilize certain technologies including cookies to deliver advertisements and marketing messages and to collect anonymous information about your visit to our sites and other web sites. If you would like more information about this practice or to opt out of having this information used by companies that are part of the Network Advertising Initiative to provide targeted ads, please visit [www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)

**What are Ads by Google?**

Ads by Google are keyword-targeted advertisements provided through the Google AdWords program.

Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to your website. These listings are administered, sorted and maintained by Google. For information about these Google ads, go to [adwords.google.com](http://adwords.google.com/).

Google may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your Web browser. The DoubleClick DART cookie is used by Google in the ads served on the websites of its partners, such as websites displaying AdSense ads or participating in Google certified ad networks. When users visit a partner's website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user's browser. The data gathered from these cookies will be used to help better serve and manage ads on the publisher's site(s) and across the web. Information from this cookie may be used by Google to help provide advertisers with targeted advertising opportunities. 

Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the advertising opt-out page. (Alternatively, you can direct users to opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies by visiting the [Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).) 

For more information about Google's privacy policy, including how to opt out of this tracking, go to [www.google.com/ads/preferences](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences).

By clicking on a link in these advertisements, you will leave royalgazette.com. The Web site you will go to is not endorsed by royalgazette.com or The Royal Gazette Limited. 

When you sign up for a particular service that requires registration, we ask you to provide personal information. If we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, then we will ask for your consent prior to such use. If we propose to use personal information for any purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific service notices, we will offer you an effective way to opt out of the use of personal information for those other purposes. We will not collect or use sensitive information for purposes other than those described in this Policy and/or in the specific service notices, unless we have obtained your prior consent.

You can decline to submit personal information to any of our services, in which case www.royalgazette.com may not be able to provide those services to you. 

The Royal Gazette only shares personal information with other companies or individuals outside of The Royal Gazette in the following limited circumstances: We have your consent. We require opt-in consent for the sharing of any sensitive personal information. We provide such information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies or other trusted businesses or persons for the purpose of processing personal information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information based on our instructions and in compliance with this Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. We have a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce applicable Terms of Service, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues, or (d) protect against imminent harm to the rights, property or safety of The Royal Gazette, its users or the public as required or permitted by law.

If The Royal Gazette becomes involved in a merger, acquisition, or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, we will provide notice before personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. We may share with third parties certain pieces of aggregated, non-personal information, such as the number of users who searched for a particular term, for example, or how many users clicked on a particular advertisement. Such information does not identify you individually.

Please contact us at the address below for any additional questions about the management or use of personal data. 

We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. We restrict access to personal information to The Royal Gazette employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. 

The Royal Gazette processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary. 

When you use The Royal Gazette services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your personal information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardise the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup tapes), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case where we provide information access and correction, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Some of our services have different procedures to access, correct or delete users' personal information. We provide the details for these procedures in the specific privacy notice for these services. 

The Royal Gazette regularly reviews its compliance with this Policy. Please feel free to direct any questions or concerns regarding this Policy or The Royal Gazette's treatment of personal information by contacting us through this web site or by writing to us at Privacy Matters, c/o The Royal Gazette Ltd., P.O. Box HM 1025, Hamilton HM DX, Bermuda. When we receive formal written complaints at this address, it is The Royal Gazette's policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between The Royal Gazette and an individual.

Please note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time. We will not reduce your rights under this Policy without your explicit consent, and we expect most such changes will be minor. Regardless, we will post any Policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of Policy changes). Each version of this Policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date, and we will also keep prior versions of this Privacy Policy in an archive for your review. If you have any additional questions or concerns about this Policy, please feel free to contact us any time through this web site or at Privacy Matters, The Royal Gazette Ltd., P.O. Box HM 1025, Hamilton HM DX, Bermuda. 
