> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the royalpay.eu privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190409213214id_/https%3A//royalpay.eu/policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy - Royal Pay

  1. General provisions 
    1. This Privacy policy is the Supplement to the General agreement and comes into effect together with the General agreement.
    2. Royal Pay respects the right to personal privacy and puts in all reasonable efforts to ensure the security and confidentiality of the personal data and other information processed on this website.
    3. By visiting this website and/or using the information and/or services contained therein, the Client accepts and agrees that s/he is acquainted with, understands and agrees to this Privacy policy. This Privacy policy does not apply to other Internet and non-Internet projects and products or services of Royal Pay. Royal Pay retains the right to change the provisions of this Privacy policy at its discretion; therefore, when visiting this website, the Client has the responsibility to make sure that s/he is familiar with the newest version of the Privacy policy which shall be applicable every time the Client visits the website.
  2. Personal data management 
    1. Some of the data contained on this website, which Royal Pay receives directly from the Client and/or public information files, can be considered personal data and therefore will be processed by Royal Pay in accordance with the law and other legislation of the Republic of Latvia and these Privacy policy provisions.
    2. The Client may visit this websites without providing any information about him/herself, but if the Client wants to start using services offered by Royal Pay on the website, Royal Pay asks the Client to provide his/her email address and/or phone number, also name and surname or company name, and other information (in dependence with the services the Client aims to use).
    3. Usually Royal Pay manages the following personal data: name and surname; email address; mobile phone number; personal code; data of the personal identity document; date of birth; photo; address; signature; IP address; any information provided by the Client to Royal Pay.
    4. Data, which the Client submits, is processed with the following aims: identification; verification of accuracy of personal data; conclusion, execution and control of various agreements; detection and prevention of money laundering or any other illegal activity, etc.
    5. On this website Royal Pay may use cookies. Cookies are small files sent to the Client's web browser and stored on his/her computer's hard drive. Cookies are sent to the Client's computer the first time s/he visits the website. Later on, cookies are used to identify the Client's computer and facilitate his/her access to this website or the information contained therein. The Client agrees for cookies to be used. Most web browsers accept cookies, but the Client can change his/her browser settings so that cookies are not accepted. In this case, some features may not work.
    6. Like many website managers, Royal Pay monitors the hits of the website and collects information on how many people have visited the website, what is the server domain name of the visitors' internet service provider, etc. This information is collected automatically during the visit on the website. It helps website manager to understand how visitors use the website and allows improving services provided by Royal Pay.
    7. All of the aforementioned information comprising Client's personal data will not be transferred to any third parties without Client's consent, unless applicable legal acts require otherwise or it is necessary to provide services. Royal Pay retains the right to hire other people at its discretion, if necessary, to carry out certain functions on behalf of Royal Pay. In order to carry out the functions assigned to such people, some of the Client's information may be made available to them. However, mentioned people cannot use this information for any purposes other than to perform functions that have been assigned to them.
    8. The manager of personal data processed on this website is Royal Pay as it is defined in the General Payment Service Agreement.
  3. Access to personal data, its correction and refusal 
    1. The subject of personal data has the right to demand to be acquainted with personal data stored by Royal Pay, learn how it is processed and request to submit such data to him/her. The data can be provided free of charge once per calendar year, but in other cases provision of data may be charged at the amount which does not exceed the cost of data provision.
    2. The subject of personal data has the right to demand Royal Pay to correct all his/her personal data free of charge. The subject of personal data has also the right to refuse to have his/her personal data managed and disclosed to third parties, except when it is necessary to provide services.
    3. Request for access, correction and refusal may be sent by email at support@royalpay.eu. In the request the Client has to indicate his/her name, surname, and user name clearly.
  4. Processing of personal data for client notification purposes 
    1. By registering in the System, the subject of personal data agrees for his/her data to be processed by Royal Pay for notification purposes, i.e. sending notifications about changes in services provided to the Client, their prices and features, agreements concluded with the Client and similar changes, Royal Pay system's messages and other notifications related to provided services.
  5. Third-party websites 
    1. Royal Pay is not responsible for assurance of Client's privacy on websites of third parties even when third-party websites are available through links presented on this website. Royal Pay recommends reading privacy terms of each website which is not owned by Royal Pay.
  6. Logotype usage 
    1. Royal Pay provides the Client, using Royal Pay services for business and professional needs, with the opportunity to show in the System descriptions of the services provided and goods sold by him/her free of charge during the Agreement validity period (if it does not conflict with the applicable legislation). Royal Pay has the right to delete such description and/or logotype from the System or do not advertise it without a separate warning and without indicating reasons for such deletion or non-advertising.


