> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the royaldraw.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130330060716id_/http%3A//www.royaldraw.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Daily Draws | Online Draws | RoyalDraw.com - Privacy

This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices in effect for the Royal Coupon (http://www.royalcoupon.com) and Royal Draw (http://www.royaldraw.com) websites (collectively referred to as the "Site"). Royal Coupon Inc. (referred to as "us", "we", or "Royal Coupon") is the provider and operator of the Site and all its contents. Please read the following to learn what information we collect from you (referred to as "you" or "User") and how we use that information. Royal Coupon is committed to protecting your privacy online. If you have any questions concerning this privacy policy please email us. 

**Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and in its entirety. By using the Site, you certify that you have read this Privacy Policy, understand it, and agree to abide by all of the terms contained herein, as well as to abide by the Terms of Use for the Site. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy and/or the Terms of Use, please discontinue use of this Site.**

 ****
* **Privacy Policy modifications** Royal Coupon reserves the right to modify this privacy statement at any time. If significant modifications are made to the terms of our Privacy Policy we will post notice of said changes to this Privacy Policy, and may email notification to our subscribers, in order to keep you aware at all times of what information we collect, how we use that information, and under what circumstances we may disclose that information, if any. It is recommended that you re-read this page every so often to ensure you are up-to-date with our existing policies regarding the collection and use of your information. 
* **Types of information collected and uses of collected information** Royal Coupon collects two types of information about our Users: Personally Identifying Information and Non-Personally Identifying Information. We also may ask you to supply information on people you refer our offers to, or make purchases for. 

**Personally Identifying Information**   
Personally Identifying Information is information that is used to identify a specific User. Personally Identifying Information is collected when you engage in activities on the Site that require you to voluntarily enter in information, such as creating or updating an account, purchasing a Deal, redeeming points at the Points Store, applying for a job, publishing/posting content in discussion forums or comment areas, filling out a survey or form, entering a draw or sweepstakes through our Site, sending feedback to us or our Partners, requesting information about us or our partners, or signing up for special offers from third parties through the Site (collectively referred to as "Identifying Activities"). In such cases, you may be asked to supply certain Personally Identifying Information, such as your first and last name, email address, telephone number, mailing address (including postal code), city of residence, date of birth, and, in the case of purchasing a Deal or other service with us, your credit card number information, including type of credit card, credit card number, expiry date, and authentication code. With the exception of credit card information, your Personally Identifying Information will be stored on our system for the purposes of our operations, and for User convenience. 

Depending on the activity you wish to engage in, some of the information we ask you to provide will be mandatory, and some will be voluntary. If you do not provide mandatory information for a particular activity that requires it, such as an email address when creating an account or credit card information when purchasing a Deal, you will not be allowed to engage in that activity. If you use our Site to send information or offers, we may store any Personally Identifying Information attached to what you send. 

Your Personally Identifying Information is used to offer and provide you with goods and services, improve Site operation, analyze Site use, conduct contests, improve marketing promotions, improve our goods and services offers, and to customize your experience with third parties as laid out in this Privacy Policy. If you send Royal Coupon an email commenting on the deals, goods, or services subject to our Site, we may use your comments and feedback either internally or externally. We may publish your comments and feedback as a testimonial, and/or to inform others about our services, or promote our Site or our offers. We may also post your comment in our internal marketing documents, and/or on our Site. Prior to posting your comments publicly on our Site, we will secure consent from you to use your full name along with your comment. In submitting a comment or reply to our social media, such as the Royal Coupon or Royal Draw blog, Facebook page, or Twitter feed, you are agreeing to have that comment be shown publicly. 

We may also use Personally Identifying Information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot our Site, send promotional emails, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, assert enforcement of the terms of our agreements with you (including our Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy) according to any and all applicable laws, and/or in cooperation with law enforcement actions. 

**Non-Personally Identifying Information**   
Non-Personally Identifying Information is information that does not represent or identify a specific User. Non-Personally Identifying Information includes things like the Internet Protocol ("IP") address of the computer you use to access our Site, the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the website you visited before coming to our Site, the URL of the website you visit after leaving our Site, and the type of browser you use when accessing our Site. We and/or our authorized third party service providers and advertisers, may collect this information automatically through the use of electronic information collection tools like cookies and web beacons or pixel tags, as laid out in this Privacy Policy. 

We use Non-Personally Identifying Information to help us manage and troubleshoot the Site, analyze usage trends, gather User demographic information, comply with applicable laws, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may share Non-Personally Identifying Information with our authorized third party service providers and advertisers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, and programming. 

* **Release of Personally Identifying Information**

Royal Coupon shall not sell, rent, trade, or otherwise share your Personally Identifying Information with other parties except as described below: 

**Sharing information with Requesting Merchants**   
From time to time Royal Coupon may share your Personally Identifying Information with particular Merchants who request Information on customers who purchase their Deal in order to help facilitate redemption or delivery (referred to as "Requesting Merchants"). Sharing this Information may allow a Requesting Merchant to market to you directly if they choose to do so. However, we will only share Personally Identifying Information with a Requesting Merchant if you engage in an Identifying Activity directly connected to that specific Requesting Merchant, i.e. when you buy a Deal through our Site from that Requesting Merchant. We inform any and all such Requesting Merchants that they are only permitted to your Personally Identifying Information to communicate with you for purposes relating to the specific promotion associated with Royal Coupon. Royal Coupon is in no way liable or responsible for the actions of a Requesting Merchant who uses your information to contact you for purposes not relating to the specific promotion associated with Royal Coupon, and such actions are not under our control. 

**Sharing information with authorized Third-Party Service Providers**   
Royal Coupon provides services and products through Third-Party Service Providers (referred to as "Third-Party Service Providers") who perform functions on our behalf, such as sending and distributing Royal Coupon's administrative and promotional emails. Royal Coupon may share your Personally Identifying Information with Third-Party Service Providers in order to operate or troubleshoot the Site, fulfill customer orders, send mail or email, deliver packages, remove repetitive information on customer lists, provide search results and links, administer draws or sweepstakes, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide customer service, and/or to process credit card payments. Royal Coupon may also collect Personally Identifying Information from individuals and companies with whom we have business relationships (referred to as "Partners"), and may share your information with third parties to perform administrative functions. For example, when you make a purchase, we release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment. We may also release a Partner's information to our bank in order to send out a payment. 

We encourage Requesting Merchants and Third-Party Service Providers to adopt and post their own privacy policies. The use of your Personally Identifying Information by Requesting Merchants and Third-Party Service Providers is governed by their respective privacy policies, and is not under our control. 

**Sharing information with our survey provider**   
The surveys made available for Users on our Site are supplied by a third party, Precision Sample, LLC ("Precision"), and as such, any Personally and Non-Personally Identifying Information submitted through the survey page on our Site or the survey itself will be shared with Precision. If you participate in surveys through the Site, you may be asked to provide certain information including, but not limited to, your name, address, consumer and shopping habits, and other personal information that could be used to qualify you for surveys (collectively "User Data"). User Data collected on the Site’s survey page and through the surveys ("Survey Data") is jointly owned by Royal Coupon and Precision, and can only be used by Precision in accordance with this Privacy Policy. User Data collected through a Survey may be delivered to the survey Sponsor, free of any restrictions or claims by any party. Neither Royal Coupon, nor Precision, nor the Sponsor shall send emails to any Users who have not opted in to receive those emails. Each party must also post a Privacy Policy outlining its policies with respect to the collection and use of information from Users, and must comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including but not limited to CAN-SPAM and consumer privacy protection laws, subject to the collections, handling, storage and transmission of User Data. 

Precision and Royal Coupon shall make available to each other, upon request, all User Data collected through the Site’s survey page, subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy, including opt-in and opt-out transactions. Neither party shall use User Data in any way other than to provide applicable surveys, collect research for the survey Sponsor, and deliver that research to the Sponsor, and shall not disclose, disseminate or in any way publish or communicate User Data to any person, firm, corporation or third party without the prior written consent of the User, except to employees, contractors, financial and legal advisors, subsidiaries who have a need to know, have been informed of the confidentiality terms of this Privacy Policy, and who agree in writing or are required by law to maintain the confidentiality of the User Data. Both parties are contractually obligated to use the same degree of care used in protecting its own confidential information from unauthorized disclosure to protect all User Data in its possession. 

One or both parties may disclose User Data only to the extent necessary to comply with its legal obligations if so required by law or a court order, wherein the recipient shall, if possible, give the User prompt written notice, and cooperate with the User at the User’s expense in any effort the User wants to undertake to obtain a protective order. 

Both parties have made a contractual agreement that neither party is granted any property right, by license or otherwise, to any User Data. Neither party shall allow any other party to copy or modify and User Data, and neither party shall export or re-export (within the meaning of export control laws or regulations) any User Data in any form. 

**Re-marketing your information**   
Royal Coupon may re-market your information. Re-marketing enables us to connect with Users based on their past interactions with the Site. We may hire third-party marketing vendors to perform re-marketing services on our behalf. As a result, third-party vendors, including search engines like Google, may show Royal Coupon advertisements. Third-party vendors use cookies to collect User information in order to serve ads based on a User’s prior visits to the Royal Coupon Site. This information shall be used only for re-marketing purposes, and will not be used by third-party vendors for any other purpose. If you would like to opt out of the use of cookies by third-party vendors please contact them directly. 

**Sharing information in a business transfer**   
Like all businesses, Royal Coupon Inc. could merge with, or be annexed by another company. Should this occur, that company would inherit and be able to access the information we store, including Personally Identifying Information. In such case, the Personally Identifying Information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy. 

**Sharing information for our protection and the protection of others**   
Royal Coupon reserves the right to disclose your Personally Identifying Information as required by law when we have reason to believe that such disclosure is necessary to protect our rights; to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Site; to enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our Terms of Use, or other Agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of the Site, its Users, or others. 

* **Release of Non-Personally Identifying Information** Royal Coupon may release or share Non-Personally Identifying Information, such as composite demographic information, with partners and advertisers, which includes Third-Party Advertisers or Third-Party Advertising Companies, and other parties as outlined below. 

Third-Party Advertising Companies may be employed by Royal Coupon to provision ads when you visit our Site. These companies may use Non-Personally Identifying Information collected during and with regards to your visits to the Site in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you through the use of network tags. Some of these companies may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). If you wish to learn more about the NAI or any NAI member company, or if you wish to opt out of the targeted advertising initiative of any NAI member company, visit the [ NAI website](http://www.networkadvertising.org/). 

We may also use Third-Party Service Providers to track and analyze non-personally identifying usage and volume statistical information from our Users to administer our Site, and to continuously improve its quality. We may publish this statistical information for promotional purposes, or to represent audience for advertisers. None of this statistical information constitutes Personally Identifying Information, and it is used and published only as general representative summaries of the activities of our Users. This statistical information and data is owned and used by us, and is collected on our behalf. 

* **Updating and deleting information** Royal Coupon believes that you should have the ability to access and edit your provided and stored Personally Identifying Information. At any time you may manually change any of your Personally Identifying Information by logging into your account, or you can send Royal Coupon an email request at [info@royalcoupon.com](mailto:info@royalcoupon.com), or a written request to: 

Royal Coupon Inc.   
160 Confederation Parkway,   
Vaughan, Ontario, L4K 4T8. 

Please include your current account name, address, email address, and the new information you would like us to update for you. 

We encourage you to promptly update your Personally Identifying Information if it changes. At any time you may ask to have the information attached to your account deleted or removed, excepting information connecting to past transactions on our Site as this information is also stored as Royal Coupon transaction information, which is tracked by us. We may not be able to completely delete all of your information as we periodically backup information. 

As demonstrated above, you always have a choice in whether or not to provide Personally Identifying Information, and whether or not to provide Non-Personally Identifying Information by choosing whether or not to access our Site. 

* **Administrative and Promotional emails** Royal Coupon may send you emails that relate to your activity on our Site and/or contain account and transaction information (referred to as "Administrative Emails"), as well as emails with information and updates on our products and promotional offers (referred to as "Promotional Emails"). Promotional Emails advertise our products and services, including exclusive offers, and/or the products and services of our Advertisers and Partners. If you wish to opt out of receiving our Promotional Emails, please unsubscribe by emailing us at [info@royalcoupon.com](mailto:info@royalcoupon.com), or by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link found at the bottom of all our Promotional Emails. When contacting us by email or in writing, please include your name and the email address you use to subscribe to our mailing list. 
* **Information security** We at Royal Coupon take the security of our User information very seriously, and numerous safeguards are in place to protect Personally Identifying Information. Access to your Personally Identifying Information on our Site requires a User to confirm their email address, and to provide an encrypted password. We suggest you do not share your password with anyone. In addition to password protection, your Personally Identifying Information survives on a secure server that only select personnel and contractors can access. We encrypt certain sensitive information, such as credit card information, using Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") technology in order to ensure your Personally Identifying Information is safe when being transmitted to us. 

No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be 100% guaranteed secure. While we employ industry-quality security measures to protect all data, and try to partner ourselves only with companies that employ the same quality of security, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from our Site, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that might receive such information. 

* **Data tracking** **Cookies**   
To assist and customize your interplay with the Site, Royal Coupon uses cookies. A cookie is a small text file containing information about a User that is stored on that User's computer as a record-keeper. We use cookies to save you time when using the Site, and to remind us of who you are. Cookies also facilitate our collection of your Non-Personally Identifying Information, such as which pages on our Site you visited and what links contained therein you clicked on, and whether or not you accessed our Site through a referral link. This information helps us create and maintain a user-friendly experience for all visitors. Cookies may be placed on your computer separately and in addition to ours by any Third-Party Advertising Companies we may use to present advertisements on our Site. Royal Coupon has no access to or control over cookies used by any of its Third-Party Advertising Companies. This Privacy Policy is relevant to the use of cookies by our Site only, and does not account for the use of cookies by any Advertiser. Most browsers automatically accept cookies, however, you may be able to modify your browser settings to refuse cookies. If you refuse or delete our cookies, please be aware that some parts of the Site may not work properly for you. 

**Other data tracking devices**   
In addition to cookies, we may use other standard automations like pixel tags and web beacons to track your use of our Site’s pages and promotions, or we may allow our Third-Party Service Providers to use these automations on our behalf. Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images that may be placed on pages within our Site, or in our emails, that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access a page or open an email that contains pixel tags and web beacons, they create a Non-Personally Identifying record of that action. Pixel tags allow us to measure and understand visitor traffic and behaviour on our Site,measure responses to our promotions, and measure our Site's overall performance. Our Marketing Partners may supply us with pixel tags and web beacons for the same purposes. 

* **Third-party website Privacy Policies** This Privacy Policy only addresses the collection, use, and disclosure of information acquired on www.royalcoupon.com and www.royaldraw.com. Other websites accessible through this Site may have their own privacy policies. If you visit any such website through this Site, we highly recommend you review their privacy policy. Royal Coupon is not liable or responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party linked on our Site. 

**Children**   
Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to use this Site, and children between the ages of 13 and 18 may only use this Site if supervised by a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 13, and we do not aspire to attract Users under the age of 13. 

**Publicly accessible areas**   
Areas may exist on our Site where Users can publicly post information about themselves, post text reviews or other media, or communicate with each other, such as on discussion boards or blogs. The information made public in these areas may be accessible by other consumers and companies, and could appear on other websites or web searches. As such, this information could be read, collected, and used by others. For example, if you post your email address on a discussion board, your email address could be accessible by spammers and other unsolicited message senders. Royal Coupon has no control over who reads your information made public on our Site, or over what others may do with that information. Please use caution when posting any personal information. If you post such information in a publicly accessible are, Royal Coupon is not responsible for any resulting solicitations or contact. If Royal Coupon plans or wishes to publicly post your information, we will first obtain consent from you to do so. Submitting a comment or reply to the blog constitutes an agreement to have any personal information contained within to appear publicly on that forum. 

* **Privacy rights of California residents** The California Online Privacy Protection Act (referred to as the "Act") requires us to provide any California residents who subscribe to Royal Draw and/or Royal Coupon with a summary of their privacy rights under the Act and the California Business and Professions Code. Upon request, we will inform California residents of (1) the categories of Personally Identifying Information we collect and the third parties we share that information with; (2) the names and addresses of those third parties; and (3) examples of the goods or services marketed by those third parties. Furthermore, the Act requires us to allow California residents to control who they do and do not want us to share their personal information with. If you are a California resident and you would like us to send you any of the above-mentioned information entitled to you under the Act, please send an email request to our contact address found below. When contacting us, please provide your name, address, email address, and a description of the Personally Identifying Information you do not want us to share with our Business or Marketing Partners. There is no charge for requesting this information, or for controlling the sharing of your Personally Identifying Information. Please allow up to 30 days for a response. 
* **Contacting Royal Coupon** Whether you are a new customer, existing customer, potential customer, restaurant owner, Merchant, marketer, publisher, media member, or job seeker, we want to hear from you. Please contact us at the following address: 

**Royal Coupon Headquarters Address**   
Royal Coupon Inc.   
160 Confederation Parkway   
Vaughan, Ontario, L4K 4T8   
Email: [info@royalcoupon.com](mailto:info@royalcoupon.com).   
Fax: (905) 760-0094 
