> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zango.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061230121103id_/http%3A//www.zango.com/Destination/Corporate/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Zango Privacy Policy

**Zango Privacy Policy**  
(Last Revised July 7, 2006) 

At Zango, Inc. we are committed to protecting your privacy. The following privacy policy encompasses all of our businesses including the Zango website.

Zango, Inc. and its affiliates (referred to in this privacy policy as "we" or "Zango") are committed to your privacy. This Privacy Policy is designed to explain how Zango collects and uses information, and covers your use of the entire network of Zango's Websites, including Zango.com, ZangoCash.com, Seekmo.com, MetricsDirect.com, 180searchAssistant.com, and Zango.com (the "Zango Websites") and all software licensed to you by Zango (the "Zango Software"), including 180search Assistant, Seekmo Search Assistant, Zango Search Assistant, and Search Toolbar products (collectively, the "Search Assistant Software"). We do not collect, store or use personally identifiable information about you unless you specifically opt to provide us with such information as provided below.

  


**What We Collect and Use**

 **Zango Websites.** By accessing any of the Zango Websites, Zango may place cookies on your hard drive. Zango uses cookies to enable you to sign in to certain services and to help personalize your online experience. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web Server. Some cookies are used only to assist you with your session on Zango Websites – such cookies expire automatically after you terminate your session. Zango also uses cookies to improve the sign-in experience on certain Zango Websites. For example, your user ID may be stored in a cookie that will remain on your computer after you terminate your session. This cookie allows your user ID to be pre-populated, so that you will only need to type your password the next time you sign in. Finally, Zango may place a cookie on your hard disk on behalf of a sponsor when such sponsor’s web page is shown, so that the sponsor can measure the effectiveness of such web page. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies can only be accessed or read by the domain that placed them. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use certain features of Zango Websites that depend on cookies.

In addition, in order to utilize certain services (such as those of MetricsDirect.com and ZangoCash.com) you may be asked to provide certain personal information, such as account information (user name and password), credit card information (card type, account number, expiration date, and billing address), banking information (Swift/ABA routing number, account number, bank name and address), PayPal email, email address, IM user ID, name and company name, tax identification number, and home or work address and telephone number, as well as certain demographic information, including city, state, country and zip code. Zango uses your personal information to deliver the services you have requested and to communicate with you, including certain mandatory service communications such as welcome letters, billing reminders, information on technical service issues, and security announcements. We may also occasionally send you product surveys or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from Zango. All such information is provided voluntarily by you. No such information is utilized by Zango for the purpose of displaying targeted websites or profiling. Zango does not sell, rent or lease such information to third parties.

  


**Zango Messenger and Desktop Tool Software.** In order to use the Zango Messenger and Desktop Tool Software products, you may be asked to provide certain information, such as: 

Messenger Products: IM account information (screen names and passwords), personal information (including your email address, date of birth, gender, and primary language). Desktop Tool Products: Horoscope, zip code, TV service provider, type of service and channel line-up.

All such information is provided voluntarily by you. No such information is utilized by Zango for the purpose of displaying targeted websites or profiling. Zango does not sell, rent or lease such information to third parties.

Some Zango Messenger products may be co-branded and offered in conjunction with another company. If you register for or use such products, both Zango and the other company may receive the information collected in conjunction with the co-branded services. Please refer to that company's privacy policy to determine how that company may use this information.

**Search Assistant Software.** By installing the Search Assistant Software, you grant permission for Zango to periodically collect certain information (key words, including portions of website addresses or URL's, from the websites you visit) and upload this information to our servers so that we may display targeted websites to you while you are connected to the Internet. The Search Assistant Software does not collect, store or use personally identifiable information about you, and Zango does not receive any such information as a result of your use of the Search Assistant Software.

**No Information from Minors.** You must be at least 18 years of age to use the Zango Software. 

**IP Addresses.** Your use of the Zango Software or the Zango Website will involve the transmission of your Internet protocol address ("IP Address") to Zango's servers. This IP Address is necessary for communication with you via the Internet and may be used and stored on our servers. With the cooperation of your Internet service provider, it is possible for your IP Address to be used to identify you personally, however, Zango agrees that it will not use it for this purpose, unless required to by law. We do use IP Addresses to determine the general geographic locations of our users, but this does not involve the collection of any personally identifiable information. 

**Third Party Collection.** The Search Assistant Software will display to you targeted websites and advertisements that are hosted by third parties ("Websites"). These Websites may place cookies on your hard drive and use the cookies to tailor delivery of content to you by profiling your use of a site or advertisements that you select. These Websites may collect information such as your IP address, your browser type and the date and time that the targeted Website was served to you. To learn about how certain of these third parties collect and use information visit [http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/). 

**Disclosure.** Zango may disclose your information as it believes is reasonably necessary to comply with law, regulation or other governmental authority or to prevent harm to yourself or others. Zango may also disclose your information upon a transfer or sale to another entity of all or substantially all of Zango's stock or assets in Zango's line of business to which this Privacy Policy relates or upon any other corporate reorganization. 

**Control of your Personal Information.** Zango offers you choices for the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. You may choose not to receive marketing materials from Zango, and you may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from Zango by following the specific instructions in the e-mail you receive. These communications choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are considered part of certain Zango services, which you may receive periodically unless you cancel the service. You may have the ability to view or edit your personal information, and can either do so through the Zango Websites or by writing to us using our Contact Us form. We will contact you within 30 days regarding your request. 

**Security of your Personal Information.** Zango is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access, which are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number or password) over the Internet, we protect it through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. 

**Linking to Other Sites.** Please note: A link on the Zango Website or from a targeted website delivered by Zango does not imply our endorsement of that website, advertiser or product. We do not control the websites to which we link and assume no responsibility for their content or privacy policies. Any information that you provide to linked websites, or other third parties, is provided directly to such third party and is subject to that third party's privacy policy. Therefore, you should carefully review the privacy policies that apply to any sites you access from our site or any advertisers you respond to. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by Zango. 

**Zango Changes.** Zango reserves the right to change the provisions of this privacy policy at any time. Zango will post those changes on the privacy page of the Zango Website located at [http://www.zango.com/destination/corporate/privacypolicy.aspx](https://web.archive.org/Destination/Corporate/privacypolicy.aspx) so you can be aware of what information we collect and how we use it. Your use of Zango Software following the posting of such changes to the Zango Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of any such changes. We encourage you to review our privacy policy frequently to make sure that you understand how Zango uses and discloses information. 

**Contact Us.** If you have any questions about the Zango Software, our website, company or service, you should first consult our website [http://www.zango.com.](https://web.archive.org/) This site includes links to company information, answers to frequently asked questions, and all of Zango's current policies. If you have further questions or concerns, please contact us at [http://www.zango.com/destination/corporate/contactus.aspx](https://web.archive.org/destination/corporate/contactus.aspx), or write to Zango Support, 3600 136th Place SE, Bellevue, WA 98006. 

  

