> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the i6.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171210162955id_/http%3A//www.i6.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Free Online Games on i6.com Play Free Games

i6.com is committed to protecting your privacy online. To further this commitment,we have adopted an Online Privacy Policy that shows you how we collect, store, and use the information collectedabout you online.

### E-mail and personal information

i6.com does not collect personal information such as name and e-mail address.

### Cookies

i6.com may use cookies to improve the use of our websites. A 'cookie' is a small file that websites often store on a user's computer. Storage of cookies on your system provides an easy and convenient method for us to personalize yourexperience on our websites. For example, cookies allow us to remember your screen name, tell us that you have visited ourwebsite before, and may contain information that will make your next visit to our website more enjoyable. However, we do not use cookies to store personal information such as your name. In addition, i6.com does not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie. You can always disable cookies or set your browser to alert you when cookies are being sent to your computer.

### Questions and Complaints

If you have any questions, complaints or comments regarding our Privacy Policy Statement,please contact us via our contact form. We will always try our best to get back to you within the next 48 hoursof you writing to us.

### Linking to third party sites

i6.com may provide links from our Web sites to third party Web sites and we encourage our users to read third party sites'privacy policies before submitting personal information. All the downloads and Exe files provided on this site are from a 3rd party and i6.com is not responsible for any files or adware that gets installed by their games and screensavers. They contain several adware products so download and install @ your own risk. i6.com resumes NO responsibility. i6.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of the content of third party sites'. i6.com hereby disclaimsany representations or warranties expressed on any site other than its own site.
