> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cummins.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161201171652id_/http%3A//www.cummins.com/website-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Website Privacy Policy | Cummins

Thank you for visiting this website, which is owned and operated by Cummins Inc. This Privacy Policy contains our online privacy and security practices and describes the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.

**Information We Collect**  
You may use our website without providing any information about yourself. However, in order to provide some of our web based services to you or to permit you to enter certain sections of our website, we require you to provide a small amount of personal information. For example, if you want to register a product, submit a question to us, inquire about our products, sign up for one of our programs, purchase items via our online store, apply for a job at one of our offices, or download one of our mobile apps, we must collect some personal information about you. We also provide certain sections of our sites for our suppliers, which allow them to access their Cummins account.Occasionally, we may invite you to participate in a survey or poll such as providing feedback about our site content, services, or products. Your responses will be anonymous unless you choose to provide your contact details so that we can provide you with additional information regarding the survey.The personal information you provide to us through our site varies, based upon the type of service you are requesting. If you choose to register for one of our programs, you always have the option of unsubscribing at any time.

**Sharing Your Information**  
We use the information you provide to us to address your request, process your order, or respond to your questions. We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries, joint ventures, affiliates, authorized distributors and other business partners, to the extent that they are assisting Cummins in fulfilling your request, providing products or services to our customers, or for other marketing purposes on behalf of Cummins. We do not sell or share personal information provided to us with third parties for their own separate use. You always have the right to unsubscribe (opt out) from our marketing programs

**E.U.-U.S. Safe Harbor Certification**  
Cummins Inc. and its U.S. affiliates have certified their compliance with the U.S. Department of Commerce’s U.S.-EU and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks. As such, Cummins Inc. and its U.S. affiliates have committed to uphold the Safe Harbor requirements and principles that are set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce with respect to the collection, use, and retention of human resource personal information pertaining to residents of the European Union member countries and Switzerland. The Safe Harbor Principles are: notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Cummins’ certification, please visit [http://www.export.gov/safeharbor](http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/)If you have questions about Cummins’ Safe Harbor privacy procedures or practices or believe that your information has been mismanaged, you can email us at [law.department@cummins.com](mailto:law.department@cummins.com), or write to us at Cummins Inc., 500 Jackson Street, Columbus, Indiana USA 47201

**Cookies and Other Anonymous Web Tracking Techniques**  
Like most websites, we collect information online through “cookies” and other web analytics. Cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer you are using. They do not identify the person using the computer or otherwise affect the computer, but rather tell us such things as how many users visited our site, the pages accessed, and whether there were any problems or delays in loading pages. By collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our websites to our visitors and ensure that they function properly. Some cookies serve an essential function and the websites cannot work properly without them. Where such essential or strictly necessary cookies are used, they cannot be disabled. Other types of cookies, such those that involve performance or functionality, don’t identify you as an individual but may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site so that you do not need to reset them each time you visit the website. Finally, targeted or advertising cookies help collect information about your browsing habits in order to make advertising relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. You can decline any performance, functionality or targeted/behavioral advertising cookie for this website and other websites by resetting your web browser so that it does not accept these technologies. However, doing so means you may not be able to take full advantage of all our website features. Please see additional information about our practices for using cookies and similar technologies by clicking on our [cookies notice and disclosure statement](http://www.cummins.com/cmi/footerAction.do?url_path=/SiteContent/en/HTML/AboutCummins/Cookies_Website_Notice_and_Disclosure_Statement.html&breadcrumb=Cookies). You can also obtain general information about the use of these technologies by going to [www.aboutcookies.org.Cummins](http://www.aboutcookies.org.cummins/) also offers certain mobile apps to its customers, such as one that permits them to locate the nearest service providers. Signing up for a mobile app is voluntarily, and necessarily requires you to provide some personal information, including information to identify your location.

**Safeguarding Your Information**  
Cummins has put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and organizational measures that are designed to safeguard and secure the information we collect online from loss, misuse, alteration, unauthorized access, or theft. This includes appropriate safeguards for customers making purchases through our sites, as well as those who enroll in our programs.

**Our Commitment to Children's Privacy**  
This website is not intended to collect or maintain any information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we collected any information from anyone under the age of 13, we will purge it immediately, except for responding to a question or inquiry on a one-time basis from the individual.

**Right of Access, Correction, and Objection/Consent**  
We take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information on file with us is accurate and up-to- date. In that regard, we invite you to contact us to update your information if it changes, such as your email address, so that you can continue to receive information from us that you have requested

**Links to Other Websites**  
Our website may contain links to other websites that are not owned or operated by Cummins. You should carefully review the privacy policies and practices of other websites, as we cannot control and are not responsible for privacy policies or practices of third-party websites that are not ours.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**  
As we continue to provide additional services and as the privacy laws and regulations evolve, it may be necessary to revise or update our Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review our Policy periodically so that you remain aware of our practices. We will always use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.

**Contact Us**  
If you have questions about Cummins’ privacy practices, including our Safe Harbor practices, or believe that your information has been mismanaged, you can contact us by emailing us at [law.department@cummins.com](mailto:law.department@cummins.com) , or writing to us at Cummins Inc. Global Headquarters, 500 Jackson Street, Columbus, Indiana USA 47201.
