> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the looksharp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170221030936id_/https%3A//www.looksharp.com/home/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Looksharp

Effective Date: July 1, 2015

Since its inception, InternMatch, Inc., d/b/a Looksharp (“Looksharp” or “We” or “Us”) has valued its Users’ privacy and is committed to maintaining and upholding the privacy of our Users’ personal information. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) describes the ways we collect, store, disclose, use and manage the information, including personal information, that you provide or we collect in connection with www.Looksharp.com (the “Site”), the Looksharp Recruiter Application (the “Application”), any other website or application offered by Looksharp, all associated media, printed or electronic documentation, Updates, and support services, and the recruiting and job-search products and services provided by Looksharp (collectively, the “Services”). Each time you access or visit the Services or provide us with information, you are, by doing so, accepting the practices described in this Policy at that time. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THIS POLICY, DO NOT ACCESS, BROWSE, DOWNLOAD, OR USE THE SERVICES, REGISTER FOR AN ACCOUNT WITH LOOKSHARP, OR CLICK TO INDICATE THAT YOU AGREE WITH THIS POLICY. This Policy is part of and incorporated into the [ Terms of Service ](https://www.looksharp.com/home/terms_of_service) (“Terms”) governing your use of the Services. Parts of the Terms affect this Policy, so be sure to review the Terms prior to using the Service. Capitalized terms not defined herein have the definitions set forth in the Terms. 

This Policy covers our treatment of information that is collected by us or submitted by you in relation to your access to or use of the Services, including personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information. When you access or visit the Services without registering for an Account, you can browse without submitting any personally identifiable information. In order to use certain products or features, however, you may be asked to provide personally identifiable information, such as your name or email address. The Services use services provided by third parties. This Policy does not apply to information collected by third parties. We have no control over, and no responsibility or liability for the third party collection, use, disclosure, or retention of your information and that collection, use, disclosure, and retention is not subject to this Policy. Be sure to review the privacy policies of any third party sites or services you may access. 

You can visit the Services without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself. However, to use certain parts of the Services, we may require you to provide personally identifiable information. Such instances may include: (i) when you register for an account with the Services, (ii) when you complete or edit your profile, (iii) when you use or register for or obtain access to certain products and services that we make available, (iv) when you respond to surveys or questionnaires, or (v) when you enter or sign up for emails, promotions or contests. Due to the nature of some of these activities, we may ask that you complete and submit an online form with personally identifiable information such as your name, company name, username, email address, or other contact information. 

We also automatically collect some information about how you use the Services and the areas of the Services that you visit. This analytics data is used to improve the Services. 

Finally, we may ask you for other information from time to time, which you may choose to provide or not to provide at your sole discretion including career related questions, the quality of our service, or other relevant data. 

## Information Automatically Collected

The Sites automatically collect certain information from users through the use of “cookies” and other tracking mechanisms. Cookies are described in greater detail in this Policy. Information automatically collected may include, but is not limited to: your domain name and host for Internet access; the Internet address of the site from which you came; the date and time you access the Sites; your computer or device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address and information about its operating system, browser and host; and your geographic location. We may use this information for any lawful purpose, including, for example, using your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer the Sites, to help identify you and to gather broad demographic data. 

Similar to other web sites and mobile applications, the Services automatically collect certain information through the use of “cookies” and other tracking mechanisms. This information is stored in log files. We use third party analytics providers, including, for example, Google Analytics, to collect analytics information about the Services. Information automatically collected may include, but is not limited to: your domain name and host for Internet access; the Internet address of the site from which you came; the date and time you access the Services; your computer or device’s Internet Protocol (IP) address and information about its operating system, browser and host; your device type; and your geographic location. We may use this information for any lawful purpose, including, for example, using your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer the Services, to help identify you and to gather broad demographic data. We may also use this information to more efficiently operate our business, to promote our products or services, and to improve the quality of the Services. We do not link analytics information with your personally identifiable information. We or our third party analytics providers may collect analytics information using various mechanisms, including but not limited to: 

_Cookies._ A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a computer for record-keeping purposes. Our third party analytics providers use cookies to record information about your activities in the Services and to “remember” you when you return to the Services. Some cookies remain on your computer until you delete them. Others, like session ID cookies, expire when you close your browser. You may set your browser setting to attempt to reject cookies and you may still use the Services, although some features we provide may not function properly if your browser does not accept cookies from the Services. See the section “Do Not Track Settings” below for more information on how the Services may respond to your browser settings. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. 

_Pixels (aka web beacons/web bugs/javascript)._ Pixels are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that are used to track the online movements of web users. Unlike cookies, which are stored on a computer’s hard drive, pixels are small graphics that are about the size of the period at the end of the sentence that are embedded invisibly on web pages or in HTML-based emails. Our third party analytics providers may place pixels on some parts of the Services. The pixels may track what other websites you visit (both before and after visiting the Services). Our third party analytics providers use information obtained from pixels to help us improve our business and the Services. We do not control the use of pixels by third parties. 

_Embedded Scripts._ An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Services, such as the pages you visit or links you click on. The code is temporarily downloaded onto your device from our server or a third party service provider, is active only while you are connected to the Services, and is deactivated or deleted thereafter. 

_Third Party Analytics Providers_

_Google Analytics_ uses cookies, pixels and other technologies in order to collect demographic and interest-level information and usage information from users that visit the Services, including but not limited to information about the web pages where users enter and exit the Services or the pages users view on the Services, the time spent on each page, and the user’s browser, operating system, and IP address. Cookies and pixels allow Google to recognize a user when they visit the Services and when that user visits other websites. Google uses the information it collects through the Services and other websites to share with us and other website operators information about users including, but not limited to, age range, gender, geographic regions, general interests, and details about devices used to access applications or visit websites. We do not link information we receive from Google with any of your personally identifiable information. For more information regarding Google’s use of cookies, pixels, and its collection and use of information, please review Google’s [ Privacy Policy. ](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/) If you would like to opt out of Google Analytics tracking, please visit the following link: [ Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. ](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)

_Sift Science_ uses cookies, javascript, web beacons and other technologies to collect demographic and device-related information and usage information from users that visit the Services, including, but not limited to information about the device used to access the Services, operating system, the date and time when a user accesses the Services, and information about the web pages where users enter and exit the Services. Sift Science analyzes and processes this information in order to help us prevent, detect and address fraud and other malicious behavior on the Services. 

Because we track usage information through the use of cookies, pixels and other tracking mechanisms, your selection of the “Do Not Track” option provided by your browser may not have any effect on our collection of cookie information. The only way to completely “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser to delete and disable cookies and other tracking/recording tools. However, getting a “Do Not Track” signal to work as you might want is difficult. Using browsers as an example, not all tracking technologies can be controlled by browsers; unique aspects of your browser might be recognizable even if you disable a tracking technology; not all settings will necessarily last or be effective; even if a setting is effective for one purpose, data still may be collected for another; and even if one website observes a “Do Not Track” signal, that web site usually will not be able to control other websites. 

## Information That You Manually Provide

## Information Collected by Your Use of a Social Media Service to Connect to the Service

It is your choice whether to provide personal information to Looksharp. Some information must be provided in order to use certain products or participate in certain services, features, programs or activities, so the decision not to provide information might limit or eliminate certain functions of the Services or the ability to participate. The types of personal information that we tend to request about you includes, but is not limited to: your first and last name, company name, email address, or mailing address. Additionally, Looksharp allows users to create a Looksharp Profile, which allows, but does not require, you to upload profile information (“Profile Information”), including a photograph, personal information of your choosing, your date of birth, location, social media information, company information, or other information. Other users of the Services may see your Profile Information, and your Profile Information may also be indexed by search engines and be accessible by others. There may be other opportunities to provide information on the Services that will be available to other users of the Services; these opportunities require your good judgment. It is your responsibility not to provide personal information about yourself that could be misused by others. Do not provide personal information about others without their permission. 

## Information Collected by Your Use of a Social Media Service to Connect or Login to the Service

You may connect or login to your Looksharp user account using your Facebook, LinkedIn, or other applicable social media account credentials (collectively, “Social Media Service”). We may collect and record information through the Social Media Service in accordance with the policies and terms of that Social Media Service. The information we collect when you connect your user account to a Social Media Service may include: (1) your name, (2) your Social Media Service user identification number and/or user name, (3) locale, city, state and country, (4) sex, (5) birth date, (6) email address, (7) profile picture or its URL, and (8) the Social Media Service user identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to the Services. 

## Invite a Friend

We may offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a Social Media Service (such as your Facebook friends) to join the Services. Such contact information will be used only for the purpose of sending communications to the addressee. You or the third party may contact us to request the removal of this information from our database to the extent we store any of this information. 

Except as described in this Policy, we do not disclose, display or share your personal information to or with third parties without your permission. In general, Looksharp uses personal information it collects to pursue our mission and operations, including the management of the Services and to engage in related activities. We reserve the right, but do not undertake a duty, to notify you of court orders, subpoenas or other legal process if allowed. If you do not want us to respond to legal process compelling us to disclose your information, you need to seek a valid order permitting us to refuse to disclose it and serve the order on us at least three (3) business days before the response deadline. 

We reserve the right to use, disclose, retain, share, or otherwise deal with all information collected through the Services internally or to disclose the information to third parties for the following purposes: 

  * to allow you to create an account and profile;
  * to enable you to provide feedback, to contact us and for us to respond to you;
  * to provide information about you and your potential interest in job postings to employer customers; 
  * to provide products and services to employer customers to complete the recruitment and hiring process, such as accessing the searchable resume database or storing information collected at career fairs; 
  * to communicate with you regarding your use of the Services or to advise you of changes to the Services or other events or occurrences which may affect your access to or use of the Services; 
  * to compile information and statistics surrounding internships
  * to administer sweepstakes, contests, surveys, questionnaires, polling activities and other similar events and activities that you choose to participate in; 
  * to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; 
  * to prevent fraud or other illegal activity, to prevent imminent bodily harm, or to protect ourselves and you from people violating our Terms of Service, which may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers, courts or other government entities; and 
  * for other purposes specifically communicated to you when we collect the information. 



If you choose to publish your profile, upload or create a resume or any other document containing personal information so that employers can find you in the Looksharp database, your personal profile information and resume will be searchable by and accessible to employers who have access to those databases. Your profile may also be indexed by internet search engines such as Google or Bing and be accessible to others who are not users of the Services. If you do not want this information to be publicly available, please do not publish your profile. Please note that any resumes uploaded to the Services MUST NOT contain any sensitive data relating to your (i) racial or ethnic origin; (ii) political beliefs; (iii) philosophical or religious beliefs; (iv) membership in a trade union or political party; (v) physical or mental health or genetic makeup; (vi) addictions or sexual activities or habits; (vii) the commission of crimes or legal proceedings and associated penalties or fines; or (viii) any Social Security Number or state or national identification number. In addition, if you provide us with details of a professional reference, it is your responsibility to ensure that the person is aware that you have provided us with his or her details and the professional reference has consented in writing for you to do so. 

While we endeavor to restrict access to these databases to eligible employers, we cannot guarantee that other parties will not, without our consent, gain access to these databases as well. Within your profile, under the Settings tab, you can make your resume and other information private from our database at any time. You can also contact us to remove your entire account and profile at any time. However, employers and recruiters who have access to these databases, and other parties who have otherwise gained access to these databases may have retained a copy of your profile or resume in their own files or databases. We are not responsible for the retention, use or privacy of resumes in these instances, or for the use or privacy of resumes or other personal information of Users by any of such parties. 

With your permission, we may use your e-mail address and other contact information to send you articles, profiles, industry news and other career related information, as well as to notify you of special promotions or additional products and services offered by us or our business partners and advertisers that may be of interest to you. You have the ability to opt-out of these types of communications both in your profile and in every individual email we send you. 

We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads in the Services. These companies may use information (not including your name, street address, email or telephone number) about your visits to or use of the Services and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. 

On occasion we may employ third party companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include hosting our web servers, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. These third party companies will have access to your personal information as necessary to perform their functions, but they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide services to us. 

From time to time, we may also disclose personally identifiable information to fulfill certain legal and regulatory requirements or if we believe, in good faith, that such disclosure is legally required or necessary to protect others' rights or to prevent or mitigate harm. We may also disclose and transfer such information to a third party who acquires all or a substantial portion of our business, whether such acquisition is by merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, if Looksharp becomes the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, Looksharp or its trustee in bankruptcy may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the bankruptcy court. 

You should be aware that by voluntarily providing, displaying or distributing personal information (such as your e-mail address) to others (whether in chat rooms, at career fairs, on message boards or discussion forums, by posting internships, responding to employers’ messages or otherwise), your information can be collected and used by others. This may result in unsolicited messages from third parties, for which we are not responsible. 

At any time you may access your personally identifiable information that we collect and maintain in the Services by visiting your Dashboard and the Settings tab after logging into your account. From here you can review, correct, or delete your personal information at any time. 

Your use of the Services is governed by the Looksharp Terms of Service (“Terms”), available at [https://www.looksharp.com/home/terms_of_service.](https://www.looksharp.com/home/terms_of_service) The Terms contain important provisions, including provisions disclaiming, limiting, or excluding the liability of Looksharp for your use of the Services and provisions determining the applicable law and exclusive jurisdiction for the resolution of any disputes regarding your use of the Services. Each of those provisions applies to any disputes that may arise in relation to this Policy and the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information and are of the same force and effect as if they had been reproduced directly in this Policy. 

Keeping secure the personal information that we collect is of great concern to us. We exercise care in providing secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers in connection with the Services. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect. Looksharp will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information. 

Looksharp will store all the personal information you provide on its secure servers. While Looksharp has mechanisms in place to safeguard your personal information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. 

Identity theft and the practice known as "phishing" are of great concern to Looksharp. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your account ID, login password, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. 

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 as permitted by law. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personal information without their consent, he or she should contact us at: Looksharp 425 2nd St, Suite 201 San Francisco, CA 94107 or by email at [ info@looksharp.com ](mailto:info@looksharp.com) We will remove that information immediately and delete it from our servers. 

_California Minors._ If you are a California resident under age 18 and you are unable to remove publicly-available User Content that you have submitted to the Services, you may request removal by contacting us at Looksharp 425 2nd St, Suite 201 San Francisco, CA 94107 or by email at [ info@looksharp.com. ](mailto:info@looksharp.com) When requesting removal, you must be specific about the information or User Content you want removed and provide us with specific information, such as the URL for each page where the information is located, so that we can find it. We are not required to remove any User Content or information that: (i) federal or state law requires us or a third party to maintain; (ii) was not posted by you; (iii) we anonymize so that you cannot be identified; or if you don’t follow our instructions for removing or requesting removal or you received compensation or other consideration for providing the User Content or information. REMOVAL OF YOUR USER CONTENT OR INFORMATION FROM THE SERVICES DOES NOT ENSURE COMPLETE OR COMPREHENSIVE REMOVAL OF THAT USER CONTENT OR INFORMATION FROM OUR SYSTEMS OR THE SYSTEMS OF OUR THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS. We are not required to delete the User Content or information posted by you; our obligations under California law are satisfied so long as we anonymize the User Content or information or render it invisible to other users and the public. 

The following section of this Policy is only applicable to Looksharp users who are also residents of California. 

Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, any resident of the state of California who has provided personal information to a business with whom he or she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes ("California Customer") is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed their personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California Customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed. 

However, under applicable state law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy) a policy of not disclosing California Customer’s personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the California Customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personal information and providing a cost free means to exercise that right. 

As stated above, we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure. If you do ask us to share your information with a third party for its marketing purposes, we will only share information in connection with that specific promotion, as we do not share information with any third party on a continual basis. To prevent disclosure of your personal information for use in direct marketing by a third party, do not opt-in to such use when you provide personally identifiable information to the Services. Please note that whenever you opt-in to receive future communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy. If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information. You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information. 

California customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing [ info@looksharp.com. ](mailto:info@looksharp.com) Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address. 

Looksharp may update this Policy by posting a new version on this page. You should check this page frequently to ensure you are familiar with any changes to this Policy. We reserve the right to change, amend, or modify this Policy at any time by posting the revised Policy on this page. Information will be handled according to the Policy in effect at the time the information is used. Your continued use of the Services following the posting of changes to this Policy will mean you accept those changes. If you do not intend to accept this Policy, please do not use the Services. 

If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or privacy issues relating to the Sites, you may contact us at: 

Looksharp   
425 2nd St   
Suite 201   
San Francisco, CA 94107 

**or**

[info@looksharp.com](mailto:info@looksharp.com)
