> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lookeen.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150602001505id_/http%3A//www.lookeen.com/service/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Website Privacy Policy | Lookeen Desktop Search

**(1)** Axonic aims to respect and protect your privacy. We have generally designed our websites so that you can visit the website without being personally identifiable and without any personal information about you being disclosed. If you decide to disclose personal information to us, we undertake to treat it with great care.

 **(2)** The term ‘personal data’ refers to items of information which can give indications as to the identity or private matters of an individual. It includes the person’s correct name, address, telephone number and e-mail address. Based on the above definition, it does not include information which does not give indications as to the identity or private matters of an individual, such as the number of visitors to a website.

 **(3)** The information provided by the owner of the Website is normally freely accessible. No personal registration is required. Personal information is gathered where necessary in order to perform relevant services. This is the case, for example, if you subscribe online to the newsletter, or if you request information material or obtain test software. We only use your personal data to enable us to provide you with the services you request.

 **(4)** Axonic will treat your personal data in strict confidence, and as a matter of principle will not disclose it to third parties (except for partners of Axonic).

 **(5)** When you disclose your personal data to us, you thereby give your consent for us to store and use it within the constraints of the German Federal Data Protection Act (Bundesdatenschutzgesetz). The personal information you provide is accessible only to Axonic and to its partners where appropriate. You can cancel your subscription to our e-mail newsletter, or withdraw your consent for us to store and use your personal data, at any time.

 **(6)** Axonic reserves the right to change this Data Protection Statement at any time within the constraints of the applicable law.

 **(7)** This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. If you wish to prevent your access to the Axonic website being evaluated by one of these services, you can stop cookies being deposited and/or JavaScript operating by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.  
You can prevent data related to your use of the Website and generated by the cookie (including your IP address) from being transferred to and processed by Google, by downloading and installing the following browser add-on available here: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.  
If you use a mobile device, you can, as an alternative to installing the above browser add-on, prevent the collection of data by Google Analytics, by clicking on the link below. An opt-out cookie will then be installed to prevent any future collection of your data when you visit this Website: Click [here](https://web.archive.org/%22javascript:gaOptout\(\)/%22) to opt-out of Google Analytics. Note: If you clear your cookies, you will need to add your opt-out cookie again.  
You can find additional information about Google Analytics here (German): http://www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/partners/.

 **(8)** When collecting and reproducing information using the Google +1 button, you can publish information worldwide. Google +1 functionality allows you and other users to receive personalized content from both Google and our partners. If you activate the +1 button for Internet content, Google saves information about both the content that you wish to share, and also information about the Web site from which the content originates. Consequently, your +1 data, profile name and your photograph from Google services, can appear as tips or recommendations in search results or in your Google profile, or even in other places on Web sites or as Internet advertisements.

 **(9)** Our website uses social plugins (“Plugins”) provided by the social network facebook.com, operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA (“Facebook”). The plugins are identifiable by a Facebook logo (white letter f on blue background or a thumb up icon) or the notice “Facebook Social Plugin”. For a full list of all social Plugins please see http://developers.facebook.com/plugins. When you visit a page of our website that contains a social plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to Facebook servers. Facebook directly transfers the plugin content to your browser which embeds the latter into the website, enabling Facebook to receive information about your having accessed the respective page of our website. Thus we have no influence on the data gathered by the plugin and inform you according to our state of knowledge: The embedded plugins provide Facebook with the information that you have accessed the corresponding page of our website. If you are logged into Facebook, your visit can be assigned to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins, for example by clicking “Like”, or entering a comment, the corresponding information is transmitted from your browser directly to Facebook and stored by it. Even if you are not logged into Facebook, there is possibility that the plugins transmit your IP-address to Facebook. For the information on the purpose and scope of data collection and how Facebook uses it, as well as your rights in this respect and settings options for protecting your privacy, please visit Facebook’s privacy policy at www.facebook.com/policy.php. If you are a Facebook member and do not want Facebook to connect the data concerning your visit to our website with your member data already stored by Facebook, please log off Facebook before entering our website.

 **(10)** Our Web sites use embedded functionality from Twitter. For more information, you can contact Twitter directly: Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. By using both the Twitter and the “retweet” service, all of the Web sites you have visited are automatically linked to your Twitter account and shared with other users. In the process, data is transferred to Twitter. We would like to inform you that as site hosts ourselves, we receive neither transferred data, nor information on data usage from Twitter. You can read more about this in Twitter’s Privacy Policy at: http://twitter.com/privacy. You can change your Twitter privacy settings at any time in your account settings at: http://twitter.com/account/settings.

 **(11)** All information given on any website published by Axonic is provided without guarantee. We cannot guarantee that data is complete and up-to-date at all times. Be advised that the websites may contain technical inaccuracies or typographical errors.

 **(12)** We reserve the right to change or update the information given on the website at any time without prior notification. Axonic can under no circumstances be made liable to you or to third parties for any direct, indirect, specific or miscellaneous loss consequential to use of this website or any website linked to it. Any liability for loss of profit, loss of production or loss of computer programs or other data held in your information systems is likewise excluded. This also applies where we are expressly advised of the possibility of such loss.

 **(13)** Websites published by Axonic my contain links to other websites which may be of interest to you. Axonic can under no circumstances be made liable to you or to third parties for any direct, indirect, specific or miscellaneous loss consequential to use of this website or any linked to it.
