> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lookery.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110518081636id_/http%3A//www.performable.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Performable Privacy Policy

1\. OVERVIEW
This privacy policy describes how Performable, Inc. maintains, uses and shares information that it may collect when you use our website and services.
We may change this privacy policy from time to time. Any such changes will be posted here. If we make a material change in the way we use your personal information, we will prominently note the change on Performable.com (the “Site”).
We do not collect, use, or disclose any information about users of our Site and services except as described in this Privacy Policy.
Performable has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe's program requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy_seals_and_services/consumer_privacy/privacy-programs-requirements.html) including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at privacy@performable.com. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact [TRUSTe here](http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint).  
[](http://privacy-policy.truste.com/click-with-confidence/wps/en/www.performable.com/seal_m "TRUSTe online privacy certification") 
2\. HOW WE COLLECT AND USE INFORMATION
Some of the information we collect when you use the Site or our services, such as your name, company name, postal address, email address, credit card number, website URL or telephone number, may allow you to be identified ("Personal Information").
Registration: When you register on the Site, such as to subscribe to one of our services or request further information, you will be asked to provide certain Personal Information, which we use to fulfill your request. 
Surveys: We may ask you to complete surveys or opinion polls from time to time. Participation is voluntary. We only use the information that we collect from surveys in an aggregate manner, not in individually identifiable form.
Inquiries: If you send us a comment or question or make an inquiry to customer support, we will retain the information that you provide to us for the purpose of responding to you, as well as for improving the Site and our customers’ use of our services.
Visitors: If you are just visiting the Site and not registering for a service, requesting information or contacting us, we do not ordinarily collect any Personal Information about you except through web logs, as described below. In that case, we obtain the information that you provide and will use it to respond to your inquiry or request. We do not share any of this information with anyone else, except to respond to your request, if you consent, or as otherwise described in this privacy policy.
Web Logs: We maintain web logs that automatically record basic information about everyone who visits the Site. We use web log information to help us design our website, to identify popular features, to improve our services, and for other managerial and analytic purposes. We may also use web logs to help identify any person who may be misusing the Site or our services.
These logs contain:

  * The Internet domain from which you access the Site.
  * Your IP address.
  * The type of browser and operating system that you use.
  * The date and time you visited the Site.
  * The pages that you visited on the Site.
  * The address of the website you linked from to get to the Site.

Cookies: We use cookies, web beacons and/or similar technologies to help you navigate the Site, to allow us to learn how you use the Site, and to improve the Site. Cookies are text files we place in your computer's browser to store your preferences. Cookies, by themselves, do not reveal any Personal Information unless you choose to provide this information to us by, for example, registering at our Site. However, once you choose to provide Personal Information to the Site, this information may be linked to the data stored in the cookie. If you decide not to permit cookies on your computer, this may affect your ability to use the Site.
Third Party Cookies: The use of cookies by our partners and service providers is not covered by our privacy statement. We do not have access or control over these cookies. From time-to-time, Performable engages third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit the Company’s Web sites. Performable may also use other third-party cookies to track the performance of Company advertisements. The information provided to third parties does not include personal information, but this information may be re-associated with personal information after the Company receives it. 

Performable also contracts with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other Web Site Navigational Information on the Company’s Web sites and emails and on third-party Web sites. Ad networks follow your online activities over time by collecting Web Site Navigational Information through automated means, including through the use of cookies. They use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests. You may see these advertisements on other Web sites. This process also helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts. To learn more about these and other advertising networks and their opt-out instructions, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).


Web Beacons: Performable uses Web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about Customers and Visitors’ usage of the Company’s Web sites and interaction with emails from the Company. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular Web site tied to the Web beacon, and a description of a Web site tied to the Web beacon. For example, Performable may place Web beacons in marketing emails that notify the Company when you click on a link in the email that directs you to one of the Company’s Web sites. Performable uses Web beacons to operate and improve the Company’s Web sites and email communications. 

Performable may use information from Web beacons in combination with Data About Performable Customers to provide you with information about the Company and the Services.


ForumsOur Web site offers publicly accessible community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
Links to Other Web SitesOur Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Performable, Inc. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.
Your Content: When you use our Marketing CMS platform to create web pages, forms and widgets we will collect information on your behalf related to visitors’ use of that content. You will help specify what information is collected there. That information belongs to you. We will only keep this information in individually identifiable form while your service is active, and will only use it to provide you with our services. We may, however, need to disclose this information to a third party service provider to facilitate providing you with our services, or if required for legal reasons, as described below. You must ensure that your privacy policy permits collection, disclosure and use of Personal Information on the content that you create in a manner consistent with your use of Performable’s services.
Communicating with You. We may use your Personal Information for the purpose of communicating with you and responding to your inquiries. Those communications could, for example, take the form of service updates, promotions for products or services that we or one of our marketing partners provide, or e-newsletters.
Service Providers: We may at times contract with third party service providers to perform functions for us. These service providers may be given access to the information we collect for the purpose of performing those functions, but they will be contractually bound to maintain the confidentiality of the information and not to use it for any other purpose. We use Live Chat to assist you if you have questions while using our site.
Business Transfers: If we were to transfer all or substantially all of our assets to another company, one of the assets we would likely include in the transfer is our database of Personal Information.
Disclosures for Legal Reasons: We will disclose Personal Information when we are required to do so by law, regulation or securities exchange requirement, for example, in response to a court order or subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request or when we believe such disclosure is appropriate to protect our legal rights or to safeguard anyone’s property or safety.
3\. YOUR PRIVACY CHOICES
If you would like us to stop sending you email or other communications or would like to access your registration information to correct or delete it, you may send us a request at [privacy@performable.com](mailto:privacy@performable.com). We will endeavor to satisfy such requests within a reasonable time. Note that we may not be able to provide you with our services if we delete your information. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the information we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and current.
4\. SECURITY
We maintain all Personal Information with physical, electronic, and managerial safeguards to help ensure the security and confidentiality of the data against reasonably foreseeable risks. Security is designed to prevent unauthorized use, access, disclosure, destruction, and changes of data. For example, we restrict access to our computing facilities to individuals identified by management as needing access to perform their jobs. 

The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number, national ID, personal health information) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).


5\. CHILDREN
The Site is intended for use by adults. We do not target, or knowingly collect any Personal Information from, children under the age of 13.
6\. SAFE HARBOR
Performable complies with the privacy principles of the Safe Harbor Framework regarding the collection, use and retention of personal information from the European Union and is in the process of certifying its compliance with the U.S. Department of Commerce.
7\. ACCOUNTABILITY
We are committed to adhering to our privacy policy and applicable laws and to making your online experience secure and valuable. If you have a question, request, complaint, dispute or concern related to this privacy policy, you may send a message by email to [privacy@performable.com](mailto:privacy@performable.com) or write to us at: Performable, Inc., 486 Green Street, Cambridge, MA 02139. We will work with you to obtain a prompt resolution of any issues you may have.

