> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the looppng.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151230232037id_/http%3A//www.looppng.com/content/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Loop PNG

**Non-Personally Identifiable Information**  
We, our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, and partners may collect various types of information that are anonymous, de-identified or otherwise not intended to personally identify you ("Non-Personally Identifiable Information") when you visit any of our Sites. A representative, non-exhaustive list of the types of Non-Personally Identifiable Information collected may include: network or Internet protocol address and type of browser you are using (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Internet Explorer), the type of operating system you are using, (e.g., Microsoft Windows or Mac OS), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., Digicel, or  LIME, AT&T), mobile network, device identifiers, advertising identifiers, the web pages you have visited, the type of handheld or mobile device used to view the Site (e.g., iPhone, Blackberry), general location information (e.g., city, county, and/or state), the content and advertisements you have accessed, seen, forwarded and/or clicked on.  
 **Geo-location Information**  
If you are accessing a Trend Media Site from a mobile device or through a mobile application, you may be asked to share your geo-location information with us so we can customize your experience on our Sites. If you agree to such collection, you will be able to turn off such data collection at any time by accessing the privacy settings of your mobile device and/or through the settings in the applicable mobile application.  
 **Information from Social Networks and Platforms**  
You also can engage with our content, such as video, games, applications, and other offerings, on or through third-party platforms and social networking sites, such as Facebook, or other third-party social media plug-ins and applications. When you engage with our content on or through third party social networking sites, plug-ins or applications, you may allow us to have access to certain personally identifiable information and non-personally Identifiable Information from your social media profile (e.g., name, e-mail address, photo, gender, birthday, location, user files like photos and videos, your list of friends, people you follow and/or who follow you, the posts or the 'likes' you make, etc.) to deliver the content or as part of the operation of the Site. We may also obtain non-personally identifiable Information (e.g., content viewed, game performance, high scores, and information about advertisements within the content you have been shown or may have clicked on through third-party platforms) from your interaction with our content.  
Through some social networking sites' privacy settings, you can control what information you share. For a description on how social networking sites handle your information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use.  
 **How We Use the Information**  
We may use the Information you provide about yourself to fulfill your requests for our products, programs, and services, to respond to your inquiries about our offerings, to offer you other products, programs or services that we believe may be of interest to you, to enforce the legal terms that govern your use of our Sites, and/or for the purposes for which you provided the information.  
We sometimes use this information to communicate with you, such as to notify you when you have won one of our contests, to fulfill a request by you for an online newsletter or notification, or to contact you about your account with us.  
We use the information that you provide about others to enable us to send them your gifts or cards or emails you may wish to send them from our Sites, and for such other purposes as may be stated at the point where the information is collected.  
The information we collect in connection with our online forums and communities is used to provide an interactive experience. We use this information to facilitate participation in these online forums and communities and, from time to time, to offer you products, programs, services or customized experiences.  
If you choose to submit content for publication (e.g., a letter to our editors, comments to our postings, a posting to a blog or a discussion board, a video, photo), we may publish your screen name and other information you have provided to us. We may on occasion combine information we collect through our Sites with information that we collect from other sources. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if you register and create a profile with our Site, the screen name you select as well as other content you submit to your profile (e.g., photos, comments, video, reviews) will be displayed publicly on the Site and may be reused and redistributed by us in our sole discretion.  
We, and our affiliates, our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, or our partners use the Non-Personally Identifiable information that is collected to improve the design and content of our Sites, to deliver more relevant marketing messages and advertisements, to enable us to personalize your Internet experience, and to perform analytics. We also may use this information to analyze usage of our Sites or content, as well as to offer you products, programs, or services.  
When you provide information from your social media account, it can help enable us to do things like (1) give you exclusive content, (2) personalize your online experience with us within and outside our Sites, (3) contact you through the social networking sites or directly by sending you the latest news, special offerings, and rewards, and (4) enable you to share your experience and content via social networking sites. By doing so, you consent to the use of this information in accordance with our privacy statement. When you provide personally identifiable information to us through an application, on our Sites, or on social networking sites, it may be publicly viewed by other members of these sites and we cannot prevent further use of the information by third parties.  
 **Information Sharing and Disclosure**  
We may disclose information we have collected from you or the device used to access the Sites in response to legal process, for example, in response to a court order or a subpoena. We also may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency's request, or where we believe in our sole discretion it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of our terms of use, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Sites and applicable laws or as otherwise required or permitted by law or consistent with legal requirements.  
In addition, we may transfer information if we, or one of our business units, are acquired by, sold to, merged with or otherwise transferred to another entity.  
Our agents and contractors who have access to personally identifiable information are required to protect this personally identifiable information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy statement and are not authorized to use the personally identifiable information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us.  
We may disclose personally identifiable information and/or non-personally identifiable Information to third parties whose practices are not covered by this privacy statement. For example, we may share such personally identifiable information we collect with our affiliates  to provide, improve and communicate with you about their own products and services.   
We may also share such information with unaffiliated business partners and third parties (e.g., other marketers, magazine publishers, retailers, participatory databases, and non-profit organizations) that want to market products or services to you.   
If you have signed up to receive our e-mails and prefer not to receive marketing information from this Site, follow the "unsubscribe" instructions provided on any marketing e-mail you receive from this Site. If you have signed up to receive text messages from us and no longer wish to receive such messages, you may follow the instructions to stop the delivery of such messages, which may include by replying "STOP" to the received text message.  
The Sites covered by this privacy statement may offer content (e.g., contests, sweepstakes, promotions, games, applications, or social network integrations) that is sponsored by or co-branded with identified third parties. By virtue of these relationships, the third parties may obtain personally identifiable information that visitors voluntarily submit to participate in the Site activity. We have no control over these third parties' use of this information.  
To provide visitors with additional or more relevant product and service opportunities, to improve and personalize the Sites and to perform analytics, and for the additional uses discussed in this privacy statement, we may share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with our affiliates, third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, or our partners.  
Cookies, Web Beacons, Analytics and Advertising  
To enhance your online experience, we use "cookies" or similar technologies. Cookies are text files placed in your computer's browser to store your preferences.  
We use cookies to understand Site and Internet usage and to improve or customize the content, offerings or advertisements on our Sites. For example, we may use cookies to personalize your experience at our Sites (e.g., to recognize you by name when you return to a Site), save your password in password-protected areas, and enable you to use shopping carts on our Sites. We also may use cookies to help us offer you products, programs, or services that may be of interest to you and to deliver relevant advertising.  
We, our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, or our partners also may use cookies to manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through our network and/or other networks or Sites. This also helps us, our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising.  
The Adobe Flash Player is a powerful application and web tool that allows rapid development of highly dynamic content. Sites on our network employ locally stored objects (sometimes referred to as "Flash cookies") in certain situations where we use Flash to provide special content such as video streaming, video on demand, video clips or animation. Flash (and similar applications) use this technology to remember settings, preferences and usage similar to browser cookies but Flash cookies are not managed through your web browser.   
We, our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies or our partners may also use "web beacons" or clear .gifs, or similar technologies, which are small pieces of code placed on a Site or in an email, to monitor the behavior and collect data about the visitors viewing a Site or email. For example, web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that Site. Web beacons may also be used to provide information on the effectiveness of our email campaigns (e.g., open rates, clicks, forwards, etc.).  
 **How We Respond to Do Not Track Signals**  
At this time our Sites do not recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "do not track" instructions. However, you can change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser. You may set your browser to accept all cookies, block certain cookies, require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser, or block all cookies. Blocking all cookies will affect your online experience and may prevent you from enjoying the full features offered at our Sites.  
 **Analytics**  
We also use the services of reputable third parties to provide us with data collection, reporting, ad response measurement, and website and mobile application analytics, as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. These third parties may view, edit or set their own cookies. We, our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies and/or partners may also place web beacons or similar technologies for these third parties. The use of these technologies by these third parties is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by this privacy statement.  
 **Ad Choices**  
Our goal is to provide you with ads that are relevant to you. Advertising enables us to provide the rich content for which are Sites are known. Often our ads are based on the content of pages you are viewing, but we also provide ads tailored to your interests. Our hope is that by presenting ads tailored to your interests, we will enhance your experience across our diverse Sites. As part of this process we, and our affiliates, our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, or our partners may collect information about your online activities across our sites and other sites, and supplement such information with information from third parties, in an effort to make inferences about your interests and deliver to you advertisements targeted to those interests.  
Mobile Device Advertising and Tracking  
We, our third party service providers, advertisers, advertising networks and platforms, agencies, or our partners may also be collecting identifiers designed to enable advertising on your mobile device. However, depending on your device, you may be able to reset your mobile device's advertising identifier at any time by accessing the privacy settings on your mobile device. In addition, when using a mobile application you may receive tailored in-application advertisements. Each operating system, iOS for Apple phones, Android for Android devices and Windows for Microsoft devices, provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. You may review the support materials and/or the privacy settings for the respective operating systems in order to opt-out of tailored in-application advertisements. For any other devices and/or operating systems, please visit the privacy settings for the applicable device or contact the applicable platform operator.  
 **Linked Sites**  
Some of our Sites contain links to or integrations with other sites such as Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, etc., whose information practices may be different than ours. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.  
 **International Transfer**  
We operate globally so it is necessary to transfer your information internationally. In particular, your information will likely be transferred to and processed in the United States where many of our central databases operate. The data protection and other laws of other countries, such as the United States, may not be as comprehensive as those in your country. Please be assured that we take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using this Site you consent to your information being collected, used and transferred as set forth in this privacy statement.  
 **Our Commitment to Security**  
We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, to maintain data security, and to use correctly the information we collect online. These safeguards vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect and store.  
Although we take appropriate measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of information, we cannot assure you that personally identifiable information that we collect will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy statement.  
 **Updates & Effective Date**  
From time to time, we may update this privacy statement. We will notify you about material changes in the way we treat personally identifiable information by sending an email message to the email address you most recently provided to us or by prominently posting a notice on our Site. We encourage you to periodically check back and review this statement so that you always will know what information we collect, how we use it, and with whom we share it.  
The Privacy Statement was updated on 14 November, 2014.

  * 273 reads


