> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mitchellandness.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-04-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050403233124id_/http%3A//www.mitchellandness.com/11PrivacyStatement.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Mitchell & Ness Nostalgia Co.

  
Privacy Statement  
Mitchell & Ness, a Philadelphia company established in 1904, is an apparel manufacturer and retailer, offering consumers a broad spectrum of licensed apparel from the NFL, NBA, NHL and AFL, in addition to non-licensed active wear.   
General   
You can visit and enjoy our website without disclosing any personally identifiable information (PII) about yourself. However, there are opportunities for you to share with us certain PII about yourself. The PII we collect may include, but is not limited to, first and last name, street address, e-mail address, telephone number (e.g., home, work, mobile and/or fax), and birthdate. We may also collect other PII that will be identified on the applicable page(s) of the Website. If you submit any PII to us, you can be assured that we will not sell, lease, or share your personal information with or to anyone else, except as follows: (1) to our third party service providers, and only so that they may help us provide the services you've requested and in certain circumstances to provide you with ticket related offers; and (2) on occasion, we may offer a special promotion on the Website in conjunction with a third party service provider, advertiser, sponsor or promotional partner, and share your information with that sponsor or promotional partner so that it can send you other special promotions it offers, but only if you give us permission to do so.   
_Special Offers and Promotions._ With your permission, we may also send you e-mails with special offers and promotions. If you don't want to receive these, you may change your preferences.  
_Information Automatically Collected._ We use automatic methods such as cookies (small amounts of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a Website's computers and stored on your computer's hard drive) and single-pixel GIF images alone or in combination with personally identifiable information you choose to provide us, to make our Website work better, to understand Website usage and trends, deliver a more personalized experience and to improve our content and offerings. Examples of the information we collect and analyze using such methods include, without limitation, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; e-mail address; login name and password; type and version, operating system, and platform; purchase history, which we may aggregate with similar information from other customers; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, on, and from our Website, including date and time; cookie information; products you viewed or searched for; and your purchase history. We may also use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page. We may use also to enable you to use a "shopping cart" if you want to purchase goods or services while on our Website, and to offer you products, programs, or services based on purchase and Website usage behavior that you and/or other customers have exhibited. If you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to accept or reject cookies. If you set your browser not to accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of certain services on our Website. We do not transfer cookies associated with our Website to any other company, nor do we authorize any other company to access the cookies we have placed on your computer's hard drive. We may allow other companies that are presenting advertisements or providing services on our pages to set and access cookies on your computer. Those companies' use of cookies will be covered by their own privacy policies, not ours. We do not install any spyware or adware in connection with our Website, or distribute any commercial message, or authorize any third party to distribute any commercial message, by means of spyware or adware. "Spyware" or "adware" is any software which has been downloaded to and/or installed on an Internet user's computer, without the user's actual consent, and facilitates the distribution of any commercial message to the user. If you feel you may have spyware from another company installed on your machine, there are various anti-spyware/adware software applications available on the Internet to identify if this has occurred. From time to time, we may use a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit certain pages of our Website. This company may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to our Website in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.   
_Aggregated Demographic Information._ We may share aggregated demographic information with third parties, but this information is not linked to any personal information that can identify you or another individual person. Therefore, no personal information is disclosed in this manner.   
_Business Transfers._ As time passes, Mitchell & Ness, Inc. may be sold along with its assets, or other transactions may occur in which customer information is one of the business assets transferred. In such a case, the customer information which we have gathered may be one of the business assets we transfer.   
_Disclosure for Legal Purposes._ The law requires that we may be required to share your personal information and non-personal information (see "Cookies" section above for examples of non-personal information) pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas, warrants or orders. If we are required to do so, we will, of course, obey the law. In addition, notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to use and disclose share your personal and non-personal information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of this Website's Terms of Use, or as otherwise required by law.   
Our Security Practices   
Your preferences are password protected for your privacy and security. In certain areas, we use industry-standard SSL encryption to protect data transmissions.   
How You Can Review Your Personal Information   
If you want to review or revise the personal information you provided during registration on the Website, and whether you want to receive communications from us, you can call MitchellandNess.com Customer Service at 267-765-0663. If you want to close your account with us and have us delete the PII in it (except for information that we keep for record-keeping purposes), you should contact MitchellandNess.com Customer Service at 267-765-0663.   
Links   
Our Website contains links to other sites produced by Mitchell & Ness and websites operated by unrelated third parties. Please note that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of third party websites. We encourage you to be aware of this when your leave our Website and to read the privacy policies of every website that collects PII from you. This Privacy Policy applies only to this Website.   
Special Rules For Children   
Because of federal law, we cannot collect any personal information from a child under the age of thirteen without the consent of that child's parent. The statements in this Privacy Policy generally about our collection and use of PII also apply to our treatment of PII from children under the age of thirteen, with the added protection of the special rules that follow.  
Parental Consent   
Some services on the Website require the submission of a credit card number along with PII, and are therefore not available to children. For services that are unavailable to children under the age of thirteen, the child’s parent must process the transaction.   
Contact Us   
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us at: Mitchell & Ness, Inc. Privacy Administrator 121 S. Broad Street 4th Floor Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19107 Phone: (267) 765-0663 Or send an e-mail to info@mitchellandness.com   
Notification of Changes   
If we decide to make an important change to our Privacy Policy, we will post a notification and link on our homepage so that you can review the updated policy.   
LAST UPDATED AND EFFECTIVE DATE: February 1, 2005
