> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the upi.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130518082727id_/http%3A//about.upi.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# About United Press International | About UPI

[Home](http://about.upi.com/) » Miscellaneous » **Privacy Policy**

United Press International (also referred to herein as "UPI") recognizes the importance of protecting the information it collects from users in the operation of UPI.com, email newsletters, and other activities.  As such, United Press International takes reasonable steps to maintain the security, integrity and privacy of this information. 

To enhance the user experience, United Press International may ask you for information such as your name, e-mail address, year of birth, gender, zip code, country, street address, and other information that identifies a particular individual. You agree and understand that UPI may use such information in many ways, including for the following purposes (i) to provide you with any requested information, content, goods, and/or services, whether offered by UPI or any advertisers, sponsors, licensees, or any other third parties (ii) to send you information and promotional materials about content, goods and services, whether offered by UPI or by any advertisers, sponsors, licensees or any other third parties, (iii) to share your information with any advertisers, sponsors, licensees or any other third parties so that these third parties can send you promotional materials, which includes but is not limited to communications that directly promote the use of Web sites, or the purchase of products or services and (iv) to share with and/or sell to any successor to or purchaser of part or all of the assets of UPI. In the event of bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, UPI reserves the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information we have collected as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. United Press International may also disclose personally identifiable information when required by law, when desirable by UPI to exercise or preserve its legal rights, to enforce the Terms of Use for UPI.com, and/or anytime when UPI has received your consent.  United Press International may also disclose this information in the form of anonymous, aggregate usage statistics (including ‘‘hits'' on UPI.com) and demographics, to advertisers and other businesses. 

In order for UPI to evaluate what products and pages of the Web site are attractive to our users, we have entered into agreement with online partners to assist us in determining how visitors use the Web site.  To collect this important information, we use Web servers, beacons and cookies provided by our online partners to do all or some of the following: (1) track user activity on UPI.com to generate site usage reports, (2) record registration information so the user does not need to re-enter it each time, (3) record user-specific information on what pages the user accesses or visits, and (4) record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when the users return to our site.  The type of information we collect includes user geographic location, which pages each user visits, ISP, GMT timeframe, referral and destination sources, as well as visit duration.  This information may be disclosed to advertisers and other businesses in the form of anonymous, aggregate usage statistics (including ‘‘hits'' on UPI.com) and demographics, but only in forms that do not reveal a user's identity. 

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)

Please note that on UPI.com, links may be provided to other Web sites. In using such links, users should be aware that each Web site will vary in terms of its privacy and data protection policies, and United Press International does not take responsibility for the privacy policies of, and usage of, personal information collected by others. 

By accessing UPI.com, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy.  We may amend this privacy and data protection policy at any time. When we do amend the privacy and data protection policy, we will post the amended policy on the UPI.com site.  Your continued use of UPI.com shall constitute your acceptance of such revised privacy policy. 

Any comments or questions concerning this policy please click here. If at any point you wish to access your personal information to (1) change your preferences, (2) review the accuracy, (3) correct, supplement or modify your information, you may either send an e-mail by clicking here, or a written request to, Legal Department, United Press International, Inc., 1133 19th Street, NW, Suite 800, Washington, D.C., 20036, Attn: Privacy Policy. 

Updated November 24, 2009 
