> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the richmen.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161104233518id_/http%3A//richmen.com/main.php%3Fa%3Dcontent.info%26page%3Dprivacy%26id%3Drichmen%26prg%3D1%26tour%3D1%26g%3D1%26pg%3D1%26niche%3Dm-g) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

THIS POLICY WAS LAST UPDATED ON May 9, 2006

#### RichMen Privacy Policy

RichMen, LLC ("we" or " RichMen ") have adopted this privacy policy to protect your personal information and to let you know how we might use it. This privacy policy only applies to activities you perform on the Richmen.com website, transactions for purchasing RichMen subscription services, and activities or communications that occur using the RichMen service (collectively known as the "Service") and does not apply to any other Website or offline point of contact between Richmen.com, RichMen, or any other company, and consumers. This policy was implemented on January 1, 2003 this policy may change from time-to-time, please periodically review this page. Each time you use the Service or provide us with information, by doing so you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy at that time.

#### Your IP Address

Like most e-commerce Websites, each time use the Service, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. In order to administer and optimize the Service for you and to diagnose problems, we use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you.

#### Cookies

Like most Websites, the Service uses cookies to keep track of your purchases and other activity on the website and enhance your experience. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your password, and if you choose, to save other personal and financial information so you do not have to reenter it each time you use the Service. Third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. If you wish to disable these cookies, the "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how. However, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain aspects of the Service.

#### Information We Collect From You

In order to operate the Service and to provide you with information about products or services that may be of interest to you, we may collect "personal information" (i.e. information that could be used to contact you directly without using the service" demographic information" (i.e. information that you submit, or that we collect, that is neither personal information nor financial information; this may include, but is not limited to, zip code, postal code, hometown, gender, username, age/birth date, purchase history information, browsing history information, searching history information, registration history information, and the content of communications between you and other members over the Service), subject to the rest of this paragraph. Demographic information is divided into two categories: 1) "non-public information", which consists of purchase history information and one-on-one communications between you and other users of the Service; and 2) "public information", which consists of all other demographic information. We ask that you do not enter personal information or financial information into your "Profile" (for example, don't use your address or passcode as your username, or include your name or address in your written responses), because if you do then it may be posted publicly on the Service, and the information will then be treated as "demographic information" that is "public information." Please note that nowhere on the Service do we knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18, as we require that all users represent to us that they are at least 18 years old.

#### Information Other Websites Collect From You

On the Service websites, we may place links to other Websites operated by other parties. Some of these other Websites contain our brand names and trademarks and other intellectual property that we own; others do not. When you click on these links and visit these other Websites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we do not control these other Websites or these other Websites' business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to these other Websites. Consequently, the operators of these other Websites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the Service. We encourage you to review their privacy policies and remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions.

#### How We Use Personal Information

RichMen is committed to treating your personal information with the highest degree of care. Your email address and personal information is not shared with any third parties and is solely used to send email communication from RichMen. Your personal information will not be resold to any third party. We use your email address and your other personal information to help us efficiently operate the Service, to contact you in connection with your transactions and other activities on the Service (including, but not limited to, confirmation emails or important news that could affect your relationship with Richmen.com), and to forward messages to you from other Richmen.com users. These types of communications are known as "Operational Communications." In some cases, Operational Communications may also contain commercial messages, such as banner ads and special offers.

We also use personal information to send you newsletters, information, offers and other promotional materials for Richmen.com's or third parties' goods or services. We attempt to send you offers that are of value to you, such as discounts, exclusive offers or special event information. The Service provides you with options to decline to receive communications from Richmen.com (other than those contained in Operational Communications). Some of these options may only be for a certain category of communications; others may be more general. By posting a profile on the Service, you are opting in to receive messages from other Richmen.com members by email or text message. To stop receiving messages from other Richmen.com members, change your account settings on Richmen.com.

To operate the Service, including processing your transactions and supporting your activities on the Service, we may share your personal information with our agents, representatives, contractors and service providers so they can provide us with support services such as authorization of credit card transactions, email origination, receipt or support services, customer relationship management services, order fulfillment and sweepstakes and promotional fulfillment. We require these entities not to use your information for any other purpose.

By purchasing, or registering or making reservations for, products or services offered or sponsored by third parties on the Service, or electing to receive communications (such as emails or magazine subscriptions) or electing to participate in contests, sweepstakes or other programs (such as discount or rewards programs), offered or sponsored by third parties on the Service, you consent to our providing your personal information to those third parties. Those third parties may use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. You will need to contact those third parties to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them. Additionally, you agree that we may use and disclose all such information so submitted to such third parties in the same manner in which we are entitled to use and disclose any other information you submit to us.

In some cases, we may enter into a promotional relationship with another company in which we prominently display their brand name or trademarks on pages of the Service. These pages are known as "Co-Branded Pages" and these companies are known as "Co-Branded Companies." If the page on which you submit information is a Co-Branded Page, or was accessed by clicking on a link on a Co-Branded Page, then we may share your personal information with the associated Co-Branded Company. Co-Branded Companies may use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. You will need to contact Co-Branded Companies to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them. Additionally, you agree that we may use and disclose all such information so submitted to such Co-Branded Companies in the same manner in which we are entitled to use and disclose any other information you submit to us. Some Co-Branded Pages may contain an action tag (also known as a Web Beacon or a 1 pixel .gif file) that a third party, may use to read cookies that it, or its clients, may have placed on your browser at other (non-Richmen.com) web sites before your visit to Richmen.com. This technology is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements on such other Websites that promote Co-Branded Pages. Further, such other third parties may use the information collected through this technology to learn more about your visits to this Service and other Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.

Any third party with whom we are allowed to share your personal information is authorized to use your personal information in accordance with our contractual arrangements with such third parties and in accordance with their own privacy policies, over which we have no control, and you agree that we are not responsible or liable for any of their actions or omissions. Those who contact you will need to be instructed directly by you regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them.

Please read the information below under the heading "Special Cases in which we Share Personal and Financial Information" to learn more ways in which we may share your personal information.

#### How We Use Public Information and Other Demographic Information

We may review all demographic information. We may use public information to enable other users to find your profile, to determine whether they are a match for you and to communicate with you. We may use demographic information to tailor the Service and communications to your interests. We may also share demographic information with advertisers on an anonymous and aggregated basis (i.e., without telling the advertisers your identity). One of the reasons we may do this is to increase the likelihood that our advertisers' goods and services will appeal to Richmen.com's users, so that we may target specific ads at specific demographic groups. Our sharing of demographic information with advertisers is anonymous (i.e., we do not tell advertisers which particular Richmen.com users are members of which demographic groups), subject to the rest of this privacy policy. When you respond to an advertisement, however, we ask you to remember that if that ad that is targeted to a demographic group and you decide to give the advertiser your personal information, then the advertiser may be able to identify you as being a member of that demographic group. Please also be aware that when we disclose your financial information or personal information to a Co-Branded Company, as described above, we may also disclose to that Co-Branded Company your demographic information, other than the content of one-on-one communications between you and other members. Please also be aware that we may disclose your demographic information on a non-anonymous basis as described above in the paragraph titled "Special Cases in which we Share Personal and Financial Information." Also, to read further details about how we may use your public information, see our [Terms of Use](https://richmen.com/members/info/terms/).

#### Changing our Privacy Policy for Previously Gathered Information

If at any point we decide to use particular personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email or by providing 30 days notice on the Service. Please note that we will continue to have the right to change our privacy policy and practices, and how we use your personally identifiable information, without notice, as described in the first paragraph of this Privacy Policy, provided that such changes shall only apply to information gathered on or after the date of the change.

#### How You Can Access and Update Your Email Preferences, Personal Information and Public Information

We give you the opportunity to opt-out of certain communications and modify personal information or demographic information you have provided to us, and to hide demographic information from, or make demographic information visible to, the public users of the Service, at anytime by going to the "Account Settings" in your Richmen.com profile of the Service. Please be aware that it may take several hours for the changes you make to take effect on the public areas of the Service. We thank you for your patience. Please note that changing or deleting your information in the "Account Settings" section of the Service, or otherwise opting-out of receipt of email communications from Richmen.com, will only change or delete the data in our database for purposes of future activities on the Service and for managing future communications from Richmen.com. These changes and deletions will not change or delete emails or information that we may have already forwarded to other users or credit card companies or any other third parties, all as provided above in this privacy policy.

If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, the practices of the Service, or your dealings with the Service, you can contact us at [support@gpnethelp.com](mailto:support@gpnethelp.com) or by calling +1-305-712-6612. You can also send us mail to: Privacy Officer, RichMen, LLC, 705 Washington Ave 2nd Floor, Miami Beach, FL. 33139.
