> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rickperry.org privacy policy that was archived on 2017-03-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170321172433id_/https%3A//rickperry.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Perry for President

**Privacy Policy**

**Last updated: June 4, 2015**

**Overview**

Welcome to the official web site (the “Site”) of Rick Perry (“RickPerry.org”, “we”, “us”, or “our”).  This Privacy Policy outlines our practices for online collection, use, and disclosure of your information that you provide to us when you use this Site.

By using this Site, you agree that this Privacy Policy governs your use of the Site. From time to time, we may update this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to periodically check this Site for updates. Your continued use of the Site affirms your agreement to any changes we make to this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collected**

**Voluntary Information:**

We may collect personal information you voluntarily provide to us including your name, e-mail address and postal address. You may provide this information by filling out forms, requesting information, registering, making a purchase or for other purposes. We may also collect demographic information such as gender, date of birth, occupation, employer name and zip code. In limited circumstances, we may collect payment information such as credit card number where needed to complete a requested service or transaction.

**Automatically Generated Information:  **

As you navigate through and interact with our Site, we and our service providers may use automatic data collection technologies to collect non-personally identifiable information that is generated automatically while you are visiting the Site, other websites, mobile websites and/or mobile applications or elsewhere on the Internet in order to provide content and advertisements about goods and services of interest to you across those various devices.

This non-personally identifiable data includes, but is not limited to, information such as web pages visited before and after visiting the Site, date and time, logs, domain type, type of mobile device you use, your device’s unique ID, links you click on within the Site, interactions with an advertisement delivered by us or a third party advertising technology vendor and other communication data regarding the resources you access and use on this Site. We may also collect your IP address, which is a unique identifier that certain electronic devices use to identify and communicate with each other on the Internet.

**How it is Collected**

We collect several types of information from and about users of our Site, which is collected directly from you when you provide it to us and from third parties, for example, our service providers and/or business partners.

Automatically Generated Information as noted above may include usage details, IP addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies us and is collected using the following technologies:

**Cookies** : This type of information may be collected using different types of technologies, such as cookies and pixels. “Cookies” are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website.

**Web Beacons:** Pages of our Site and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related web site statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain web site content and verifying system and server integrity).

**Google Analytics** : This website uses Google Analytics to help analyze how users use the site, which uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for RickPerry.org. Google Analytics collects information anonymously.  Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website. It reports website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site – for more information about Google Analytics click [here](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). You may opt out of use of your information by Google Analytics by using the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-On](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). You can also opt out by visiting the site of the Network Advertising Initiative, which can be found here:  
<http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/>.

**User Choice**

**Disabling Cookies**

The “Help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive cookies, and how to disable cookies altogether. Note that if you reject or block cookies, it may affect your ability to enjoy the full functionality and experience of our Site.

**Opt out**

We, along with our third party service providers, may use non-personally identifiable information to provide more relevant advertising and content. You can stop this Site from collecting certain types of information that provide more tailored online ads and messages to you by clicking [here](http://www.lotame.com/opt-out-preference-manager/).

You can opt out and learn more information about your choices with respect to data collection by visiting the site of the Digital Advertising Alliance, which can be found here: <http://www.aboutads.info/choices>.

**Information Use and Sharing**

In some cases, we may also use another company to operate web servers or process credit card purchases for our Site.

**Use of Personal Information:   **If we do receive your personal information, we will only use it for the purposes described where it is collected or otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We may share this information outside of RickPerry.org if (1) you authorize us to do so; (2) it is necessary to provide our services, information or products to you (and contacting you when necessary); (3) it is necessary to allow our service providers, contractors, agents or other third parties to provide services, marketing materials, information or products to you (and contacting you when necessary); (4) any other way we may describe when you provide this information; (5) to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide to it; (6) subject to applicable contractual or legal restrictions, it is disclosed to entities that perform marketing services on our behalf or to other entities with whom we have joint marketing agreements; (7) it is necessary in connection with other business purposes including, without limitation, responding to your inquiries or requests for information or services, customer care, service quality, business management and operation, risk assessment, security, fraud and crime prevention/detection, monitoring, research and analysis, marketing, customer purchasing preferences and trends, dispute resolution, credit checking and debt collection; (8) it is necessary for us to provide it to our attorneys, accountants, regulators, auditors or other advisors; or (9) otherwise as we are required or permitted by law or required to comply with legal process served upon us, our agents, clients, representatives or our affiliates.We may also aggregate your personal information with the information of others and may disclose such information in aggregate form for marketing and promotional purposes in a way that would not identify you individually.

**Submitting your e-mail:** Submitting your address anywhere on the Site may result in your e-mail address being added to the our list, added to our service provider’s email list and/or used in accordance with this privacy policy. You may unsubscribe from our e-mails at any time by opting out of e-mail subscriptions with the “unsubscribe” link, which is included in each e-mail. Your e-mail address will be removed from our marketing list. Please allow us a reasonable period of time in order to satisfy your request, as some promotions may already be in process

**Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information:** We may use and share with our service providers non-personally identifiable information as part of the services to create a more relevant experience for each person that visits the Site or elsewhere on the Internet. This allows us to analyze user behaviors or to customize the ads that you encounter.  We also use this information to determine the general physical location of the device and understand from what regions of the world our Site visitors come.  This non-personally identifiable information may also be used to speed navigation and keep track of items and to gather anonymous traffic data that our service providers or we may use to enhance the Site, our services, our marketing efforts and other internal purposes. We use various web site analytics tools and technologies regarding activities on our Site that require storage of web session data. The overall aim of these tools is to aid in making our Site easy to use, to proactively identify and correct error conditions and to provide more relevant advertising and content to you. These tools and technologies are also used to assist Site visitors who report problems in the use of our Site. Stored web session data is used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**Third Party Features**

For your convenience, we may include or offer third party links, products or services on our Site. These third parties may use cookies or other technologies on this Site and serve ads based on your visit to this Site and other web sites on the Internet. We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any web sites or pages not under our control and we do not endorse any of these web sites or pages, the services or products described or offered on such sites or pages, or any of the content contained on those sites or pages. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Site and welcome any feedback about these web sites.

**Security**

We employ and maintain technology and security measures designed to protect your personal information. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed as 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or receive from us.  We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Site.

**Your California Privacy Rights and Do-Not-Track Disclosures**

California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Site that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to [info@rickperry.org](mailto:info@rickperry.org) or write us at: 823 Congress Suite 1300 Austin, TX 78701.

Like many other websites and online services, RickPerry.org does not currently alter its practices when it receives Do Not Track signals because there is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” you may wish to visit [http://www.allaboutdnt.com](http://www.allaboutdnt.com/).

**Children**

We strongly encourage parents and guardians to regularly monitor and supervise their children’s online activities.  Our Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Site or on or through any of its features/register on the Site, make any purchases through the Site, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Site or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as soon as reasonably possible. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at [info@rickperry.org](mailto:info@rickperry.org)

**Visiting Our Site from Outside of the United States**

If you are visiting our Site from outside of the United States of America, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the United States, where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to protect your privacy. By using our Site, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Contact Us**

Please contact us if you have questions about our Privacy Policy at: [info@rickperry.org](mailto:info@rickperry.org)
