> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the boxofficeindia.co.in privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171219231554id_/http%3A//boxofficeindia.co.in/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Box Office India : India’s premier film trade magazine

Welcome to the website www.boxofficeindia.co.in and online services (the “ **Website** “) operated by [Box Office India] (“ **BOI”** ). BOI values the privacy of our members and others who visit and use the Website (individually, “ **You** ” or collectively, “ **Users** “). We take your privacy seriously and make it a priority to protect personally identifiable information that we obtain from and about individuals both online and offline.

This Privacy Policy describes what information we gather from you, how we use that information, and what we do to protect it. By using the Website (whether or not you are a registered member), you expressly consent to the information handling practices described in this policy. If you do not want information about you to be used in the manner set forth in this Privacy Policy, please do not use the Website.

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the [Terms of Service](http://boxofficeindia.co.in/terms-of-service/). Your use of the Website and any personal information you provide on the Website are subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and [Terms of Service](http://boxofficeindia.co.in/terms-of-service/). Any capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Service.

 **Collection of Information**

 **User-provided Information** : When you register for, browse and use the Website, you may provide to BOI what is generally called “personally identifiable information” (such as your full name, email address, postal mailing address, and/or home/mobile telephone number). You may also be able to add a picture of yourself. If you decide to register through or otherwise grant access to a third party social networking or integrated service that we may make available (“ **Integrated Service”** ), such as Facebook or Google, BOI may also collect any such “personally identifiable information” that you have provided to the Integrated Service from the account you have with the Integrated Service. You may revoke BOI’s access to your account on the Integrated Service at any time by updating the appropriate settings in the account preferences of the respective Integrated Service. You should check your privacy settings on each Integrated Service to understand and change the information sent to us through each Integrated Service. Please review each Integrated Service’s terms of use and privacy policies carefully before using their services and connecting to our Website. From time to time, BOI may also ask you optionally to provide other information. If you choose to provide such information, during registration or otherwise, you are giving BOI the permission to use and store it consistent with this policy. Therefore, please understand that when you sign in with BOI, you are not anonymous to us.

 **Information from other Users** : We may make available certain features on the Website that allow other Users of the Website to provide us information that may include your personally identifiable information.

 **“Cookies” Information** : When you visit the Website, whether or not you are a registered member, we may send one or more cookies – small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters – to your computer. Cookies remember information about your activities on a website. BOI may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Website. Persistent cookies can be removed. Please review your web browser “Help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. However, without cookies you will not have access to certain services and features on the Website. Third party advertisements displayed in connection with the Website may also contain cookies set by internet advertisers. We do not control these cookies and Users of the Website should check the privacy policy of the advertiser to see whether and how it uses cookies.

 **“Automatically Collected” Information:**  When you use the Website, we may automatically record certain information from your browser by using different types of technology, including standard log files, “clear gifs” or “web beacons”. This “automatically collected” information may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring or exit pages, click stream data, operating system and the dates and times that you visit the Website.

 **Third Party Web Beacons:  **We may also implement third party content, such as advertising, on the Website that uses “clear gifs,” “web beacons,” or other similar techniques, which allow the third party content provider to read and write cookies to your browser, or implement similar tracking mechanisms, in connection with your viewing of that third party content displayed on the Website. This information is collected directly by the third party, and BOI does not participate in that data transmission. Information collected by third parties in this manner is subject to that third party’s own data collection, use, and disclosure policies.

 **Location Information:** We may collect and store information about your location if you enable your computer or mobile device to send us location information. You may be able to change the settings on your computer or mobile device to prevent it from providing us with such information.

 **Information from Other Sources:** We may also obtain information, including personally identifiable information, from third parties and sources other than the Website. If we combine or associate information from other sources with personally identifiable information that we collect through the Website, we will treat the combined information as personally identifiable information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

 **Usage of Information**

BOI uses the information that you provide or that we collect in order to establish and enhance our relationship with you. BOI generally uses the information you provide or that we collect to operate, maintain, enhance, and provide all of the features and services found on the Website. If you have given BOI consent, we may use your personally identifiable information to provide you with information about BOI’s features, services and other offerings that may be of interest to you. We may also send information or offers to groups of Users on behalf of other businesses. Under certain circumstances (for example if you win a contest) we may post your personally identifiable information on the Website. However, we will notify you of this possibility when collecting personally identifiable information or we will obtain your consent. We may share your personally identifiable information with certain other websites that we link to (and that you click upon) in order to enhance your experience in connection with the Website.

BOI uses all of the information that you provide or that we collect from Users to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our Users, to improve the way the Website works and looks, and to create new features and functionality.

BOI may use “cookies” information to: (a) remember your information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website; (b) provide customized third-party advertisements, content, and information; (c) monitor the effectiveness of third-party marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate site usage metrics such as total number of visitors and pages viewed; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in any promotions or other activities.

If you have registered as a member and given BOI consent, we may share your personally identifiable information with advertisers, business partners, and other entities that are not affiliated with BOI who would like to send you information about their products and services. We do not share personally identifiable information with other third-party organizations for their marketing or promotional use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in.

BOI’s employees, agents and contractors must have a legitimate business reason to obtain access to the personally identifiable information you may provide to register as a member of BOI. We may share your personally identifiable information with companies that provide services to us, including outside contractors or agents who help us manage our information activities, but they may only use your personally identifiable information to provide us with a specific service and not for any other purpose.

 **Disclosure of Information**

 **Aggregate Information:**  BOI discloses automatically collected and other aggregate non-personally-identifiable information to interested third parties to assist such parties in understanding the usage, viewing, and demographic patterns for certain programs, content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Website.

 **User Postings on the Website:**  BOI enables you to share your postings with other Users of the Website. BOI may also permit you to share your user postings publicly on the Website. If your user postings are shared with other Users, any personally identifiable information that you choose to include in, or is associated with, such user postings will be accessible by such Users. Once you make your personally identifiable information available to others in any of these ways, it may be collected and used by the recipients without restriction. BOI enables Users to share information, resources and materials. If you are a user subscribing to the Website and you consent, BOI may disclose certain personally identifiable information to other Users of the Website.  

 **Social Networks:**  BOI will disclose your personal information if you have explicitly agreed that we may do so. In particular, we will disclose personal information where you have elected to connect your account on our Website to a social network or other similar service (e.g., Facebook or Google), or have elected to have your activity on our Website published to a social network or other similar service (e.g., Facebook or Google). To control the information that you share, you should review and, if appropriate, modify your privacy settings on such services.

 **Required by Law:**  BOI may also disclose user information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with the applicable laws or respond to a court order, judicial or other government proceedings, or warrant. In some cases, we may make such disclosures without first providing notice to Users.

 **Merger or Acquisition:**  In the event that BOI is acquired by or merged with a third-party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information that we have collected from Users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control.

 **Other Purposes:**  BOI also reserves the right to disclose user information that we believe, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to take precautions against liability; protect BOI from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses; to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; to assist government enforcement agencies; to protect the security or integrity of the Website; or to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of BOI, our Users, or others. We reserve the right to disclose information submitted by or concerning any user as we feel is necessary to protect our systems or business. Specifically, but without limitation, we reserve the right to disclose such information when a user or member is in violation of our Terms of Service or any other agreement with us, or engages (or is suspected of engaging) in any harmful, infringing or illegal activity; any threatening or abusive behavior or in any manipulation of the Website or the services including, without limitation, to law enforcement agencies for investigation or prosecution. You hereby agree that we may disclose such information in connection with such events and/or concerns, with or without a warrant or other court order, and that we may disclose such information in response to court and governmental orders, warrants, discovery requests and as otherwise required by law, as well as in response to allegations of infringement or as we feel may be required to protect BOI, the services, the Website, our Users, or other third parties.

 **Information Access, Review and Updating:**

You may, of course, decline to share your personally identifiable information with BOI, in which case BOI will not be able to provide to you some or all of the features and functionality found on the Website. If you register as a member of BOI, you may update, correct, or delete your profile information and preferences at any time by going to your account settings page.

You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and account information at all times.

 **Third Party Applications**

BOI makes available to third party application developers and service providers (“ **App Developers”** ) an application programming interface (“ **API”** ) for use in creating complementary or additional services for Users (such as creating mobile applications that provide access to BOI content). Through the API, BOI may allow App Developers to access a variety of personal information related to your use of the Website and related services, including your username or other unique identifier, messages, comments, browsing history on the Website and other information related to your use of the Website. When you use, download or access an application or service from such App Developers, we may give them access to such personally identifiable information you have provided or we have collected. The first time an App Developer wishes to access your information through the API for a particular service or application, you will first be given the option to approve such access to your information by such service or application. You understand that you may not have access to certain features or services if you choose to not provide such access to your information to App Developers.

You understand and agree that such App Developers may use this information for its internal business purposes in operating its services and may also disclose such information to its other customers and users. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party services and application. BOI’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such App Developers.

 **Third Party Applications**

BOI makes available to third party application developers and service providers (“ **App Developers”** ) an application programming interface (“ **API”** ) for use in creating complementary or additional services for Users (such as creating mobile applications that provide access to BOI content). Through the API, BOI may allow App Developers to access a variety of personal information related to your use of the Website and related services, including your username or other unique identifier, messages, comments, browsing history on the Website and other information related to your use of the Website. When you use, download or access an application or service from such App Developers, we may give them access to such personally identifiable information you have provided or we have collected. The first time an App Developer wishes to access your information through the API for a particular service or application, you will first be given the option to approve such access to your information by such service or application. You understand that you may not have access to certain features or services if you choose to not provide such access to your information to App Developers.

You understand and agree that such App Developers may use this information for its internal business purposes in operating its services and may also disclose such information to its other customers and users. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party services and application. BOI’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such App Developers.

 **Third-Party Advertisers, Links to Other Sites**

The Website may be linked to internet websites operated by other companies. Some of these websites may be co-branded with our name or logo, even though they are not operated or maintained by us. BOI may also permit other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements within the Website. These third-party ad servers or ad networks may use technology to send, directly to your browser, some of the advertisements and links that appear on the Website. These advertisers may automatically receive your IP address if this happens. These advertisers may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or web beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content.

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party websites and third party ad servers or ad networks. BOI’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other third party advertisers or websites. Please be aware that BOI does not warn you when you have chosen to link through to another website from the Website.

 **Our Commitment to Data Security**

BOI uses certain physical, managerial, and technical safeguards designed to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to BOI, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, BOI makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.

If BOI learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. BOI may post a notice on the Website if a security breach occurs.

 **International Visitors**

The Website is intended solely for visitors located within India. If you nonetheless choose to use the Website from other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from Indian law, then please note that you are transferring your personally identifiable information outside of those regions to India and by providing your personally identifiable information on the Website you consent to that transfer.

 **Changes and Updates to this Privacy Policy**

We reserve the right to change the Privacy Policy at our sole discretion. BOI users will be informed of any such change by us posting a new privacy policy on the Website and the effective date of any change of privacy policy will be clearly marked. We will not use any personally identifiable information of yours in ways that are materially different from the ones described in this Privacy Policy without also providing notification of such practices and obtaining consent to any such different uses. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our Website.

 **Contact Information**

Please contact BOI with any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, your personal information, our third-party disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email at Komal Sharma: info@boxofficeindia.co.in or by mail at: Komal@weekendmedia.in.
