> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bp00.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-10-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20011008022709id_/http%3A//www.bp00.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Sony Sweepstakes

| 

**Win Big With Sony Sweepstakes**

**_Your Privacy_**

At Sony we believe our online visitors have a right to know our practices regarding the information we collect when you visit our Web sites and what types of information is collected. **The guidelines contained herein apply only to your visit to the web site(s) associated with the Win Big With Sony Sweepstakes (the "Sweepstakes").** The Sweepstakes is being conducted operated for Sony Corporation of America ("SCA"). Sites (including other SCA sites) which are linked to/from this site (including via banner ads) may have different policies; therefore, please review the privacy policy notices on those sites for details.

While SCA does not generally require that you provide us with personally identifiable information about yourself to visit and use the SCA sites, please note that in order to participate in the Sweepstakes, it will be necessary for you to provide this information. If you choose not to provide it for those activities, you may not be able to participate in the Sweepstakes.

**_Collection of Information: Cookies; Personal_**

For each visitor to the Sweepstakes Web site, the Sweepstakes' Web server automatically recognizes and stores information such as the visitor's IP address/Domain name combination. We use this information to follow visitor traffic patterns through our sites for purposes such as enhancing its usability. Your computer provides this information automatically each time you log on, unless you've activated blocking technology available in some browsers.

When you visit the Sweepstakes' site or advertisements appearing thereon, or use one or more of the Sweepstakes Web site services, we may use an industry-wide technology called "cookies" which stores certain information on your computer and which will allow us to customize your experience on other SCA sites to better match your interests and preferences or simply facilitate your signing in to use the services of those sites. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. However, if you block or erase cookies, we may not be able to restore any preferences or customization settings you previously specified and our ability to personalize your online experience would be limited. Please refer to your browser instructions or "help" screen to learn more about these functions.

Additionally, we may ask you to provide "personal information", meaning individually identifiable information such as your e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, social security number, credit card number, or persistent identifier (such as a customer number held in a cookie) which is associated with individually identifiable information, to enable you to participate in the Sweepstakes. SCA may combine the information you provide on the Sweepstakes Web sites with information we may collect offline from you or from third parties so that we can more effectively tailor other SCA sites, services and offerings to you.

Unless you instruct us otherwise, SCA may contact you to provide you with information about products, services, promotions, contests, or other activities or offerings that may be of interest to you. You can instruct us whether or not you wish to be contacted by checking or unchecking the box indicating your preference at the place where your information is collected, or by other means (such as an e-mail request). In addition, with each communication you receive from SCA you will be given the opportunity to indicate if you do not wish to receive future communications.

SCA will not share the personal information you provide on the Sweepstakes Web sites with any other parties, except (a) with your consent, (b) as may be permitted or required by law or court order and/or (c) to persons or companies with whom SCA contracts to carry out the internal operations of the site or our business (for example, to send you a promotional item that you have requested on the site.).

**_With your consent,_** SCA may share your personal information with other affiliated Sony companies (i.e., (i) Sony Corporation, (ii) any company of which more than 50% of its outstanding shares are owned by Sony Corporation, directly or indirectly, and (iii) any company with the name "SONY" as a part of its trade name) who may want to contact you about products, services or other offerings that may be of interest to you. Further, with your consent, SCA may share your personal information with specific third parties outside of the Sony group of companies who may want to contact you about products, services or other offerings that may be of interest to you. SCA will seek to obtain your consent at the place where the information is collected either by an "opt-out" or "opt-in" method, or by other means (such as an e-mail request). If you consent to receiving communications from any of these affiliated Sony companies or third parties, you will need to communicate with them directly if you later decide that you no longer wish to receive their communications.

**_Security_**

SCA takes great care in maintaining the security of your personal information and to prevent unauthorized access to it through the use of appropriate technology and internal procedures. However, SCA does not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.

**_Notice To/Regarding Children Under the Age of 13_**

**Notice: The Sweepstakes is open only to individuals who are 13 years of age and older. If you are under 13 years of age, any information you submit will not be retained by SCA.**  
SCA believes that children using the Internet require special protection, and we urge parents or guardians to explain Internet safety to their children. Parents are urged to spend time online with their children to become familiar with the types of content available on the SCA sites and the Internet in general. Control tools are available from online services and software manufacturers to help create a safer environment for children.

**_Use and Disclosure of Anonymous Aggregated Information_**

SCA may also collect, aggregate and maintain anonymous information about the visitors to our Sweepstakes Web sites, such as visitors hobbies, interests, purchasing habits, music preferences, and the like. This data can then be used to tailor content and advertising on other SCA Web sites to deliver a better experience for our visitors. SCA may also share such aggregate information about our visitors with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties, for example, to inform them about the percentage of male/female visitors or percentage of visitors within a particular age range.

**_Consent to Processing:_**

By providing any personal information to the Sweepstakes Web sites, all users, including without limitation users in the member states of the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of such information in the United States of America.

**_Policy Governs Use; Changes to Privacy Policy_**

The terms of this policy will govern the use of any information collected while it is in place. SCA reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page as often as you wish.

**_Questions:_**

If you have any questions or comments about our personal information practices or about this privacy statement, please feel free to send us an e-mail at PIM@am.sony.com or write us at 

          Sony Corporation of America  
          Personal Information Management Office  
          1 Sony Drive  
          MD TA3-12  
          Park Ridge, New Jersey 07656
