> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the northstarmls.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141121225112id_/http%3A//www.northstarmls.com/about/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - NorthstarMLS

**Privacy Policy**  
_At NorthstarMLS, we are fully committed to the protection and security of any information that you provide to us as users of our Website. We want you to know that we truly respect and will work to  protect your privacy, so you can enjoy using our services which allow us to better serve your needs._

Our Privacy Policy discloses our approach to privacy and how your personal information is collected. Your use of our Website constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy and your consent to the practices it describes.

##### **What Information We Collect**

Generally speaking, our Website is informational. We do not collect any personally identifiable information unless you voluntarily provide it, such as when you provide us account information, submit a complaint or fine appeal form or submit an application to become a NorthstarMLS Subscriber.

As is the case when you visit most Websites, to administer our site, your visit triggers the automatic logging of certain anonymous information about your computer system such as the type of browser you use, the server name and your “IP” (Internet Protocol) address. When your Web browser or email application requests a Web page or email from another computer using the Internet, it automatically gives that computer the “address” where it should send the information. This is called your computer’s “IP address”. This address does not contain any personally identifiable information.

##### **How We Protect Your Information**

We also want you, our visitors, to know that we take the security of your information very seriously and that we take appropriate measures to protect the files in our data system. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to guard your nonpublic personal information.

You need to know, however, that due to the open communication nature of the Internet we cannot guarantee that communication between you and us, and between us and you, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties nor can we be responsible for information stolen from our servers or computer systems by information harvesting software which may have the ability to scrape data.

##### **How We Use Your Information**

When we ask you for information, we tell you, or it will be clear, why we need any personally identifying information from you either to fulfill a request from you or to provide information or services to you, such as when you submit an application to become a NorthstarMLS Subscriber or submit a complaint or fine appeal form.

##### **We Do Not Sell or Rent Your Personal Information**

Aside from our own use of your personal information, we do not share any personal information we may have about you with unaffiliated third parties.

We may, however, have to disclose, transfer, sell or assign your information obtained through this Website, or otherwise in our possession, to a third party as a result of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation of NorthstarMLS. We may also have to make information obtained through this Website, or otherwise in our possession, available to law enforcement personnel and agencies when requested to do so or as required by law.

##### **Cookies**

Cookie technology is employed on our Website. Cookies help us keep track of the pages that you visit while on our Website. In case you did not know, “cookies” are small text files sent by Web servers to be stored on the computers of Website users. These files often contain personalization settings or unique identifiers to keep track of your information and to help us understand the movements of users within and between Websites.

##### **Google Analytics**

NorthstarMLS.com uses Google Analytics to help analyze how visitors use the site. The tool uses “cookies” to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behavior information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of NorthstarMLS.com (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of NorthstarMLS.com and to compile statistical reports on Website activity.

We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user.

##### **Privacy Statement Changes**

NorthstarMLS (RMLS) reserves the right to change or amend its Privacy Policy to address new issues of privacy and information security and to reflect changes to our website or business practices. Any new changes and/or amendments will be noted on our Home Page and will always be posted in this section of the NorthstarMLS.com Website.

##### **Questions About Our Privacy Policy?**

If you have any questions about our privacy practices or procedures, please feel free to contact us as follows:

[Email Us](mailto:help@northstarmls.com) or write to:

NorthstarMLS  
2550 University Ave. W., Suite 259S  
St. Paul, MN 55114
