> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the northstarattahoe.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-04-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050404053509id_/http%3A//www.boothcreek.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Booth Creek Resorts - Privacy Policy

Booth Creek Ski Holdings, Inc. ("Booth Creek" or "we") is committed to your privacy on the Internet. This privacy statement demonstrates our firm commitment to your privacy. This policy applies to various websites operated by Booth Creek, such as www.boothcreek.com, www.skinorthstar.com, www.sierratahoe.com, www.summit-at-snoqualmie.com, www.waterville.com, www.loonmtn.com and www.cranmore.com (the "Sites"). Please read the following policy to understand what personal information we may collect from you and how your personal information may be used as you make full use of our options and Sites. By using the Sites, you agree to this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use the Sites. This policy may be updated and revised occasionally without prior notice to you, so please check back periodically. Your continued use of the Sites following the posting of changes to this policy will signify your acceptance of those changes. 

PLEASE NOTE THAT WE FOLLOW SPECIAL ADDITIONAL PROCEDURES WHEN COLLECTING INFORMATION FROM CHILDREN UNDER 13, WHICH ARE SET FORTH IN THE "CHILDREN'S PRIVACY" SECTION BELOW. 

**Aggregate Information**

From time to time, we may collect general, non-personal, statistical information about the use of the Sites, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on the Sites, how long they stay on that page, and which hyperlinks, if any, they "click" on. We collect this information in order to determine which areas of the Sites are most popular and to enhance the Sites for visitors. We may also group this information into aggregate visitor data in order to describe the use of the Sites to our existing or potential business partners, sponsors, advertisers or other third parties, or in response to a government request. However, please be assured that this aggregate data will in no way personally identify you or any other visitors to the Sites. 

**What personally identifiable information of yours is collected?**

Booth Creek will not collect or retain any personal information about you unless you provide it to us voluntarily. We may collect personal information from the Sites in several ways if you so choose to provide it. For example, we require you to provide personal information in order to register for membership on a Site, purchase ski passes and other products online, book reservations at our ski resorts online, participate in contests, sweepstakes, events or promotions offered on the Sites, subscribe to our online newsletter or other online services, register for e-mail clubs to receive notifications of special promotions, offers and events, send questions or comments to us via e-mail or fill out online or e-mail surveys. The requested information may include personal information such as your name, e-mail address, telephone number, home address, credit card information, billing and shipping address and information about your interests in and use of various products, programs and services. 

For some features of the Sites, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you purchase a gift card or other merchandise online for another person and want it sent directly to the recipient, you may be able to submit the recipient's name, address and certain other contact information. We will use any such information that you provide to us about another person only for the purpose for which you submitted the information, such as delivering the gift card or other item to that person. 

**How might we use personal information?**

If you do provide us with personal information, we may retain and use that information for several purposes. We may store and process the information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services. We may also retain information about your previous online bookings or purchases of services or products in order to customize our Sites for your future visits to the Sites. 

In addition, we may use your personal information to send you information or updates about special offers, promotions, services and other items that might be of interest to you. However, we will not send any such communications to your e-mail address unless you have consented on the Sites (or otherwise) to receiving such communications by e-mail. You may indicate your consent to receiving such e-mail communications by opting in or choosing not to opt out, depending on the particular Site and web page on which you are given the opportunity to provide your consent. 

We may also use your personal information in order to process and fulfill any transactions that you request, such as entering you in sweepstakes or other contests, or booking online reservations and delivering gift cards, ski passes or other products purchased on the Sites (including any customary follow-up or confirmation communications regarding such transactions). 

**With whom might we share personal information?**

We sometimes use other businesses to perform certain services for us, such as fulfilling orders, making deliveries, sending postal mail, providing marketing assistance and data analysis and processing credit card payments. We may provide personal information, including credit card information, to those businesses when that information is necessary for them to complete a requested transaction or otherwise perform their duties. 

As Booth Creek or any of its resorts continue to evolve, we may buy other businesses or their assets or sell our business assets. Customer information is generally one of the business assets involved in such transactions. Thus, in the event that Booth Creek or substantially all of its assets were acquired, customer information would be one of the transferred assets. 

In addition, Booth Creek reserves the right to disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Booth Creek's rights or property, other users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. This includes our right to exchange information with other organizations in order to protect against fraud and to reduce credit risk. Booth Creek also reserves the right to disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. 

Except as set forth above, please note that we will not share your e-mail address with any third party without your prior consent. We have formed and may in the future form relationships with other businesses, such as promotional partners or sweepstakes sponsors, in order to enhance the information and services on the Sites, help promote the Sites or for other purposes. From time to time, we may share your personal information other than your e-mail address with those business partners, and you may receive periodic communications from such businesses, such as promotional offers available from Booth Creek or such businesses. Furthermore, many of the promotions on our Sites give visitors the opportunity to request additional information from the sponsors of those promotions. If you request more information, you give Booth Creek permission to provide your personal information (including e-mail address) to the sponsor so they can fulfill your request. Except as otherwise stated in this policy, your personal information will not be provided to any third party without your prior consent. 

**Cookies**

Booth Creek uses cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. All Sites on Booth Creek where you are prompted to log-in or that are customizable require that you accept cookies. 

We use cookies to ensure you obtain the information you request. The cookie(s) we pass to you are anonymous. They do not reveal your personal identity, they will not follow you throughout your travels on the Web, nor can they capture private data. Rather, these cookies establish a user session and allow our server to correctly provide the users with the appropriate frames and content. We track the usage of our Sites in order to modify the Sites according to our customers' needs. We pay attention to what information is requested and attempt to make it easier to find in the future. You always have the option of disabling cookies using your browser preferences. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, please be aware that some features of the Sites may not function properly or may be slower if you refuse cookies. You may occasionally get cookies from third parties with links on the Sites. Booth Creek does not control these cookies. The use of advertising cookies sent by third-party servers is standard in the Internet industry. 

**IP Addresses**

An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the Web. Web servers, the big computers that "serve up" Web pages, automatically identify your computer by its IP address. Booth Creek collects IP addresses for purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information to our advertisers, and to track the use of the Sites. When visitors request pages from the Sites, our servers log the visitors' IP addresses. It is not our practice to link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable, which means that a visitor's session will be logged, but the visitor remains anonymous to us. However, we reserve the right to use IP addresses to identify a visitor only when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with the Sites' policies or to protect our service or customers, the Sites, or others. 

**Links to other sites; "public" areas** Please be aware that when you are on the Sites, you could be directed to other sites that are beyond our control. There may be links to other sites from the Sites' pages that take you outside our Sites. These other sites may send their own cookies to visitors, collect data or solicit personal information. The privacy policies of these other sites may be significantly different from this privacy policy. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites and cannot guarantee the security of any of your personal information collected there. 

Please keep in mind that whenever you give out personal information on a "public" venue online (for example via bulletin board, chat rooms or chat groups), that information can be collected and used by people you don't know. If you chose to voluntarily disclose information on a bulletin board, chat room or other public venue on the Sites, this privacy policy will not cover such disclosure of information. We urge you to use caution when disclosing any personal information on these venues. 

**Does this policy apply to information that is not collected on the Internet?**

No. This privacy policy applies only to information collected on our Sites. It does not apply to information which we may collect by means other than over the Internet and it does not apply to businesses which may use our Sites. 

**What organization is collecting the information?**

Booth Creek, one of its resorts (the website addresses of which are listed above) or our hosting service alone is collecting the information during your visit to our Sites. 

**What kinds of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under the company's control?**

Protecting the security of your personal information is very important to us. Therefore, we have taken precautions to ensure that this information is safe and secure. We maintain your profile information on a secure server. To use some features on the Sites, we require that you create a password. We recommend that you do not disclose your password to any other person. In addition, when you transmit personal information from your PC to our servers, your information is protected by both a "firewall" (a combination of computer hardware and software that helps keep unauthorized visitors from accessing information within our computer network) and industry standard SSL (secure socket layer) encryption. Once we receive your transmission, we will take reasonable precautions to ensure its security on our systems. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while Booth Creek strives to protect your personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personal information. 

**What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?**

You can contact us by e-mail through any of our Sites or by phone at any of our resorts to request any changes to how we collect, or distribute any of your information or to unsubscribe to any newsletters, e-mail club e-mails or other communications you might be receiving from us, and we will use every reasonable effort to accommodate your request. Phone, address and e-mail address information can be found at each of our Sites. 

**What about children's privacy?**

The Sites are general audience web sites that comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). Children under 13 are only permitted to submit information to Booth Creek in certain limited circumstances. Any personal information that may be provided to the Sites from children under 13 years old will be collected and maintained in accordance with COPPA. While we encourage parents to supervise their children's online activities, we recognize that parents may not always be able to do so. Therefore, in addition to the foregoing provisions of this privacy policy, Booth Creek has adopted the following special policies to help ensure that parents will be able to know what information their children under 13 are providing to the Sites. 

_Collection and Use of Information; Parental Notice/Consent_

In accordance with COPPA, Booth Creek does not require a child under the age of 13 to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity as a condition of participation. 

We may collect a child's e-mail address in connection with a contest, sweepstakes or a question e-mailed to us by the child for the sole purpose of communicating with the child on a one-time-only basis (for example, to contact the winner of a contest or respond to a question). We will not use this information to recontact the child and we will delete it from our records once the game or contest is over. We will obtain written parental consent before sending any prizes to contest winners or posting any information about any winners on the Sites. 

We may collect a child's e-mail address and first name in order to respond directly to a specific request from the child more than once. For example, a child may want to receive a newsletter or other online communications about new features on the Sites or participate in a contest that involves more than a one-time contact. When a child submits such a request, we will obtain an e-mail address for the child's parent(s) along with the child's information. Before we make any additional response to the child's request, after our initial response, we will send an e-mail to the child's parent(s) that notifies the parent(s) that we have collected personal information from the child for the purpose of responding to the child's particular request and describes the personal information collected from the child, gives the parent(s) the opportunity to deny us permission to send any further responses to the child and to request that we delete the information we have collected from our records, and provides the parent(s) with a link to access this privacy policy. 

We may collect a child's name and e-mail address to the extent reasonably necessary to protect the security of the Sites, to protect against liability, or as required or permitted by law without obtaining a parent's consent. Information collected for these reasons will not be used for any other purpose. 

Prior to any other collection or use of personal information from a child under 13, Booth Creek shall obtain a parent's consent to such collection and use in accordance with COPPA. The parental consent is given for the specific purpose stated in the consent form and is not a blanket consent for collecting the child's information in the future or using the child's information for purposes other than those set forth in the consent form. We may seek a parent's consent to collect information such as a child's name, mailing address, e-mail address, hobbies, etc. _Sharing of Information_ The personal information collected from children under the age of 13 is not shared or forwarded by Booth Creek to business partners, advertisers or other third parties. _Parental Access_

Parents of children under age 13 may review or delete personal information about their children from our records at any time. If you would like to review or delete your child's personal information, please contact us at **[boothcreekinfo@boothcreek.com](mailto:boothcreekinfo@boothcreek.com)**. When a parent requests deletion of his or her child's information, we will use reasonable efforts to delete as much of the child's information from our database as possible and refrain from collecting any other personally identifiable information from such child. However, there may be residual information that will remain within our databases that may or may not contain personally identifiable information. This residual information will not be given to any other third party or used for any commercial purpose. 

**Questions**

If you have questions or inquiries about Booth Creek's privacy policy please contact [webmaster@boothcreek.com](mailto:webmaster@boothcreek.com)

(c) 2003 Booth Creek Ski Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved. 

* * *
