> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jakprints.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180128042534id_/http%3A//www.jakprints.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Jakprints, Inc

**Website Visitors**  
Like most website operators, Jakprints collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Jakprints's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how Jakprints's visitors use its website.

Jakprints also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Jakprints does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.

 **Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information**  
Certain visitors to Jakprints's websites choose to interact with Jakprints in ways that require Jakprints to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Jakprints gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. Those who engage in transactions with Jakprints are asked to provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to process those transactions. Jakprints does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below.

 **Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information**  
Jakprints discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on Jakprints's behalf or to provide services available at Jakprints's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using Jakprints's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. Jakprints will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations, as described above, Jakprints discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when Jakprints believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of Jakprints, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered user of an Jakprints website and have supplied your email address, Jakprints may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with Jakprints and our products. We primarily use blogs and social media to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Jakprints takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

 **Cookies**  
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Jakprints uses cookies to help Jakprints identify and track visitors, their usage of Jakprints website, and their website access preferences. Jakprints visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using Jakprints's websites, with the drawback that certain features of Jakprints's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

 **Privacy Policy Changes**  
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Jakprints may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Jakprints's sole discretion. Jakprints encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

Thanks to [Automattic](http://automattic.com/) for its Creative Commons Sharealike-licensed privacy policy.
