> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cobiro.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170623154621id_/http%3A//www.cobiro.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cobiro

Cobiro ApS, a company incorporated in Denmark (company registration number 37518336) with registered office at Amaliegade, 1256 Copenhagen K, Denmark (“Cobiro” or “we”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This privacy.

  1. **Information Collected**
    1. To provide you with the advertising services you have ordered, we need information about you. If you use Cobiro services, you are in control of what information we collect about you, but if you choose not to share your information, you may not be able to access or use some of our services.
    2. We will collect information about you when you use our services; advertise with us; set up, look at, or change your profile or account with us; ask for information from us or give us a testimonial or other feedback.
    3. The information we collect and hold about you may include your name (first and last name); business name; job title; business address; product data, phone and/or mobile phone numbers; email address; bank account, debit card and/or credit card details; date of birth; credit history, credit rating or credit score; password details, answers to security questions (for example your mother’s maiden name) or both; and any other information you may give us when you write to us or contact us in other ways.
    4. When you register for Cobiro services we collect your email address and mobile number. We may use it for account administration and for added security. We may use your email address or text via your mobile number to send you a confirmation of any order or booking you make, if you ask for our products or services and to confirm any profile or account changes you make. We might also use your email address or text via mobile number to bring you news such as changes to the way you can use Cobiro services or any of our other new services and special offers we think you might be interested in.
    5. Once you connect to the Cobiro platform your Google AdWords account a copy of campaigns and keywords and their performance will be temporarily downloaded to our platform. We might also temporarily download other data including product data and place a script on your website to measure conversions. By temporarily we mean that we 1) download the data, 2) process it, 3) upload necessary changes to Google AdWords, and 4) delete the data from our servers again.
  2. **How we will use information we collect about you**
    1. When you give us information while using the Cobiro services, we will use it for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, on the data entry forms, in any relevant terms or conditions and on pages or emails which link to the data entry forms.
    2. We store your historical product data permanently unless you terminate your account. We use the data to optimise your Google AdWords performance and deliver ecommerce analytics to you. If you terminate your account with Cobiro we store the data for 12 months from the day of expiry of your subscription before deleting them permanently. We keep the data for 12 months in case you decide to re-activate your subscription without losing all history and optimisation.
    3. We will track the usage of your website or other online advertising. We will aggregate information about the use of your website or other online advertising with that of our other customers. We will remove all personally identifying information before aggregating this data.
    4. We may use the information you give us about yourself when you register for Cobiro services to build up a picture of your interests. We may then use this information to try to make sure that when you visit our websites, you don’t miss offers and information that might interest you. This is called advert targeting.
    5. Your information will be used in the first place to provide the products, services or information you have asked for. We keep the information you provide and may use it for several purposes, including, accounting, billing and audit; credit checking or screening; credit, debit or other payment card verification and screening; debt collection; safety, security, administrative and legal purposes; analysing statistics, the market and marketing information; developing, testing and maintaining systems; studies, research and development; advertiser or user surveys; and customer services and to help us in any future dealings with you, for example by identifying your requirements and preferences.
    6. If you give us feedback, we may use it to improve our products and services and we may publish it online or offline to promote our business, products and services. We will ask for your permission before we publish it.
    7. We may ask you how we are performing or for your opinion on our products and services. When we do surveys we may use cookies and combine the information collected by those cookies with your answers. We will make sure that the survey results do not identify you, or anyone else who fills in our surveys.
  3. **Direct marketing**
    1. We offer you the chance to receive important news from Cobiro and information about our products and services, such as changes to the way you can use our services and new services and special offers you might be interested in. We may use your order history to send you information we think you may be interested in.
    2. Unless you tell us otherwise, we may contact you by phone, post, email, text message or any other way (electronic or otherwise). We will normally send you direct marketing by email if we have your email address.
    3. If you would like us to stop sending direct marketing to you, we offer simple ways for you to tell us to stop. Whenever you receive direct marketing from us, we will tell you how to unsubscribe.
    4. If you tell us that you do not want to receive direct marketing, we will still contact you in order to confirm and carry out any requests or orders you make with us and for administration purposes.
    5. If you previously chose not to receive direct marketing, but you have changed your mind and would now like to receive news, information and special offers from us, you can sign back up again at any time.
    6. You have the right to ask us not to use your personal information for marketing purposes. We will tell you when we collect your personal details if we are planning to use them for marketing purposes or if we plan to pass them to any other organisation for marketing purposes.
  4. **Who we may share your personal information with**
    1. We may need to share your information with other organisations to provide you with the products, services or information you ask for. Inparticular we will need to share your information with Google who already holds much of your data within the Adwords system. We may also pass your information to one or more of the following organisations: other companies in our corporate group; credit checking or screening service providers; payment processing organisations (such as PayPal); debt collection agencies; data processing companies; mailing houses working on our behalf; government and enforcement agencies and the police.
  5. **Where we process your personal information**
    1. When we use your information, this may occasionally involve sending your information outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Where we do this, we make sure that appropriate steps are taken to protect your personal information and your rights. By providing us with your personal information, you agree that we may transfer, store and process your information outside the EEA.
  6. **How to keep your information up to date**
    1. You can view and update your personal details quickly and easily by logging onto your profile page.
  7. **How we keep your information secure**
    1. We take the security of your personal information very seriously. We have put in place technology and security policies which are designed to protect the personal information that we hold about you. We also follow the strict security procedures that privacy laws require. These cover storing, using and releasing any information you have provided, and preventing unauthorised access or use. We work with the payment provider Stripe that has a PCI Level 1 approval, which means that they have VISA and Mastercards highest safety approval and are allowed to store your card data. Cobiro does not store your card data and we only send the data encrypted directly to Stripe without storing it. All information you enter at Cobiro is encrypted by SSL, which is a security standard also used by banks and other to secure data.
  8. **Other websites**
    1. Our website may contain hyperlinks to websites that are owned and operated by other organisations. These websites have their own privacy and cookie policies, and we urge you to read them. They control how your personal information is used when you give it to these other organisations or they collect it with cookies. We do not approve any other websites and we are not responsible for any information, material, products or services that are on or accessible through those websites or for the privacy practices of websites run by other organisations. If you use these other websites you do it at your own risk.
  9. **Cookies**
    1. This website uses cookies to better the your experience while visiting the website. Cookies are small files saved to the users computers hard drive that track, save and store information about your interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through it's server to provide you with a tailored experience within this website. You are advised that if you wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to your computer’s hard drive you should take necessary steps within your web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and it's external serving vendors. This website uses tracking software to monitor it's visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website but will not store, save or collect personal information. Other cookies may be stored to your computers hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 90 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
  10. **Your rights to you personal information**
    1. You have the right to see information we hold about you (with some exceptions, which are described in the privacy laws). If you would like a copy of your personal information, you should contact us at [privacy@cobiro.com](mailto:privacy@cobiro.com). You can also change the personal details we hold by contacting us at [privacy@cobiro.com](mailto:privacy@cobiro.com).
  11. **How we can make changes to this privacy policy**
    1. We may update this privacy policy from time to time so you may want to check it each time you give us personal information or look at or change your personal details on our websites. We welcome your questions, comments and requests about this privacy policy. Please contact. Please feel free to contact us at [privacy@cobiro.com](mailto:privacy@cobiro.com)


