> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pltw.org privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170204145834id_/https%3A//www.pltw.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | PLTW

**Introduction.** This website, including other features, applications, emails, content, downloads, products or services of the website (collectively, the “Site”) has been developed as part of the charitable and educational activities of Project Lead The Way, Inc. (“PLTW”) to assist and support educational institutions in providing students with a quality, effective science, technology engineering and math (“STEM”) curriculum and to promote STEM education. It is the intent of PLTW to comply in all material respects with all applicable privacy laws, and we are strongly committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. Please carefully read this policy before using the Site and providing any information through the Site.

**User Consent to Privacy Policy.** Any person accessing, browsing, or otherwise using the Site, either manually or via an automated device or program, shall be considered a "User." All Users are bound by the terms of this privacy policy and PLTW’s Terms of Use Agreement. Users consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of personally identifiable user information and anonymous browsing information (collectively "information") to the extent not prohibited by law. If you do not consent to this policy, please do not access, browse, or use this Site. 

**Scope.** This policy includes any separate privacy notices and/or notices posted on particular pages of the Site or disclosures that may provide more detail regarding personal information we collect, why we need that information, and choices you may have about the ways we use that information. 

If you sign up to use a special feature of the Site, you may be asked to expressly consent to special terms, for example, by affirmatively checking a box or clicking a button marked, “I agree.” This separate agreement will supplement or amend this Policy, but only with respect to the matters governed by such separate agreement. 

If you are located outside of the United States, please note that any personal information collected through this Site may be transferred to the United States and other countries that might not provide an equivalent level of protection as the data protection laws in your home country. Your use of this Site or submission of any personal information will therefore constitute your express consent to the collection, use, disclosure, processing and storage of your personal information outside of your home country.  

**Donor Privacy Policy.** Any information PLTW collects from its donors is used by PLTW for internal purposes only, such as program implementation, tax reporting, legal compliance, or budgeting, and is shared with board members, staff and third parties for these purposes only.  Otherwise, donor information shall be kept strictly confidential by Project Lead The Way, its board members, staff and volunteers, unless permission is obtained from individuals or organizations to release such information. Project Lead The Way is committed to respecting the privacy of its donors. 

**Registration Procedures and Information Provided.** Certain portions of the Site are only accessible to registered users, and such access is subject to additional terms and conditions available through the registration process.   


**Personal Information.** PLTW collects personal information in the registration processes described above or from Users who voluntarily provide such information in order to participate in numerous services and activities available on the Site. For example, Users may elect to complete an online profile, to communicate with other Users via email and other mediums, or to take advantage of other services through the Site. Personal information collected from a parent, teacher, administrator and/or student can include, for example, a name, address, email address, date of birth, and/or telephone number. We may also collect IP addresses, user names and passwords. This list is not exhaustive as certain information is gathered automatically when you use the Site and you may provide additional information voluntarily when using the Site. Anonymous browsing information, aggregated data or other information which does not contain any personally identifiable information may be used by PLTW for quality assurance, improvement, contextual marketing and other similar, lawful activities. 

**Disclosure of Information to Third Parties.** PLTW may share information that it collects or receives regarding its Users with third parties as required for the operation of the Site,enforcement of the terms of use or privacy policy for the Site, or as permitted by law. In most circumstances, information is shared only at the request of a User, to process a request for a User, or to provide a service to a User. If PLTW will share information with a third party, it will implement measures to have the third party keep this information secure and confidential. PLTW complies with the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA), which prohibits the release of education records without student permission, and other applicable online privacy laws. 

**Cookies.** A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. The Site, and the portal and platforms on the Site, use session ID cookies and persistent cookies. The session cookies are used to make it easier for you to navigate the Site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period. You may remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser’s “help” file. 

A persistent cookie is set to store your User Name and Password, so you do not have to enter it more than once. Persistent cookies also enable the ability for the Site to track and target the interests of a user in order to enhance the experience of the user on the Site. 

If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some areas of our Site, may be limited. 

We do not currently collect, and it is not our policy to permit third parties to collect “targeted”cookies (persistent identifiers tracking users across different sites and services) for purposes of advertising. In addition, we do not currently respond to “Do Not Track (DNT)” browser signals. 

**Linked Internet Websites.** This Site may provide hyperlinks, which are highlighted words or pictures within a hypertext document, that, when clicked, take you to another place within the document, to another document altogether, or may take you to a third party website not controlled by PLTW. Any hyperlinked third party websites may collect, use, and disclose information in a manner different than the Site. PLTW is not responsible for the collection, use, or disclosure of information collected through these websites and expressly disclaims any and all liability related to such collection, use, or disclosure. 

Chat Rooms, Journals and WebLogs, Message Boards, Classifieds, and Public Forums. These areas are only available to eligible and registered users. Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post public information to journals, weblogs, message boards, classifieds, or any other public forum, then that information can be accessed by the public and can in turn be used by those people to send you unsolicited communications. You should use discretion in providing information in these areas. PLTW is not responsible for the review, collection, use, or disclosure of information collected through such public forums and expressly disclaims any and all liability related to such collection, use, or disclosure. 

PLTW does not share any information with third parties except as stated above, as required by law, as needed to protect the rights of others, or to enforce the terms of use for the Site. 

**Security.** PLTW maintains reasonable administrative, physical, and technological measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity and security of personal information you submit on or through this Site. PLTW also takes reasonable steps to release such personal information only to parties capable of maintaining its confidentiality, integrity and security. 

**Privacy of Children.** As a service provider to educational institutions, PLTW is committed to protecting the privacy of children, including any children under the age of 13. We adhere to the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and do not knowingly register or otherwise collect personally identifiable information from any child under the age of 13 without the prior verifiable consent of the child’s parent or guardian. Any student information collected by PLTW on or through the Site is collected solely for the benefit of such students and their school systems, and for no other commercial purpose. Accordingly, schools that we contract with act as a parent’s/guardian’s agent for obtaining consent for the collection of a child’s personal information on the parent’s/guardian’s behalf. Notwithstanding the foregoing, PLTW will provide to parents/guardians, upon request, a description of the types of personal information collected on the Site; an opportunity to review the child’s personal information and/or have the information deleted; and the opportunity to prevent further use or online collection of a child’s personal information. Subject to any legal and/or regulatory record keeping requirements, PLTW retains personal information collected from a child for only as long as is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected and deletes such personal information using reasonable measures to protect against its unauthorized access or use. 

**Access**. You have the right to access your personal information stored with us to ensure that it is accurate, complete and current. Upon request, we will grant you reasonable access, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy or where the rights of other persons would be violated. In addition, we will take reasonable steps to correct, amend or delete information that you can independently demonstrate is inaccurate or incomplete. You may withdraw your consent to the collection, use and transfer your personal information. However, please note that, by withdrawing your consent, it may be impossible for us to continue to provide you with certain services. 

**Storage.** PLTW retains personal information collected under this Policy for as long as there is a business need for it in accordance with applicable record retention policies and a range of legal and regulatory record keeping requirements. 

**Amendments to Policy.** PLTW reserves the right to amend this policy periodically. Any amendments made to this policy will be considered effective immediately after the amended policy is posted on the Site. 

 **Contacting Us.** If you have any questions regarding this policy, please contact us at [solutioncenter@pltw.org](mailto:solutioncenter@pltw.org). 

**Updated: December 2015**
