> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mikroe.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181023032006id_/https%3A//www.mikroe.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - MikroElektronika

MikroElektronika website, online services, interactive applications, email messages, and advertisements may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons. These technologies help us better understand user behavior, tell us which parts of our website people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.

MikroElektronika uses cookies and other technologies in mobile advertising services to control the number of times you see a given ad, deliver ads that relate to your interests, and measure the effectiveness of ad campaigns.

MikroElektronika also uses cookies and other technologies to remember personal information when you use our website, online services, and applications. Our goal in these cases is to make your experience with MikroElektronika more convenient and personal. For example, knowing your first name lets us welcome you the next time you visit the MikroElektronika Online Store. Knowing your country and language – and if you are an educator, your school – helps us provide a customized and more useful shopping experience. Knowing someone using your computer or device has shopped for a certain product or used a particular service helps us make our advertising and email communications more relevant to your interests. And knowing your contact information helps us provide you with better customer service.

If you want to disable cookies please note that certain features of the MikroElektronika website will not be available once cookies are disabled.

As is true of most websites, we gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.

We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. MikroElektronika may use this information in our marketing and advertising services.

In some of our email messages, we use a “click-through URL” linked to content on the MikroElektronika website. When customers click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate web server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click text or graphic links in the email messages.
