> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nbwebexpress.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171219010832id_/http%3A//www.newbalance.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Last Updated: September 25, 2017

Thank you for placing your trust in New Balance. You are very important to us and we want to provide you with a safe and secure online experience. This Privacy Policy describes how we collect and use your information and explains the choices that you have with regard to how we use your information. 

This Privacy Policy applies to the following services operated by New Balance Athletics, Inc. and its affiliates ("New Balance", "we", "us", or "our"): 

  * www.newbalance.com and other websites owned and/or operated by New Balance that contain a link to this Privacy Policy (collectively, the "Website"); 
  * all mobile applications that contain a link to this Privacy Policy or, in the case of mobile applications on the New Balance RunIQ smartwatch, that are activated by or connected to a mobile application on another mobile device that contains a link to this Privacy Policy (each such mobile application, a “New Balance App”); 
  * all services made available by New Balance through the Website and the New Balance Apps; and 
  * the New Balance loyalty program known as “MyNB” (including both in-store and web site registrations).



For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, the foregoing are referred to, collectively, as the "Service”.

This Privacy Policy applies whether you are a "Visitor" (which means that you simply browse the Service) or you are a "Member" (which means that you have registered or transacted with the Service or a component thereof). By accessing, viewing and/or using the Service and/or providing us with information through the Service, you are indicating your consent to be bound by this Privacy Policy. We suggest that you review this Privacy Policy periodically as we will update and change it from time to time. 

## WHAT INFORMATION DOES NEW BALANCE COLLECT ABOUT ME?

### Non-Individually Identifiable Data:

As is the case with most online services, every time you visit, access and/or use our Service, we automatically collect certain data and information from you and/or your computer that is not personally identifiable. Examples of this type of information may include: 

  * The type of Internet browser you are using 
  * The type of computer operating system and device you are using to access the Service
  * The domain name of your Internet service provider
  * The Web page from which you came 
  * The pages and features you visit and access on our Service
  * RunIQ usage information (e.g., battery, screen and sensor usage)



When you visit, access and/or use our Service, we may track your visit and, as described below in the section concerning "cookies", collect certain data regarding your use of the Service and your activity on the Service, but we will not collect any Personal Information from you unless you choose to provide it to us or agree that it may be collected. 

We use third party analytics tools, including those offered by Google, Inc. ("Google") and Adobe Systems Incorporated ("Adobe"). These third party services use cookies to help us analyze how users use our Website and our New Balance Apps. The information generated by the cookie about your use of our Website and our New Balance Apps (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google and Adobe, respectively. Google and Adobe will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our Website and our New Balance Apps, compiling reports on activity for website and application operators and providing other services relating to online activity and Internet usage. Google and Adobe may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on behalf of Google or Adobe. We also use Adobe Analytics. To opt-out of the use of Adobe cookies on our Services for analytics purposes, please visit Adobe's opt-out page: http://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html. To opt-out of Google analytics, please see: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. 

New Balance may collect your geolocation data through the Services for purposes of offering relevant content and services. Geolocation data consists of general location information based on latitude and longitude (if you have enabled location services for a New Balance application on your mobile device), or New Balance may approximate your location based on the IP address of your computer or mobile device. 

### Personal Information:

#### General

In general, you can use our Service without providing us with any personally identifiable information, such as your name, email address, postal address, phone number, gender, credit card information or other information necessary to process your order (all such personally identifiable information, collectively, "Personal Information"). However, in order to place an order, reserve an order for in-store pickup, register for and/or participate in MyNB or use certain services and features made available through our Service, you will be required to provide certain Personal Information. 

When you make a purchase from New Balance, request to sign up for email, direct mail or SMS Text notices, register for and/or participate in MyNB, we collect Personal Information that you elect to provide to us. Your submission of this Personal Information is entirely voluntary; however, if you elect not to provide this Personal Information, some of the services and/or features available on and/or through the Service may not be available for your use. 

We also collect Personal Information when you register for "My Account", register for and/or participate in MyNB, participate in a contest, event or sweepstakes promotion, provide feedback, fill out a survey or contact us (for example via email or by selecting "Ask the Expert" from the Service). We may also obtain data through your Internet browser, such as your IP Address, which is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer when you use the Internet. 

#### My Account

If you elect to register for "My Account", you will have the option to store your credit card information with our Service. This feature, which is entirely optional, is provided as a convenience for you so that you will not need to re-enter your full credit card information each time you make a purchase through the Service. If you elect to take advantage of this feature, please be aware that, as a security precaution, we will not store your CCV number. You will be required to input this information prior to placing an order. If you elect to store your credit card number in the "My Account" feature, you will have the ability to change your mind and remove your credit card number from storage at any time by logging into "My Account" and making the appropriate change. 

#### MyNB

If you elect to register for MyNB, you will be asked to provide certain registration details. In addition, when you participate in MyNB, we will collect information about your purchases and your participation in activities that generate loyalty points. If you register for MyNB in a New Balance licensed store, that store will also receive access to the Personal Information that you submit when registering for MyNB. 

#### Licensed Stores

Our licensed stores, which are independently owned, may also collect Personal Information which may or may not be shared with us. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the licensed stores other to the extent New Balance itself may use Personal Information of those licensed stores. 

#### RunIQ

If you are a RunIQ user, you may elect to install and use third party applications on RunIQ. The data collection and use practices and policies any such these third party applications are established by the third party providers. However, if you elect to use a third party application, our New Balance Apps may facilitate the transfer to such third party of the information that you have elected to share with such third party. 

#### NB Hitclub

If you have signed up to use the Zepp Baseball mobile application (the “Zepp App”) made available by Zepp, Inc. (“Zepp”) and choose to use the NB Hitclub feature included in the Zepp App (the “NB Hitclub”) to view the NB Hitclub leaderboards and/or be eligible for any prizes, Zepp will provide to us certain Personal Information that you have provided to Zepp when registering for the Zepp App, including but not limited to your name, email address, age and location. The data collection and use practices and policies of Zepp will be as established by the Zepp when you signed up for the Zepp App. New Balance will use your Personal Information provided to us by Zepp in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you participate in and win or place in any challenges provided through the NB Hitclub, we may request additional Personal Information from you, such as your mailing address, which we will need to send you any prizes.

#### NB Pace Setters

If you elect to participate in the NB Pace Setters online community (“NB Pace Setters”), you will be asked to provide certain registration details, including your name, email address, age, gender and state of residence. You will also be required to create a username, which will be used to publicly identify you in NB Pace Setters. We will use your Personal Information that you provide when registering for and otherwise participating in NB Pace Setters to administer and manage NB Pace Setters, to send you various surveys administered through NB Pace Setters and for the other purposes described in this Privacy Policy.

#### E-Gifting

Gift Giver: If you choose to send a gift to someone and notify the recipient of the gift using the electronic gift service available on the Website (an “e-gift”), after you click the “Gift This” button, you will be asked to provide information about yourself, including your name, email address and phone number. This information will be shared with our e-gifting technology provider, SmartGift, Inc., for the purpose of administering the e-gifting services, including providing you a link to the gift and sending you updates via email and/or text message regarding the status of the gift after it is sent to the recipient. Once the gift recipient has accepted the gift, SmartGift will notify you via email and/or text message and you may complete the purchase on the Website. If you choose to enter the recipient’s email address into the applicable field during checkout, you represent and warrant that you have received consent from the gift recipient to provide such information to New Balance, including the recipient’s consent to receive the email notification of the gift, which information will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Gift Recipient: If a gift giver has elected to send you a New Balance gift using an e-gift notice, you will receive a link to the gift from the gift giver. If you open the link, you may customize the gift or swap it for a similarly priced item. After you “accept” the original gift or swapped item, you will be asked to provide information about yourself, including your name, email address, shipping information and phone number. This information will be shared with:

  1. The gift giver via email and/or text message, in order for the gift giver to complete the purchase of the gift on the Website;
  2. SmartGift, in order for SmartGift to administer the e-gifting services, including providing you updates via email and/or text message regarding the status of the gift after it is accepted; and 
  3. New Balance, in order for New Balance to facilitate the purchase, and otherwise to use in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.



By using the Service or by providing us with Personal Information, you are consenting to this Privacy Policy and to our use of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Information to us through the Service, you acknowledge and agree that your Personal Information is stored on servers hosted in the United States of America and/or in other third countries. Your Personal Information is subject to the laws of the countries in which it is stored and used, and the privacy legislation of these countries may differ from those applicable to your country of residence. Under the applicable laws, the courts, organizations responsible for applying the legislation, regulatory agencies or safety authorities may under some circumstances be authorized to access your Personal Information. By giving us your Personal Information, you agree to allow it to be transferred to the United States of America, and third countries, and you acknowledge and agree that the country in which your Personal Information is stored and process may have a different legal regime for protecting Personal Information than that of your country of residence.

## HOW DO YOU USE THE DATA THAT IS COLLECTED FROM OR ABOUT ME

The Personal Information we receive allows us to enable your use of our Service, process your order, create an account for you through the “My Account” service and update the information in the “My Account” service, register you for MyNB, personalize our product offering and improve your experience with our Service, making it more convenient, efficient and enjoyable. We may use the non individually identifiable data information and Personal Information that you submit to us or that is otherwise collected from you through the Service to: 

  * Customize your communications and shopping experience. 
  * Process your purchase, confirm your orders and communicate to you about account information or customer service needs. 
  * Provide you with a print catalog via postal mail. 
  * Process your registration for MyNB and administer your participation in this program. 
  * Adapt the content and layout of our Websites and New Balance Apps tailored to your needs and so you do not have to enter information more than once. 
  * Notify you about new products and services, special offerings and other promotions. 
  * Coordinate contests, promotions, surveys or other features of our Service. 
  * Improve our business to better respond to your needs.



If you register for MyNB in a New Balance licensed store, that store will also receive access to the Personal Information that you submit when registering for MyNB and may use that Personal Information in order to provide you with information about products that may be of interest to you or otherwise communicate with you. 

## HOW DO YOU SHARE MY INFORMATION?

### Third Party Service Providers:

For the purpose of operating our business, we may transfer your Personal Information to our third party service providers who use that information only to conduct New Balance business. For example, these third party service providers may handle New Balance credit card processing, shipping, data management, email distribution, information analysis, promotions management and other services for New Balance. We provide our preferred service providers with the Personal Information they need to perform their services and work with them to respect and protect your Personal Information. 

### Aggregated Data:

We may use your Personal Information that is aggregated and no longer personally identifiable for purposes such as reporting and marketing and we may disclose aggregated information to various third parties. 

### Legal Requirements:

We may disclose Personal Information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, when required by law, to enforce our website policies, or to protect our or others' rights, property or safety. We may also share Personal Information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation. We do not provide Personal Information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes. 

### New Balance Licensed Stores:

From time to time, we may make available certain Personal Information to New Balance licensed stores for marketing and promotional purposes. Further, if you reserve a product through our “Reserve & Pickup in Store” feature on the Website, we may make your Personal Information available to the licensed store so that the licensed store may fulfill that order. If you prefer not to have your Personal Information released to these New Balance licensed stores for marketing and promotional purposes, please let us know by sending an e-mail to CustomerCare@newbalance.com. However, in order to reserve an order through the “Reserve & Pickup in Store” feature, you will be required to provide certain Personal Information that will be shared with a licensed store in order to facilitate the payment for and pickup of the applicable merchandise. New Balance licensed stores have their own privacy practices and Personal Information released to the New Balanced licensed stores will not be subject to this Privacy Policy once it is released to the New Balance licensed store(s). If you have questions about the privacy policies and/or practices of the New Balance licensed store at which you will pick-up the applicable merchandise, we suggest that you contact the applicable New Balanced licensed store prior to reserving the applicable order. 

### Cooperative Databases:

In connection with the distribution of our print catalogs and other marketing materials, we participate in cooperative data sharing databases. The participants of these databases provide customer names, mailing addresses and information about their customers' purchasing history to the database vendor which allows the database participants to segment and/or obtain access to potentially interested parties to which they may wish to target their own promotions. If you prefer not to have your name, email address and mailing address released to these cooperative databases, please let us know by sending an e-mail to CustomerCare@newbalance.com. 

### Targeted Product Recommendations and Other Communications:

We use third-party companies to help serve targeted product recommendations and other communications. To enable these companies to provide you with targeted recommendations and other communications, we may provide these companies with certain Personal Information about you, such as your name, address and email address, as well as your transaction history. These companies may use data about you in order to provide recommendations for products and services that might be of interest to you. If you wish to opt-out of this program, please let us know by sending an e-mail to CustomerCare@newbalance.com. 

### Distributors and Other Third Parties Involved in The Girls Night Out Program:

If you register to participate in one of New Balance’s Girls Night Out Events, the information that you provide may be shared with New Balance’s affiliates, third party licensees, distributors and other third parties that are involved with organizing and marketing the Girls Night Out event. If you wish to opt-out of New Balance sharing your information, please let us know by sending an email to: CustomerCare@newbalance.com. 

### MyNB:

If you are a member of MyNB, New Balance may disclose certain of your Personal Information to third parties that assist New Balance with the administration of MyNB. In addition, if you register for MyNB in a New Balance licensed store, the store will receive your registration information. If you make a purchase in a New Balance licensed store and provide your MyNB account information, that store may be able to access certain of your Personal Information to ensure that you receive proper MyNB points for your purchase. 

Except as otherwise disclosed in this Privacy Policy or with your prior consent, we will not sell, trade or rent Personal Information to other companies as part of our regular course of business. However, it's possible that we might acquire or merge with or be acquired by another company or that we might dispose of some or all of our assets. If that happens, your Personal Information may be disclosed to another company, but that disclosure will be subject to the Privacy Policy in effect. 

## WHAT ABOUT INFORMATION THAT I POST TO BLOGS AND OTHER PUBLIC AREAS OF THE SERVICE?

This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Information collected by New Balance through means other than the Service. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide through the Service or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Service, such as the New Balance blog, any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and/or other unsolicited submissions (collectively, "Unsolicited Information"). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and New Balance shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, and distribute such Unsolicited Information to others without limitation or attribution. You should exercise caution before you post Personal Information that you post in public forums, such as the a New Balance blog. Once you release your Personal Information for posting on public forums, New Balance cannot and will not be responsible for the privacy and/or security of such information. 

## HOW DO I KNOW MY PERSONAL INFORMATION IS SECURE?

We have a variety of security measures to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of your Personal Information that we have collected from you from the Service. To ensure the information you provide online is secure during transmission, we use encryption technology and Secure Socket Layers (SSL) while processing any Personal Information you supply. 

These controls are certified by DigiCert®. You can review our security certificate using your browser by clicking on the closed lock or solid key image at the bottom of your browser on any of the secure pages on our site. This will display our Service security information. 

Our Service provides you the ability to store your credit card number in the "My Account" section of our Service. To protect your security, we encrypt all stored credit card numbers and we do not store your card's CCV number. For others, we may temporarily store the entire encrypted credit card number when it is necessary to manually contact a credit card company for verification. 

## WHAT ARE COOKIES, WEB BEACONS AND PIXEL TAGS? HOW DOES NEW BALANCE USE THEM?

A cookie is a small removable data file stored by your Web browser on your computer. Cookies allow you to browse and place an order on our site and let us make shopping more convenient for you. We place a unique identifier in the cookie and use the cookie to connect your computer with the information we store for you in our database. 

Some examples of how we use cookies are to:

     Enable you to select products, place them in your shopping cart and make a purchase. 

     Recognize you when you come back to our site(s). 

     Alert you to new areas that may be of interest to you. 

     Customize content that may be helpful to you.

Cookies do not contain any Personal Information and they do not give us access to your computer. 

You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your Internet browser (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox) settings. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. Each browser is a little different, so check your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookie settings. However, if you choose to turn cookies off, you won't be able to purchase on our site or have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and convenient. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by calling Customer Care toll-free at 1-800-595-9138. 

Pixel tags and Web beacons are tiny graphic images that allow us or preferred service providers to track non-personally identifiable analytic information about your visit to our Service (such as pages viewed or links clicked). Pixel tags and Web beacons also let us know when you have opened an HTML email from us. Using this information we are able to understand how Visitors and Members use our service. This allows us to learn what pages are most attractive to our Visitors, which parts of the Service are the most interesting and what kind of offers our Members like to see. 

At present, New Balance does not respond to "Do Not Track" (DNT) signals and operates as described in this Privacy Policy whether or not a DNT signal is received. If we do so in the future, we will describe how we do so in this Privacy Policy. 

## WHAT IS THE NEW BALANCE CHILDREN'S PRIVACY POLICY?

We do not knowingly ask for Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13 (a "Child"). If a Child submits Personal Information to us and we know that the person providing the information is a Child, we will not use it for any purpose. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete the information as soon as we discover it and we will not disclose it to third parties. If you become aware that a Child has provided Personal Information to our site, please email us CustomerCare@newbalance.com or call Customer Care toll-free at 1-800-595-9138. 

While New Balance's policy prohibits children under 13 from registering with the Service, parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from disclosing online their name, address and other Personal Information without parental permission. 

## PHOTO SHARING

Simply use the hashtags referred to by New Balance to tag your photos on Instagram or Twitter. By participating, you acknowledge and give your consent that your photos may be featured on our Website, and be used to link through to the products you're wearing. 

By tagging and sharing your pictures, you are granting New Balance and its service provider, Olapic, Inc., a license to use your photos and post them on our Website. Olapic, Inc. helps New Balance provide the photo-sharing process. 

To remove a photo, please click report icon (remove it from the site), fill out the pop-up, click report, and upon confirmation the photo will be removed. 

When you submit a photo (via Instagram or Twitter) using a hashtag set forth by New Balance, your use of Instagram and Twitter is governed by the terms and conditions of those sites. 

## HOW DO LINKS FROM NEW BALANCE TO OTHER SITES AFFECT ME?

At times, we may provide links from our Website and New Balance Apps to other websites and applications operated by third parties. These links are provided only for your convenience and intended to add value to your visit. However, by including these links, even if affiliated with New Balance, we do not have control over these websites and applications, which are independent from New Balance and have separate privacy policies and terms and conditions. When leaving our Website and New Balance Apps, you need to be aware that our policies no longer apply. Therefore, we will not be responsible for the accuracy, relevancy, availability, reliability, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in third party websites and applications linked to our Website and New Balance Apps. We strongly encourage you to review the terms and privacy policies of any third-party websites and applications before using their sites. 

## HOW CAN I OPT-OUT/UNSUBSCRIBE FROM NEW BALANCE EMAIL, DIRECT MAIL, SMS TEXT OR TRANSMISSIONS TO THIRD PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS?

If for any reason you would like to stop receiving any emails sent by New Balance that notify you of upcoming events, promotions, sales, new products or contain other commercial communications, simply click the unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of every email and every page of our Website. This will direct you to an unsubscribe page where you can remove your name from either the email or New Balance direct mail sign-up. By registering for MyNB, you are indicating your consent to receive commercial emails about MyNB. However, you can elect to opt-out of receiving these emails at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link that is included on each commercial email about MyNB. 

To opt-out of SMS Text messages you will need to use your mobile device. Simply text "STOP" to 746762 or send a request to CustomerCare@newbalance.com. 

Please note that if you decide to opt-out of all third-party transmissions of your Personal Information, we may not be able to process your order. 

## HOW CAN I ACCESS, UPDATE OR DELETE "MY ACCOUNT" INFORMATION?

Accounts on the Site may be created during the ordering process. You can login to or manage your account by clicking the "My Account" link at the top of any page. After logging in, you will be able to modify your contact information, update your billing and shipping addresses and/or view past orders. To delete your account completely, please contact Customer Care toll-free at 1-800-595-9138 or email CustomerCare@newbalance.com. For security purposes, credit card information is not saved with your account. Remember that you are responsible for protecting the user name and password for your account and, as set forth in the Terms and Conditions, you will be responsible for all activity occurring through the use of your user name and password. 

## What if I have more questions about the New Balance Privacy Policy?

If you have any questions or concerns including a request to be added to or taken off a list, please contact Customer Care toll-free at 1-800-595-9138 or email CustomerCare@newbalance.com. 
