> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 12twenty.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150420063859id_/http%3A//www.12twenty.com/Home/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 12Twenty | Data Made Simple

12Twenty, Inc. ("12Twenty", "we", "us" and "our") is committed to safeguarding your privacy and trust. This Privacy Policy applies to data and information collected by 12Twenty through the www.12Twenty.com domain name (the "12Twenty Website" or "Website"), as well as through 12Twenty's proprietary software and technology (collectively, the "Services"). The use of information collected through our Services shall be limited to the purpose of providing the service for which our customers have engaged 12Twenty. 

12Twenty, Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with TRUSTe’s [Program Requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy_seals_and_services/consumer_privacy/privacy-programs-requirements.html) and the [TRUSTed Cloud Program Requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy-program-requirements/TRUSTed-cloud/) including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Web site, www.12Twenty.com and our Service platform. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at [support@12Twenty.com](mailto:support@SalaryView.com). If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact [TRUSTe here](http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint). 

## 1\. Introduction

12Twenty works by collecting and aggregating recruiting analytics, including salary information, interview questions, job offer data, and company/industry details. The collection of this information from current and past students at your school to provide you with details that are relevant to you. This information is also shared with your university, career services' office, peers and a consortium of universities in the 12Twenty community. By providing a set of powerful research tools, 12Twenty allows you to find information based on multiple levels of criteria such as function, industry, location, company size, and more. By default, your account is set up to share the information that we have found the vast majority of our users are interested in sharing. 

## 2\. Information We Collect

A. _Information provided to us_

12Twenty is a platform used by both yourself and your university. Your university may register you before you become a 12Twenty member and provide us your name, email address, degree program, and graduation year. When you sign up to become a member of 12Twenty, you can confirm such information and provide us other information about yourself such as your career preferences and job and education history. Any information provided to us at registration may be used by 12Twenty as described in our Terms of Service and this Privacy Policy. 

B. _Information we collect when you interact with 12Twenty_

When you visit our website [www.12Twenty.com](http://www.12twenty.com/), you may choose to contact us with general inquiries, request a demo of our Services, or refer us to the offices of your university’s Career Center. If you chose to contact us in these ways, we may collect standard personal information such as name, email, job title, and phone number, professional information such as school, degree type or job title, and information about your university’s Career Center, including the name and email of the publicly listed contact there. 

As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data.

We use this information, which does not identify individual users, to analyze trends, to administer the site, to track users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do not link this automatically-collected data to personal information.

We use "cookies" to collect non-personal information. Cookies are small pieces of data we store for an extended period of time on your computer, mobile phone, or other device to make 12Twenty easier to use and to protect both you and 12Twenty. For example, we use them to store your login ID (but never your password) to make it easier for you to login whenever you come back to 12Twenty. You can remove or block cookies using the settings in your browser, but in some cases that may affect your ability to use all of the features of 12Twenty. The use of cookies by our affiliates and service providers is not covered by our privacy policy. We do not have access or control over these cookies.

C. _Information Related to Data Collected through the 12Twenty Services_

As stated above, 12Twenty collects some personal information about you under the direction of your university, prior to any direct relationship established with you through signing up for our Services. 12Twenty works with universities to help them provide notice to their students concerning the purpose for which personal information is collected.

_Choice:_ If you are a student at a university that works with 12Twenty, and prefer to decline having your information shared in the aggregate by others outside of your school's career services office, please contact them to request that your information not be shared. If you are a student at a university that works with 12Twenty and would no longer like to be contacted, please contact the university directly. Your universities’ privacy standards and practices concerning the sharing of your personal information with third parties are not governed by this privacy policy. Contact your school's career services office for information about their privacy policy regarding your personal information. 

_Sub-Processors:_ 12Twenty may transfer personal information to companies that help us provide our service. We use sub-processors in order to [send emails on behalf of our clients.] Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the provisions in this Policy regarding notice and choice and the service agreements with participating universities.

_Access:_ 12Twenty has no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data it processes. If you seek access to the information you have directly provided to us through the use of our Services to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data, you may do so through the settings in your user profile. If you seek to access data about you that has been provided to us by your university, you should direct your query to entities at your university you interact with directly. If your university requests 12Twenty to remove some or all of the data they have provided to us, we will respond to their request within 30 days or less. 

_Data Retention:_ 12Twenty will retain personal information we process on behalf of participating universities for as long as needed to provide services to them. We will retain and use this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

## 3\. How We Use and Share Information

By providing information or allowing your university to provide information to us for the purposes of creating your 12Twenty account or adding any additional information, you are expressly and voluntarily accepting the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy as 12Twenty's Terms of Service that allow 12Twenty to process information about you.

When you enter information into our main website, we’ll respond to your general inquiry or request for a demo as soon as we can. When you use the 12Twenty Services, your information is aggregated with the information of other 12Twenty users to generate various employment statistics. Your information is also used in the aggregate to provide information to other 12Twenty users. Your information will never be personally identifiable by anyone outside of your school's career services office. You have the right to withdraw your consent to 12Twenty's collection and processing of your information at any time, in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service, by changing your settings, or by closing your 12Twenty account, but please note that your withdrawal of consent will not be retroactive.

We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. 12Twenty takes your privacy very seriously, and we do not sell, rent, or otherwise provide your personal information to third parties, except as described in this Privacy Policy. We will also not share other personal information not published or generated through engagement with 12Twenty, without your explicit consent unless disclosure is reasonably necessary in our opinion to: (i) comply with legal process, including, but not limited to, civil and criminal subpoenas, court orders or other compulsory disclosures; (ii) enforce this Agreement; (iii) respond to claims of a violation of the rights of third parties, whether or not the third party is a 12Twenty user, individual, or government agency; (iv) respond to customer service inquiries; or (v) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of 12Twenty, our users or the public.

We may also disclose your personal information and other information you provide to another third party as a part of a sale of the assets of 12Twenty, or as the result of a change in control of the company. If 12Twenty is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.

We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personal information _only as necessary_ to provide these services to us.

## 4\. How You Can Change or Remove Information

You have the right to access, change and correct your profile information at any time by going to your profile page and clicking edit. Information will be updated immediately. 12Twenty will retain your information for so long as your 12Twenty account is active or as needed to provide the Services to you. You may request deletion of your information at any time by contacting 12Twenty customer service at [support@12Twenty.com](mailto:support@12Twenty.com). We will respond to your request within thirty (30) days. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce this Agreement. 

If you close your 12Twenty account, we have no obligation to retain your information, and may delete any or all of your account information without liability. However, we may retain certain information contributed by you if we believe it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, or for legitimate business purposes, such as analysis of aggregated, non-personal information, account recovery, or if required by law. 12Twenty may also retain and use your information if necessary to provide the services to other 12Twenty users. 12Twenty disclaims any liability in relation to the deletion or retention (subject to the terms therein) of information or any obligation not to delete the information. 

## 5\. How We Protect Information

In order to help secure your personal information, access to your data on 12Twenty is password-protected, and sensitive data (such as credit card information) is protected by SSL encryption when it is exchanged between your web browser and the 12Twenty website. To protect any data you store on our servers, 12Twenty also regularly audits our system for possible vulnerabilities and attacks, and we use a tier-one secured-access data center. However, since the internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to 12Twenty. There is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. It is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information. Please note that emails, instant messaging, and similar means of communication are generally not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these means. 

Although we allow you to set privacy options that limit access to your information, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you share your information. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures on 12Twenty. You can reduce these risks by using common sense security practices such as choosing a strong password, using different passwords for different services, and using up-to-date antivirus software. 

## 6\. Other Terms

A. _Changes_. We may update this Privacy Policy at any time, In the event there are significant changes in the way we treat your personal information, or in the Privacy Policy document itself, we will display a notice on the 12Twenty website or send you an email prior to the changes becoming effective, so that you may review the changed terms prior to continuing to use the site. As always, if you object to any of the changes to our terms, and you no longer wish to use 12Twenty, you may close your 12Twenty account. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that 12Twenty has about you and your account. Using the 12Twenty Services after a notice of changes has been sent to you or published on our site shall constitute consent to the changed terms or practices. 

B. Links to other Websites. Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of 12Twenty. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit. 

C. _Consent to Collection and Processing in the United States_. By using 12Twenty, you consent to having your personal information transferred to and processed in the United States. 

If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy, contact us at support@12Twenty.com. You should also report any security violation to us at [support@12Twenty.com](mailto:support@12Twenty.com) or by postal mail at 920 Santa Monica Blvd, Santa Monica, CA 90401. A physical address is a TrustE requirement. 

_Last revised on September, 19, 2014_
