> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the esportsearnings.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190626090133id_/https%3A//www.esportsearnings.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy :: Esports Earnings

The Esports Earnings Privacy Policy governs the manner in which the esportsearnings.com website ("site") collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from everyone and everything that uses this website ("user"). This privacy policy applies to the site and all products and services offered here.

For information on how we handle information on esports players, organizations and events ("data"), see our [FAQ](https://web.archive.org/faq).

  


* * *

  


## Personal Identification User Information

We may collect personal identification information from users in multiple ways, including, but not limited to, when users visit the site, submit information to the site, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on the site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, user name or email address. Users, however, may visit the site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain site-related activities. 

  


## Non-Personal Identification User Information

We may collect non-personal identification information about users whenever they interact with the site. Non-personal identification information may include the users' means of interaction to the site, such as browser information, screen resolution, operating system, the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information. 

  


## Web Browser Cookies

The site may use "cookies" to enhance functionality of site features. A user's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Note that some parts of the site may not function properly should the user elect to disable cookies. 

  


## How We Use Collected User Information

The site may collect and use personal information for the following purposes: 

  * to improve user experience
  * to improve the accuracy of esports history and statistics
  * to improve products and services provided by the site
  * to run a promotion, contest, survey or other site feature



  


## How We Protect User Information

We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our site. Passwords are stored as one-way salted hashes in the database. The forum's private messaging system encrypts all messages with a combination of two-way and private key encryption, requiring a key generated by their password to decrypt them. In the event that a user has to reset their password, their private messages will be deleted, as they no longer have the original password necessary to decrypt them. Email addresses are optional, only used as a means to reset a password on user accounts, or as a means of contacting the submitter of a tip to request more information if needed. A tip that receives a response will have its associated email address deleted from the database, as it is no longer needed. 

  


## Sharing Your Personal Information

We do not sell, trade, rent or give away personal identification information or contact information of users to others, unless required by law. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above. Email addresses will never be shared with third-parties for marketing, spam, promotional activities, or for any reason or no reason. 

  


## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We reserve the right to update this privacy policy at any time without notice. We encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of any modifications. 

  


## Your Acceptance of These Terms

By using this site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site. Your continued use of the site following any changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes. 

  


## Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:

Twitter: @GGBeyond  
Email: inquiry -at- esportsearnings.com

  

