> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the asterisk.org privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630131630id_/http%3A//www.asterisk.org/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Asterisk.org

**June 18 2014**

This privacy policy applies to Digium, Inc. and Digium Inc.’s wholly owned subsidiary Digium Cloud Services L.L.C.  (Collectively referred to as “we”, “our” and “us”). We respect your right to privacy.

Please read below to understand our privacy policy which governs all information collected by a website on the domains owned and controlled by Digium and Digium Cloud Services L.L.C. (Website).

By using any Website, you consent to the collection and use of information by us. If our privacy policy changes, we will update this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

**Information Collection**

A Website is capable of collecting certain information about persons who access a Website or attempt to use its functions. Our primary goal in collecting personal and business information is to provide a customized experience on our network of sites. This includes personalization services, interactive communications, business transaction information, and other types of services. We are the sole owner of all information collected by the Websites. To the extent that we provide access to this information to others, the parameters for such disclosure are set forth herein.

To review some portions of the Website, you must complete a registration form. During registration, you may be asked to provide verifiable contact and identity information. This information may be used to establish the identity of account holders and may be retained by us. Further, if you submit an application for a product, service, or information to us through any Website, we may collect and retain the content of the application or correspondence that we receive, the email address from which it was sent, and our response, if any.

**CPNI**

As an interconnected VoIP Provider Digium Cloud Services L.L.C. has access to a highly regulated form of customer personal information known as Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI) and shares this access with Digium, Inc.  Please see [www.digium.com/cpni](http://digium.com/cpni) for information on the CPNI Policy.

**Preferences and Opt-Out**

The personal information we collect as part of any entry/registration process also provides us a means to inform you of product updates or revisions, additional special offers, or to notify you of products and services that relate directly to your specific interests and needs. After you have authorized the initiation of transmission of commercial electronic e-mail from us by using a Digium Inc. or Digium Cloud Services L.L.C. product and/or service, you may elect to cease further transmissions of commercial electronic e-mail sent to you from us by clicking on the "unsubscribe link" provided within the e-mail or by completing the opt out form available at[ http://www.digium.com/unsubscribe](http://digium.com/unsubscribe) . Some non-marketing communications are not subject to general opt-out, such as communications relating to product download, sales transactions, software updates and other support related information, patches and fixes, conferences or events for which you have registered, disclosures to comply with legal requirements, and (where permitted by law) quality assurance surveys. Some additional communications with partners are also not subject to general opt-out, including product alerts, updates, contractual marketing and sales materials, and other notices related to partner status.  If at any time you change your mind after opting out you may opt in by <http://www.digium.com/emailsubscribe> .

Some of our web pages use "cookies" or other information collection devices so that we can better serve you with more tailored information when you return to our Website. Cookies are identifiers which a website sends to your browser to keep on your computer to facilitate your next visit to our site. If you are subscribed to our email list, we also use this information to deliver more relevant content to your inbox. At any time, you can elect to be opted out from the use of cookies or from our email subscription list by setting your [website cookies preferences](http://go.digium.com/web-tracking).

We may use IP addresses and web server log files to analyze trends, administer a Website, track a user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. Additionally, in areas of a Website requiring registration, we may use this information from time to time to police a Website for unregistered users (but we undertake no obligation to do so). Information of this type may be combined with cookies or other sources of information for these purposes. Specifically, through the use of web server log files, any or all of the following information may be accessed, collected, analyzed, and stored during or after your visits to the Website: the name of the domain name from which you access the Internet; the country from which you access the Website; the date and time you access the Website; the pages you visit on the Website and the sequence in which you visit them; the amount of time you spent on a particular Website page; the Internet address of a website that you visit immediately before or after visiting our Website; the Internet address from which you liked directly to our Website, if any; the type of operating system on your computer; the type of browser that you are using to view a Website. These and similar types of information may also be collected by "web-bugs" or single-pixel gifs and by other means. We use social buttons (such as Facebook and Twitter) to enable sharing of material originating from our Websites. The third party social sites used to share information use scripts and these scripts may be gathering your information.

**Use of Google Analytics to support Display Advertising**

In order to market to anonymous visitors, we use  Google Analytics to support Display Advertising using data collected from site visitors they anonymously browse the Websites.  The Google Analytics Features implemented based on Display Advertising are Remarketing and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. We use the data from Google Analytics Features to ensure that our marketing is targeting the appropriate Website visitors. Website visitors may use the Ads Settings to opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize Google Display Network ads by going to <https://www.google.com/settings/ads>.  Google Analytics’ currently available opt outs are available at <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/>.  We use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. Third party vendors, including Google, may show DCS’s ads on sites across the internet.  We and third-party vendors, including Google, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics Cookie) and third party cookies (such as the Double Click cookie) together to inform, optimize, and serve ads based on your past visits to the Websites.

**Information Use and Disclosure**

We may use the information obtainable from a Website for editorial and feedback and legal purposes and for other purposes.

For example, we reserve the right to provide IP addresses, information provided during registration, and all of the above data obtained through the use of web server log files to third parties for legal purposes such as preventing or investigating any possible criminal activity or in response to any lawful request.

Additionally, we may provide aggregate information to its in-house and independent sales representatives, use the information for marketing and promotional purposes, for a statistical analysis of user behavior, for product development, to inform advertisers as to how many visitors have seen or clicked on their advertisements, to third parties to assist with the protection and registration of our trademarks, to target markets and to formulate our own proprietary and business strategies and plans. Any information that you actively provide to us, such as names, postal and email addresses, and phone numbers may be added to our databases and if you elect to allow such use, may be used by us to contact you regarding Website updates, new products and services and for other purposes specifically allowed by you when you supply such information.

We may retain the content of any customer service web form or email that we receive, the email from which it is sent, and our response, if any. Content and other information related to emails sent by user to us may be used as testimonials or for any other marketing purpose, except that no marketing communications unrelated to the subject matter of the submission will be sent to the email address from which such email or form is sent unless the user specifically elects to receive additional marketing materials or we obtain the email address through another avenue that permits such use. In all cases, email addresses may be compared to subscription or customer lists of ours and our business partners.

Where completion of a sale or shipment requires the use of information, such as credit card information, shipping addresses, or contact persons, we may use the information to the extent necessary.

We may use the information collected to analyze trends, administer Websites, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use, to monitor or to improve the use and satisfaction of a Website, and to customize, upgrade, or configure the layout or content of a Website.

We may share and disclose aggregated user statistics and demographic information in order to describe our services to prospective and existing partners, advertisers, or other third parties, and for other lawful purposes. This information is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person. Under confidentiality agreements, we may match user information with third-party data. We may disclose your personal information to business partners unless you directly inform us that you prefer we not do so.

**Links to Third Party Sites**

The Website may contain links to third party sites. Access to any other Internet site linked to the Website is at the user's own risk and we are not responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any information, data, opinions, advice, statements, terms of use or privacy practices of such other sites unless it is also a Website owned or controlled by us. We provide these links merely as a convenience and the inclusion of such links does not imply an endorsement of the site or their entities, products or services. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every site that collects personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by a Website on the domains owned and controlled by us.

**Security**

Our Websites take precautions to protect our users' information. We use standard industry mechanisms to protect customer data from unauthorized access, for example, by using password protection and standard encryption methods. Transactions, access to transactional records, or access to account information occurs over a server that has safeguards such as secure server software (SSL) which encrypts information before transmission. You can confirm that pages are encrypted, and we urge you to do so before submitting or transmitting sensitive information, by viewing the lock icon on the bottom of most browsers. We also take measures off-line to protect your information that is known to us to be financial and business sensitive information to the same extent that we take measures to protect our own such information.

You may edit your account information and account profile at any time using your email address and password. Do not divulge your password to anyone. We will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited telephone call or in an unsolicited e-mail. Remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you have finished your work. This may help to protect against access by others to your personal and business information if you share a computer or are using a computer in a public place.

By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of information by us. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use at any time and for any reason. If our privacy policy changes, we will update this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. You agree that continued use of a Website is an acknowledgment, consent and acceptance of any terms contained in our terms, conditions, practices and policies, including this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time.
