> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the astrogaming.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151206070133id_/http%3A//www.astrogaming.com/privacy-policy/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ASTRO Privacy Policy

## [FAQ](http://www.astrogaming.com/faq/FAQ.html) /  [Manuals](http://www.astrogaming.com/manuals/manuals.html) /  [Contact](http://www.astrogaming.com/contact/contact.html) /  Privacy  /  [Terms](http://www.astrogaming.com/terms/terms.html)

**Privacy Policy  
**

AG Acquisition Corporation dba Astro Gaming and each of its affiliated companies (“Astro Gaming ,” “we,” “us” or “our”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of all users of the Astro Gaming .com website where this Privacy Policy is posted (each, a “Site”) and persons who may contact Astro Gaming at retail stores and customer service call centers, and through our contests, sweepstakes, and online surveys or use of applications and/or software we may make available from time to time (collectively “Services”). Astro Gaming has established and implemented this Privacy Policy to inform visitors to the Site and users of our services how we use and protect the information we collect through the Site and the Services. By visiting the Site or using any of the Services, you consent to Astro Gaming’s collection, use, disclosure, transfer and storage of information relating to you as set forth in this Privacy Policy.

**What Kind of Information We Collect?**  
There are cases where Astro Gaming may ask you for personal information, such as your name, address, date of birth, gender, email address, etc. We do this for instance when you register for contests/promotions, respond to communication such as e-mail, and for services that require registration or subscription. If you would like to be on our mailing list, we will ask you to actively opt-in. We might also collect personal information from you about a third party, for instance if the website allows you to send an email referring someone to our site or an active promotion, in which case we need to know the name and e-mail address of the recipient. That information will only be used for the specific purpose (delivering the email) and Astro Gaming will not further contact the third party unless the third party contacts us.

\- We may use 'cookies' to gather information about your visits to our website and enhance your experience. You can find more information on how we use cookies in the section 'Use of Cookies'.  
\- When you visit our website we may collect so called 'click stream' data (server address, domain name etc). This information can be combined with information you have provided to us (for instance by registering), which will enable us to analyze and better customize your visits. 

**Information You Provide Astro Gaming**  
While Astro Gaming does not generally require that you provide us with personally identifiable information in order to visit and use the Sites, please note that in order to participate in some activities, such as sweepstakes, contests and other promotions and chat rooms or bulletin boards, we may ask you to provide information that could reasonably be used to contact you or to identify you personally (such as first and last name, e-mail address, mailing address and telephone number) ("Personal Information"). We may also ask you to provide other information about yourself, such as demographic information (such as gender, geographic region, age, etc.) or certain information about your preferences and interests. If you choose not to provide such Personal Information or other information to us, you may not be able to participate in certain activities we offer. If we combine demographic or other information we collect about you with Personal Information about you, we will treat the combined information as Personal Information. We may offer opportunities to enter into promotions that we offer, on our own or jointly with a third party. Such Promotions may require registration and the disclosure of both Personal Information and non-Personal Information. In the event that a promotion is offered jointly with a third party, as a result of your participation in such promotion, your Personal Information and non-Personal Information may be shared with such third party, which sharing we will disclose to you at the time you provide your information. By entering a promotion, you are agreeing to the official rules that govern that promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, except where prohibited by law, allowing the sponsor and/or other third parties connected to the promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising and marketing materials. Therefore, always carefully read the rules of the promotion before entering.

**Information Automatically Collected**  
In addition to any Personal Information or other information that you choose to provide to us via the Sites, whenever you visit or interact with the Sites, Astro Gaming automatically collects certain information such as your IP address and/or another unique identifier ("Device Identifier") for the computer, mobile device, technology or other device ("Device") you use to access the Sites and any referring website. (A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned to your Device when you access a website or its servers. Our computers identify your Device by its Device Identifier.) Some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third-party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the Device used to access the Websites.

In addition, Astro Gaming, as well as certain third-party analytics and other service providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about how you use the Sites ("Usage Information"). Usage Information may include, in part, browser type, operating system, the page served, the time at which a page was accessed and/or the time spent on a page, and the preceding pages views. Usage Information is generally non-identifying, but if Astro Gaming associates it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we will treat it as Personal Information.

**Information About Friends and Family**  
When you share information and Site links, send or share Astro Gaming promotions and marketing materials, or send products to family and friends and others, Astro Gaming may collect the information you provide about those people such as name, address, email address and phone number. 

**Information Shared on a Website or Network Owned and Controlled by a Third Party**  
Functionality on the Sites may permit interactions between such Sites and a third-party website, such as enabling you to “like” a product or “share” content to third-party websites. If you choose to “like” or “share” content or to otherwise post information from or via the Sites to a third-party website, feature or application, that information may become public and the third-party web site may have access to information about you and your use of the Sites.

You may also choose to participate in a third party application or feature (such as one of our Facebook applications or a similar application or feature on a third-party website) through which you allow us to collect and share (or the third party to share) information about you, including Personal Information. The third party may allow you to remove the application or feature, in which case we will no longer collect information about you through the application or feature, but we may retain the information previously collected. In addition, we may receive information about you if other users of a third-party website give us access to their profiles and you are one of their “connections,” or if information about you is otherwise accessible through your “connections” web page, profile page, or similar page on a social networking or other third-party website or interactive service.

**Use of Visitors' Information**  
All personal information that we obtain about you will be recorded, used and protected by us in accordance with current data protection legislation and this privacy policy. We will primarily use your personal information to provide products and services to you and, for example:  
\- To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature and to provide you with the relevant products or services (for instance to deliver a prize you may have won in a contest). You may be contacted by phone or email.  
\- To send you information/materials via e-mail or sms-messages about products, offers and news we think could interest you. This information may relate to products, offers and news of Astro Gaming and/or its licensees or carefully selected commercial partners. We only send you this if you have opted-in to receive Astro Gaming e-mails and/or sms messages. In case you do not want to receive any e-mails and/or sms messages from us anymore, or if you want to modify your personal data or want your personal data to be deleted from our database, we refer you to the 'Opt-out, delete or modify personal information' section below  
\- To analyze visits to the website and learn about the interests of our visitors in aggregate and also on personal level to better understand your interest and need, so we can improve our products and services and deliver to you the type of content, features and promotions that you are most interested in. 

**Who Manages Visitors' Information**  
The global and local websites of Astro Gaming and the information collected, are managed and controlled by Astro Gaming .The servers that make the global and local websites of Astro Gaming available are located in the USA. If you are located outside the USA, please note that the information you provide will be transferred to the USA and by submitting the information you authorize this transfer. Astro Gaming has entered into an agreement with a hosting company in the USA to provide sufficient safeguards for the protection of your data. Personal information will be handled in accordance with current data protection legislation and this Privacy Policy.

**Protection of Visitors' Information**  
In order to protect the information you provide to us by visiting our website we have implemented various security measures. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of people, who have special access rights and are required to keep the information confidential.

Please keep in mind though that whenever you give out personal information online there is a risk that third parties may intercept and use that information. While Astro Gaming strives to protect its user's personal information and privacy, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk.

**Children's Privacy**  
When a child tries to submit his/her registration he/she will be asked to submit the same kind of information as indicated in the above section 'Information we collect from visitors'. Furthermore the information provided by the child and gathered (for instance through the use of cookies) during his/her visit may be used as indicated in the said above section.

**Links to Third Parties**  
For your convenience and to improve the usage of the website we insert links to third parties, for which this privacy policy does not apply. These links take you outside our service and off the Astro Gaming site and are beyond our control. This includes links from partners that may use Astro Gaming ' logos as part of a co-branding agreement or sell Astro Gaming products. The sites you can link to have their own separate privacy policy and although we seek to protect the integrity of our site, Astro Gaming is not responsible and cannot be held liable for the content and activities of these sites. Your visit/access to these sites is therefore entirely at your own risk. Please note that these other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data or solicit personal information.

**Use of Cookies**  
A cookie is a small string of information that the website that you visit transfers to your computer for identification purposes. Cookies can be used to follow your activity on the website and that information helps us to understand your preferences and improve your website experience. Cookies are also used to remember for instance your user name and password. You can turn off all cookies, in case you prefer not to receive them. You can also have your computer warn you whenever cookies are being used. For both options you have to adjust your browser settings (like Internet Explorer). There are also software products available that can manage cookies for you. Please be aware though that when you have set your computer to reject cookies, it can limit the functionality of the website you visit and it's possible then that you do not have access to some of the features on the website.

**Opt-out, Delete or Modify Personal Information**  
You may cancel your registration at any time, and you can choose to opt-out of receiving any e-mails from Astro Gaming. Additionally you can choose to have all your personal information deleted from our database. You may cancel your registration at any time, and you can choose to opt-out of receiving any e-mails messages from Astro Gaming. Additionally you can choose to have all your personal information deleted from our database. If you want to opt-out, delete or modify your personal information, please visit the registration page. We encourage you promptly to update your personal information if it changes.

**Our Commitment To Data Security**  
ASTRO Gaming has implemented commercially reasonable technical and organizational measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration or disclosure, but we cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat those measures or use your personal information for improper purposes. We cannot ensure the security of any information transmitted to us over the Internet, and we accept no liability for any unintentional disclosure of such information. You acknowledge that you provide your personal information at your own risk.

Users of the ASTRO Gaming Offerings are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of their user registration and passwords. ASTRO Gaming may view or access individual records only in order to resolve a problem or support issue with the ASTRO Gaming Offerings.

In the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a breach of security, ASTRO Gaming will promptly notify those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in accordance with the notification procedures set forth in this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law.

**Notifications**  
It is the policy of ASTRO Gaming to provide notifications, whether such notifications are required by law or are for marketing or other business related purposes, to our users via e-mail notice, written or hard copy notice, or through conspicuous posting of such notice on the ASTRO Gaming website, as determined by ASTRO Gaming in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, ASTRO Gaming reserves the right to determine the form and means of providing notifications to our users.

**California Privacy Rights**  
If you are a California resident, you have the right to receive: (a) information identifying any third party or parties to whom Astro Gaming may have disclosed, within the preceding calendar year, your personal information for that third party’s direct marketing purposes; and (b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. To obtain such information free of charge, please write to us at Astro Gaming , 1441 W. Ute Blvd., Suite 250, Park City, UT 84098, Attn: Legal Department, or submit your request to legal@skullcandy.com. Astro Gaming will respond to these requests within thirty (30) days. Requests that come to Astro Gaming by other means may result in a delayed response.

California Online Privacy Protection Act Notice: Some web browsers incorporate a “Do Not Track” feature that signals to websites that you visit that you do not want to have your online activity tracked. How browsers communicate the Do Not Track signal is not yet uniform. For this reason, our Websites do not currently interpret, respond to or alter their practices when they receive Do Not Track signals. Please note that third parties may collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you visit our website or other online websites and services. To find out more about "Do Not Track," you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.

**Child Protection**  
We do not offer services to, or target, persons under the age of 13. In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we will purge any information we receive from people we believe to be children under 13 from our database and cancel the corresponding accounts.

**Changes to The Policy**  
The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of any information collected while it is in place. Astro Gaming reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time, without prior notice to you, and any changes will become effective immediately upon posting. Your continued use of the Sites after posting of any changes to this Privacy Policy will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes. So, please review this Privacy Policy periodically.

**How You Can Contact Us**  
If you have any questions or comments relating to our website and/or the privacy policy, please contact us or write to us: Astro Gaming, 1441 W. Ute Blvd. Suite 250 Park City, UT 84098.

**Inquiry, Complaint, and Dispute Process:**  
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please contact us at legal@skullcandy.com.

All such communications are examined and replies issued where appropriate as soon as possible. If you are unsatisfied with the reply received, you may refer your complaint to the relevant regulator in your jurisdiction. If you ask us, we will endeavor to provide you with information about relevant complaint avenues which may be applicable to your circumstances.

**Company Communications:**  
From time to time, Astro Gaming may participate in marketing initiatives that include websites "powered by" another company on behalf of Astro Gaming. As part of these initiatives, certain Astro Gaming services and marketing communications may be delivered at the same time as those from other companies. Some of these services and communications offer you the option to share personal information with both Astro Gaming and the other companies participating in these initiatives. For example, you may receive marketing communications from Astro Gaming and other companies or have the opportunity to register online for products or services, such as software or apps from multiple companies. If you choose to provide personal information only to Astro Gaming, Astro Gaming will not share this information with the other companies participating in that marketing initiative. If you choose to provide personal information to the other companies, that personal information will be handled according to the privacy policy of those companies, which may differ from this Privacy Policy.

**Your Consent**  
By using the Astro Gaming website you signify that you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with the terms of our Privacy Policy, please do not provide us with personal information and leave this website.

**Online Policy**  
The Privacy Policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond Astro Gaming's control, and is not to be applied in any manner contrary to applicable law or governmental regulation. This online privacy policy only applies to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
