> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the astrostyle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-11-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111126164416id_/http%3A//www.astrostyle.com/The_AstroTwins/about_copyright_privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Testimonials

copyright & privacy policy

Some of the content on AstroStyle.com (a division of Mediarology, Inc.) is free to our visitors and does not require the collection of any personally identifiable information. This site only collects personal information from our visitors on a voluntary basis. By accessing this website our visitors can experience much of our content free of charge and have the option of paying an annual membership fee to gain access to the members only section of the site. 

At AstroStyle.com we are committed to protecting your online privacy and the safety of all our website visitors. We do not require our visitors to disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in an activity. The following policy describes how AstroStyle.com collects, protects, and uses information it receives from visitors to the website. We recognize the importance of adhering to the highest standards of decency, fairness and integrity in the operation of this website and are committed to providing quality online activities and information to all visitors. 

>Please check back from time to time as we may amend our privacy policy to cover those activities that may be offered in the future. We reserve the right, at our discretion to change or modify this privacy policy, with such changes or modifications becoming effective immediately upon the posting thereof. Your continued use of this site following the posting of changes and/or modifications will constitute your acceptance of our revised privacy policy. 

Remember, never give out your full name, home address, email address, telephone number, or any other personally identifiable information that would allow any other online user to contact you either online or offline. 

Reminder for Parents: AstroStyle.com encourages children to consult with their parents before submitting any information to any website, including AstroStyle.com. However, we believe parents should be involved in the online activities of their children and suggest that parents do their best to provide their children with a safe and friendly online environment. 

INFORMATION COLLECTION POLICIES  
Personally Identifiable Information: Some of the products and services on our site are offered without collecting any personally identifiable information from you. You may surf most of this site and its content anonymously without giving out any personally identifiable information. AstroStyle.com only collects personal information from our visitors on a voluntary basis. We don't require any personally identifiable information to obtain access to the area of the site that is free to the public, and only collect personally identifiable information such as first and last name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, gender and date of birth when visitors register to join AstroStyle.com members only section of the site or to receive promotional information from US or enter a featured sweepstakes or contest where such information is required. 

Personally identifiable information is collected from our members and is used to fulfill requested transactions (such as purchasing an annual membership or shipping merchandise) and to provide special offers and services through newsletters, mailings, emails and telephone calls by US. Personally identifiable information is only collected from children under 13 years of age with verifiable parental or guardian consent for the purposes defined below. If you purchase an ASTROSTYLE  Fan Club annual membership or merchandise and services, we may also collect a credit cardholder name, cardholder address and card number, street and billing address of any purchaser. 

The Collection of Limited Personally Identifiable Information Information provided at the AstroStyle.com website may be shared with ASTROSTYLE  and ASTROSTYLE Enterprises, Inc., their management, representatives, and any existing or new record label they may join. We are not responsible for how Third Parties handle the data once they receive it. When we have co-branded or sponsored service, sweeptake or contest, or a free subscription, or when we join with other parties to provide specific services, we may share (provide or receive) your personal information with them so that they can send you other special promotions they offer, but only if you opt-in. 

Disclosure for Legal Purposes 

Notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, WE may access and/or disclose any personal and non-personal information if required to do so by law or in t he good faith believe that such action is reasonably necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, and/or violations of the Terms of Use. 

Reviewing Personally Identifiable Information: If you would like to review the personally identifiable information that we have collected about you or your child online, please send an email to customerservice@AstroStyle.com.com. After verifying your identity we will send you an email with all the personally identifiable information that AstroStyle.com has collected. 

Choice / Opt-out: Online visitors, including children under the age of 13 and/or their parents, who no longer wish to receive our promotional materials or would like to unsubscribe may opt-out of receiving these communications by sending us an email entitled "unsubscribe" to customerservice@AstroStyle.com.com. 

New Notice for Consent: If there are material changes in the collection, use or disclosure practices to which a parent has already agreed, we will send a new notice and request the consent of the parents. 

Sweepstakes & Contest Rules: AstroStyle.com occasionally offers contests and sweepstakes to both fan club members and the general public, but does not condition participation in an activity on disclosing more personally identifiable information than is reasonably necessary to administer the activity. When you enter or participate in a contest or sweepstakes, we request personal information from you (such as your full name, mailing address, email address, telephone number, gender and date of birth). The information you provide is used for the purpose of conducting the promotion (i.e. identifying winners). We may also use this information to send you newsletters and other information we think may be of interest should you opt-in. Recipients of our mailings can unsubscribe by sending an email to customerservice@AstroStyle.com.com 

Cookies : AstroStyle.com may use “cookie” technology to passively obtain non-personal information from its online visitors. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the visitor's hard drive containing information about the user. Once the user closes his/her browser, the cookie simply terminates. At AstroStyle.com, cookies are used to improve your online experiences by providing content specific to your interests (e.g., to store your password to eliminate the need for multiple log-in information or to recognize you by name). The use of cookies is an industry standard that is found on most major websites. 

Security : AstroStyle.com has taken steps to make all information received from our online visitors as secure as possible against unauthorized access and use. All information related to this website is protected through proper security measures, which are periodically reviewed. 

Privacy Statement for Children Under the Age of 13 : The activities of this site are carried out in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. Under this Act, we may not ask a child to provide more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the free AstroStyle.com website. 

On certain occasions, AstroStyle.com may offer sweepstakes promotions and/or contests. Children under the age of 13 will be asked to check a box indicating he/she is under the age of 13. If so, he/she will be asked to submit his/her parent's email address. After retrieving such information, AstroStyle.com will send an email to the parent notifying him/her the child has registered and provide him/her with information about the program and give instructions on how the parent can remove the child from the promotion and/or contest. AstroStyle.com will use the collected information (emails) ONLY to notify the promotion and/or contest winners and their parent that they have won. AstroStyle.com requires the winners' parents to provide us with all information other than as needed for legal requirements in connection with the promotion and/or contest. At AstroStyle.com, we will ONLY collect the child's email as well as the parent's email for promotional or contest purposes and in no event will AstroStyle.com use the information for any other purposes than to award prizes. The child will not be able to enter any sweepstakes or contest if he/she does not submit his/her parent's email address. 

When we receive a request to purchase a membership or merchandise from a child under the age of 13,which would require our collection of personally identifiable information, an email requesting the consent of the parent along with instructions on purchasing the membership online or via telephone or mail is sent to the parent. The parent must fill out the personally identifiable information needed including the parent's credit card number to consent to the child's purchase and participation in the ASTROSTYLE  Fan Club. 

Message Board Policy : Participants must have a paid annual membership, which requires parental consent for a child under the age of 13, to join the AstroStyle.com Fan Club and participate on the AstroStyle.com Message Boards. It's recommended that visitors never give out their full name, home address, email address, telephone number, or any other personally identifiable information that would allow any other online user to contact you either online or offline. 

The information, ideas or opinions posted through this website do not necessarily reflect the views of US. We shall not assume responsibility or liability for any postings or for any claims, damages or losses resulting from their use or appearance on this website. WE will sweep its message boards periodically at its discretion. 

WE do not allow postings that contain: (1) profanity or obscenities; (2) libel, threatening, vulgar, offensive, pronorgraphic, profane, sexually explicit or indecent, defamatory, obscene, fraudulent, harmful, threatening, abusive or hateful, or personal confrontations (3) displaying any personal information about oneself or that of another including but not limited to name, address and telephone number; (4) any information posted, emailed that is of a commercial nature or contains advertising or solicitations.and (4) other information that AstroStyle.com believes is inappropriate. 

This message board may only be used for noncommercial purposes. Users may not post any information intended to promote or generate revenue for themselves or other third-party businesses. WE remains committed toward providing our users with the best service available and will maintain reasonable procedures to protect our message boards. WE reserves the right to edit, delete or refuse to post any messages that violate its policies and does not endorse the accuracy or reliability of the content posted by its users. 

[NEXT](https://web.archive.org/web/20111126164416id_/http%3A//www.astrostyle.com/The_AstroTwins/about_copyright_privacy2.htm)
