> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the astrowow.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130607060857id_/http%3A//astrowow.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Astrowow.com - Privacy policy, astrology software, astrology report, free horoscopes :: Privacy Policy

****Thank you for visiting the Astrowow.com Web portal (the “Web portal”). Please read the Privacy Policy of Astrowow.com, Inc (“Privacy Policy”) before using the Web portal. In addition to reviewing the Privacy Policy, you are required to read and agree to the Terms of Service and Accepted Use of Astrowow.com, Inc., which is located at **<http://www.astrowow.com/terms-of-use.php> ** By using the Web portal or by using any of the services provided on the Web portal, you are agreeing to the terms of the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. 

**1\. Acceptance of Amendments to Astrowow.com Privacy Policy.**  
The Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time, in the sole discretion of Astrowow.com, Inc. (“Astrowow.com”). A current version of the Privacy Policy is available for your review. Your use of the Web portal after a change in the Privacy Policy shall constitute acceptance by you of the amended or modified Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to be bound by the amended or modified Privacy Policy, you must immediately discontinue your use of the Web portal.

**2\. Protection of Privacy in General.**  
It is the goal of Astrowow.com to offer the Astrowow.com services and, at the same time, protect your privacy. The Astrowow.com Privacy Policy is a summary of the various ways in which Astrowow.com treats the types of information you provide to us while using the Astrowow.com services. It also outlines Astrowow.com’s use of these types of information and Astrowow.com’s obligations, responsibilities, and rights regarding these types of information and other personal communications while using the Astrowow.com services, pursuant to the USA Patriot Act of 2001 (the “Patriot Act”).   
Astrowow.com is respectful of your privacy concerns. Information about you and other users of the Astrowow.com services is important to us and Astrowow.com treats personally identifiable information as confidential, subject to the limitations discussed herein including, but not limited to, the obligations, responsibilities, and rights of Astrowow.com pursuant to the Patriot Act, which are outlined herein in Sections 6 and 7 of the Privacy Policy.

**3\. Personally Identifiable Information.**  
Astrowow.com collects personally identifiable information when users fill out any registration forms while registering as a member, client, or customer. Astrowow.com also collects personally identifiable information when users buy any product from its Web portal or when users register with Astrowow.com to receive newsletters. When you register for the Astrowow.com services, you will be required to provide Astrowow.com with information that is associated with your personal identity including, but not limited to, your name, address, telephone number(s), social security number, or driver's license number, user IDs, passwords, e-mail addresses (hereinafter referred to as “personally identifiable information”), your birth details, your location etc. It may also be necessary for Astrowow.com to collect personally identifiable information in the course of maintenance and repairs to the Web portal. All personally identifiable information that you submit to us is treated as confidential, subject to the obligations, responsibilities, and rights of Astrowow.com pursuant to the Patriot Act, which are outlined herein in Sections 6 and 7 of the Astrowow.com Privacy Policy. Astrowow.com collects this personally identifiable information with your specific knowledge and consent and uses this information to provide you with the Astrowow.com services. For example, when you send Astrowow.com an e-mail message, you may provide personally identifiable information to Astrowow.com. E-mail addresses and other personally identifiable information about you are known to Astrowow.com only when you voluntarily submit such information to Astrowow.com. As a general policy, no personally identifiable information is automatically collected from you or other users of the Astrowow.com services. Astrowow.com does not sell our users' e-mail addresses.   
Astrowow.com uses any personally identifiable information voluntarily given by its users to enhance such users’ experience in Astrowow.com’s Web portal, whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the Web portal or to better prepare future content based on the interests of Astrowow.com’s users. Astrowow.com also uses personally identifiable information that users voluntarily provide in order to send out electronic newsletters and to enable users to participate in polls, surveys, message boards, and forums. Astrowow.com sends out newsletters to subscribers on a regular schedule (depending on the newsletter), and occasionally sends out special editions when Astrowow.com thinks subscribers might be particularly interested in something Astrowow.com is doing. Subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy, Astrowow.com does not share personally identifiable information with any third parties, including advertisers, sponsors or partners. 

**4\. Information Other Than Personally Identifiable Information.**  
Certain information other than personally identifiable information, however, is collected and recorded by Astrowow.com when you use the Astrowow.com services. This type of information is also used to provide an enhanced online experience for you. The information collected and recorded includes the type of browser, the type of operating system, and the type of computer system you are using, which assists to optimize the Web portal.   
One way that Astrowow.com collects and records information other than personally identifiable information is by the use of “cookies.” Cookies are pieces of information that an internet Web site will transfer to the hard drive of your computer system for record-keeping purposes. By collecting and recording your preferences, cookies assist you to navigate more efficiently to the internet Web sites you visit or link to while using the Astrowow.com services. By showing how and when you visit or link to a particular internet Web site, cookies assist Astrowow.com to see which areas are popular and which are not. Many improvements and updates to the Astrowow.com services may be based on data tracked through the use of cookies including, but not limited to, the total number of users and internet Web sites visited. As such, Astrowow.com may use the information from cookies to provide services that are tailored to your and other user's needs.   
You have the option of disabling cookies using your browser preferences. Many browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Please note that certain internet Web sites you visit or link to while using the Astrowow.com services may not function properly or may be considerably slower if you disable or refuse cookies.   
Astrowow.com does not save credit card information contained in cookies.   
Astrowow.com also collects IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to report aggregate information, and to audit the use of the Astrowow.com services. An IP address is a unique sequence of numbers that is automatically assigned to your computer system whenever you are connected to the internet using the Astrowow.com services and is used to identify your computer system. Astrowow.com does not normally link the IP address to any personally identifiable information, which means that the internet Web sites you visit or link to while using the Astrowow.com services, if any, will be collected and recorded but you will remain anonymous to us.   
Some internet Web sites you visit or link to while using the Astrowow.com services, such as certain message boards, may display IP addresses along with the message poster's name and message. Please review such Web sites prior to using them and only use such Web sites with whom you are comfortable sharing IP addresses along with your name and message.   
Astrowow.com can and will use IP addresses to identify a user if and when Astrowow.com believes that it is necessary to investigate violations of, prevent violations of, and/or enforce compliance with the Terms of Service and Accepted Use of Astrowow.com; and/or to otherwise protect the Astrowow.com services and other users of the Astrowow.com services.   
Astrowow.com may use information other than personally identifiable information to review the number of users of the Astrowow.com services, but only in aggregate and in a non-personally-identifiable or anonymous form. You acknowledge and agree that Astrowow.com reserves the right to use such aggregated and anonymous data about our users as a group for any business purpose, including, but not limited to, reviewing the number of users of the Astrowow.com services, reviewing trends in usage of the Astrowow.com services, and/or seeking appropriate advertisers and partners. 

**5\. Limitations of Privacy Policy.**  
THE ASTROWOW.COM PRIVACY POLICY DOES NOT GOVERN OR APPLY TO INFORMATION COLLECTED ON INTERNET WEB SITES THAT YOU VISIT OR LINK TO WHILE USING THE ASTROWOW.COM SERVICES. Please review the Privacy Policy of each internet Web site prior to use and provide personally identifiable information only those internet Web sites with whom you are comfortable sharing such personally identifiable information. 

**6\. Mandatory Disclosures to Government Entities Pursuant to the Patriot Act.**  
Under the USA Patriot Act of 2001 (the “Patriot Act”), Astrowow.com may be required to disclose certain information concerning your use of the Astrowow.com services without advance notice to you. If Astrowow.com receives a subpoena, Astrowow.com may be required to disclose the following records:   
(a) your name and address:   
(b) your telephone number(s):   
(c) any internet or network address:   
(d) records of your internet sessions (including session times and duration):   
(e) how long you have subscribed the Astrowow.com services (including start date): 

In addition, if Astrowow.com receives a federal or state search warrant or court order, it may be required to disclose to law enforcement agencies the content of, and other records relating to, e-mail messages (including attachments to e-mail messages and records relating to your e-mail and internet use), without advance notice to you. Please also note that law enforcement agencies may, by federal or state court order, and without notice to you, obtain the right to install a device that monitors your internet and e-mail use. 

**7\. Voluntary Disclosures to Government Entities Pursuant to the Patriot Act.**  
The Patriot Act also allows Astrowow.com to voluntarily disclose certain information to law enforcement agencies and governmental entities in circumstances of immediate danger. If Astrowow.com reasonably believes that an emergency involving immediate danger or death or serious physical injury to any person requires disclosure of the information without delay, when permitted by law, then Astrowow.com may voluntarily disclose to law enforcement agencies, without advance notice to you, the content of your communications using the Astrowow.com services. The Patriot Act, under certain conditions, also allows the government, at Astrowow.com’s request, to intercept the communications of an unauthorized computer trespasser, without obtaining a court order or search warrant. Finally, Astrowow.com may also disclose to law enforcement agencies the contents of your internet communications using the Astrowow.com services that were inadvertently obtained and appear to pertain to the commission of crime. 

**8.Protection of Children’s Privacy.**  
Astrowow.com wants to protect the privacy of children. The Astrowow.com services are not intended for users under the age of 13, and Astrowow.com will not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from users under the age of 13. Such users are expressly prohibited from submitting their personally identifiable information to Astrowow.com, any information submitted by such users will not knowingly be used, posted, or retained by Astrowow.com. By using the Astrowow.com services, you represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years of age and you acknowledge and agree that Astrowow.com is entitled to rely upon that representation. 

**9.Security.**  
All transactions on Astrowow.com are done through paypal, the most secured and widely accepted mode of credit card payment in the world. Paypal uses 256 bit encryption Secure Socket Layer (SSL) data encryption, which assures the security of your personal and credit card information. Astrowow.com does not store any credit card information at its end. 

**10.E-mail This To A Friend.**  
Users of the Web portal may choose to electronically forward a link, page, or documents to another by clicking "e-mail this to a friend". Users must provide their email address, as well as the e-mail address of the recipient. This information is used by Astrowow.com in the case of transmission errors and, of course, to let the recipient know who sent the email. 

**11.Polling.**  
Astrowow.com may offer interactive polls to users so they can easily share their opinions with other users and see what our audience thinks about important issues. Opinions or other responses to polls are aggregated and are not identifiable to any particular user. Astrowow.com may use a system to "tag" users after they have voted, so they can vote only once on a particular question. This tag is not correlated with information about individual users. 

**12.Surveys.**  
Astrowow.com may occasionally conduct user surveys to better target its content to its audience. Astrowow.com sometimes shares the aggregated demographic information in these surveys with its sponsors, advertisers, and partners. 

**13.Opt-Out Policy.**  
Astrowow.com give users options wherever necessary and practical. Such options include:   
(a) Opting not to register to receive our electronic newsletters;  
(b) Opting not to participate in certain interactive areas.  
(c) Opting not to receive different types of emails, including but not limited to daily sun sign, daily personal horoscope, weekly and monthly sun signs, etc 
