> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mrpink.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130419070721id_/http%3A//mrpink.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Mr. Pink Ginseng Drink – Healthy For You, Happy For Life! – PRIVACY POLICY

**1\. Our Commitment to Privacy.**  
Mr. Pink Beverages, LLC (“us,” “we,” or “Mr. Pink Beverages”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of its customers, visitors, and other users of the Company Website (“the Site”). We created this Website Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) to give you confidence as you visit and use the Site, and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. This Privacy Policy is only applicable to the Site, and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from the Site, each of which may have data collection, storage, and use practices and policies that differ materially from this Privacy Policy.

**2\. What Information is Collected.**  
(a) Information You Provide to Us: We collect any information that you submit or enter on our Site, or that you provide to us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information to us, in which case you will not be able to purchase products online and may not be able to take advantage of all of our services and features.

General Access to the Site. We do not currently require you to provide Personal Information in order to have access to general information available on our Site. “Personal Information” as used in this Privacy Policy means any information that may be used, either alone or in combination with other information, to personally identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, personal profile, a home or other physical address, an email address or other contact information. You may choose whether or not to provide Personal Information to Mr. Pink Beverages.  
Purchases. If you choose to purchase a service or product from us, we will require sufficient information from you to complete the transaction. In addition to Personal Information, information required may include a credit card number and related account and billing information, invoice related information, and other data required to process the order. We may also update such data should you grant us permission to bill you or your credit card for recurring charges. We currently use the tools, software or services of third-party service providers, as identified on the Site, to process transactions on our behalf. Each of those third-party service providers may have their own privacy policies, which you may review on their websites. All information of this nature is maintained by us in a secure database and transmitted across the Internet from you to us using secured transmission encryption. Except as set forth herein, we will not share your financial Personal Information with any third person or entity.  
Events. We may provide you, via the Site, with the opportunity to contact us, receive a newsletter, or participate in special promotional or other programs (collectively “Events”). In order to participate in any of these Events, you will be required to provide certain Personal Information which may include your name, company, job title, address, email address, and phone number.

(b) Automatic Information: When you visit a website, you automatically disclose certain information, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address and the time of your visit. Like many other websites, this Site may make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes the IP address from which you access the Site, the type of browser and operating system you use to access the Site, the date and time you access the Site, the pages you visit, and the addresses of pages from where you followed a link to the Site. We may use such information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track user’s movement around the Site, and gather demographic information. Such information is not linked to any Personal Information, with the exception of the IP address which might be used to identify spamming attempts.

(c) “Cookies”: Cookies are pieces of information that are transferred to your computer from a web server. Most browsers are set up to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to have your browser notify you when you receive a new cookie or to refuse to accept cookies. Some of our Site pages utilize “cookies” and other tracking technologies which may collect information about Site activity. If you block or delete “cookies” you may affect the usefulness of our Site.

**3\. How and When the Information Collected is Used.**  
The information we collect is used for administering our business activities. Occasionally, we may use the information to notify you about changes to our website, new products or services, or special offers. We may transfer your Personal Information within Mr. Pink Beverages or to its third-party service providers, but only to provide or improve products and services on the Site or services to you. This information may be transferred to other countries around the world.

(a) Personal Information: If you submit Personal Information to us through the Site:

We will use your Personal Information to improve our services to you, to contact you and to identify and authenticate your access to the Site’s services that you are authorized to access.  
We may transfer your Personal Information within Mr. Pink Beverages or to its third-party service providers, but only to provide services on the Site or to you. This information may be transferred to other countries around the world. We may also provide Personal Information and non-personally-identifiable information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, or other businesses or persons for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our Privacy Policy.  
We may also use your email address to send updates, a newsletter, or news regarding our products and services. You may choose not to receive emails of this kind by sending a single email with the subject “BLOCK” to info@mrpinkbeverages.com. Please note that the email must come from the email account you wish to block.  
We may disclose your Personal Information or any information you submitted via the Site if we have a good faith belief that disclosure of such information is helpful or reasonably necessary to (i) comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, (ii) enforce our Terms of Use including investigations of potential violations thereof, (iii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud or security issues, or (iv) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Mr. Pink Beverages, its users, you or the public.

(b) Payment Information: If you choose to purchase a product from us, we will require sufficient information from you to complete the transaction. Such information may include a credit card number and related account and billing information, invoice related information, and other data required to process the order. We may also update such data should you grant us permission to bill you or your credit card for recurring charges. We may use the tools, software or services of third-party service providers to process transactions on our behalf. Each of those third-party service providers may have their own privacy policies, which you may review on their websites. All information of this nature is maintained by us in a secure database and transmitted across the Internet from you to us using secured transmission encryption. Except as set forth herein, we will not share your financial Personal Information with any third person or entity.

(c) Anonymous Information: We may use Anonymous Information (as defined below), or disclose it to third party service providers, to improve our services and enhance your experience with the Site and its services. “Anonymous Information” means information which does not enable identification of an individual user, such as aggregated information about the use of our Site and our products and services.

**4\. How We Protect Your Information.**  
The privacy and protection of your Personal Information is important to us. We do not make any Personal Information available to third parties, except our service providers, without your permission.  
We use security software to protect the confidentiality of your Personal Information. In addition, our business practices are reviewed periodically for compliance with policies and procedures governing the security and confidentiality of our information. Our business practices limit employee access to confidential information, and limit the use and disclosure of such information to authorized persons.  
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on the Site, you can contact us at info@mrpinkbeverages.com.  
Your access to some services and content may be password protected. We advise that you do not disclose your password to anyone. In addition, we recommend you sign out of password-protected services at the end of your session.

**5\. Publicly Available Information.**  
Any information, video, image, data, text, documents, or other content posted at your direction onto a public area of the Site becomes publicly published content and will be available to all users of that public area of the Site, even if such content contains Personal Information. Please note that if you publish your contact information, you may receive unsolicited messages from users and visitors to the Site. We encourage you to publish only information you are certain you want to be accessible to the public-at-large.

**6\. Collection of Information by Third-Party Sites.**  
Our Site may use reputable third parties to present or serve advertisements that you may see at our Site. These third party ad servers may use cookies, web beacons, clear gifs or similar technologies to help present such advertisements, and to help measure and research the advertisements’ effectiveness. The use of these technologies by these third party ad servers is subject to their own privacy policies and is not covered by our Privacy Policy.

**7\. Links to Other Sites.**  
Our Site may contain links to other sites. Other sites may also reference or link to our Site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites.

**8\. Children.**  
This website does not provide services or sell products to children under the age of 18. If you are under 18, you may use this website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian over the age of 18.

**9\. How You Can Access Your Information.**  
Unfortunately, we do not maintain any procedures for you to review or request changes to the information that we collect about you, except that you may request that we remove all information about you from our database by contacting us.

**10\. How You Can Update Your Information.**  
To the extent that you do provide us with Personal Information, Mr. Pink Beverages wishes to maintain accurate and complete Personal Information. If you have an Account, you may log-in to your personal profile at any time and add information, delete information or correct any incorrect information we have. If you do not have an Account and you would like to correct a material inaccuracy in your Personal Information that we may be storing, you may submit an access request by sending an email to info@mrpinkbeverages.com. Your email should include adequate details of your request and also contain the following email topic: “Access Request”. We will provide initial responses to access requests within a reasonable period of time. Any action that we take in connection with an access request will be subject to, and in accordance with, the Safe Harbor Principles.

**11\. Consent.**  
By using this Site, you consent to the terms of our Privacy Policy and to Mr. Pink Beverages’ processing of Personal Information for the purposes set forth herein. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site.

**12\. Changes to Privacy Policy.**  
If our Privacy Policy or procedures change, we will immediately post those changes to our website. Any such changes will be effective immediately upon being posted, unless otherwise stated in the change. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms.

**13\. Commitment.**  
We are committed to protecting your privacy. Protecting your privacy online is an evolving area, and accordingly we are constantly evolving the Site to meet these demands. If you have any comments, concerns, complaints, or questions regarding our Privacy Policy or the Site, please contact us at info@mrpinkbeverages.com. While we cannot guarantee privacy perfection, we will address any issue to the best of our abilities as soon as possible.

**14\. Effective Date.**  
This Privacy Policy is effective as of the first day of November, 2011.
