> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pixiq.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080617192649id_/http%3A//www.pixiq.com/%3Fp%3Dfooter.privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Pixiq.com

Privacy PhilosophyInternet Privacy is an issue that we at Pixiq.com take very seriously . Pixiq.com respects and protects the privacy of the individuals that use our search services and we believe that our users have an absolute right to know precisely what information is being collected about them, how that information is being used and with whom it is being sharedCookiesPixiq.com may use cookies to track traffic flow and patterns of our users. Pixiq.com only does this to enhance the performance of our website and will not disclose its cookies to third parties except as required by a valid legal process such as a search warrant, subpoena , statute, or court order.What Information Does Pixiq.com Collect? Information gathered online can generally be categorized as either anonymous or personally identifiable. Pixiq.com does not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, email address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information . Pixiq.com does however save information such as time of day, browser type, browser language, and IP address with each query. That information is used to verify our records and to better our services to users.With whom does Pixiq.com share the information it gathers? When we do present information to our advertisers, it is in the form of grouped statistics compiled from our users' answers to survey questions and on-site behavior. Pixiq .com will not disclose the contact or demographic information of any individual user to advertisers or any other outside organization without the express permission of the individual.Links to Other Sites   
The sites displayed as search results or linked to by Pixiq.com are developed by people over whom Pixiq.com has no control over. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information.Your consent to the Privacy PolicyBy using the Pixiq.com tools and web sites, you consent to the collection and use of your information as we have outlined in this policy and to our [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/web/20080617192649id_/http%3A//www.pixiq.com/%3Fp%3Dfooter.privacy?p=footer.terms). Pixiq.com may decide to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we do, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of the information we collect and how we use it.Who can I ask if I have additional questions?Feel free to contact us any time and we'll answer any additional questions you may have. Our email address is [ info@Pixiq.com](mailto:info@Pixiq.com).  

