> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the pixsy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-10-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061016213911id_/http%3A//www.pixsy.com/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Pixsy: Privacy Policy

| 

Privacy Policy 

Pixsy welcomes comments and questions on this Privacy Policy. You may e-mail your questions or comments to: [info@Pixsy.com](mailto:info@Pixsy.com)

**1\. Personally Identifiable Information Collected at this Site.** You can visit portions of the Site at any time without providing any information about yourself. However, in order to use certain portions of the Site, you will need to provide some personally identifiable information. 

**2\. E-mail Newsletter.** To subscribe to our e-mail newsletters, you will need to provide your e-mail address and date of birth. You can opt-out of receiving future mailings by following the directions contained in each newsletter (e.g., to "unsubscribe"). 

**3\. Accounts.** To use Pixsy services, such as video uploading, file storage, portfolio features, etc., you will need to register and create an account with Pixsy (" **account** "). To create such an account, you will need to choose a member name and password. You will also be asked to provide certain personally identifiable information, such as your age, address, telephone number, e-mail address, etc. If you do provide Pixsy with personally identifiable information, we will take reasonable steps to protect this information. We also urge you to keep your password confidential and refrain from sharing it with others. You agree that information in Your Content will be available to the general public accessing the Site. 

**4\. Other Services, Special Promotions, and Purchases.** To participate in some services offered at the Site (e.g., sweepstakes, contests and surveys (" **Special Promotions** ")) or to make online purchases (" **Purchases** "), you will need to provide personally identifiable information as requested on the applicable web form. This information may be collected directly by Pixsy or indirectly by a third party, such as a co-sponsor or a vendor involved in or providing services in connection with a Special Promotion, or an e-commerce partner in the case of a Purchase. In most cases, the names of such third parties will be disclosed on the Site (and/or in the rules for a Special Promotion), and you may be given the option of providing your information to them. Pixsy may offer Special Promotions that ask you to submit information about others. If so, you represent and warrant that you have consent of such people to . 

**5\. Customer Service.** The Site may offer support and technical assistance through telephone operators and by email. Whenever you speak with a customer service operator or contact them by email, you do so with the understanding that he or she may view and make changes to your account in order to provide the assistance that you need. 

**6\. Special Notice regarding Children Under 13 Years of Age.** Although this Site is not directed towards young children, Pixsy is intent on complying with applicable laws and regulations regarding children, including the United States ' Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. Pixsy will not knowingly collect or maintain any personally identifiable information from children under 13. Parents are hereby put on notice that Pixsy does not provide a mechanism to obtain parental consent. If you are a parent or guardian who has discovered that your child has submitted his or her personal information, Pixsy will make reasonable efforts to remove the information from its database, at your request. To request the removal of your child's information, please send an email to [info@Pixsy.com](mailto:privacy@Pixsy.com) and be sure to include in your message the same member name and password that your child submitted. 

**7\. Non-personally Identifiable Information Collected.** As part of the registration process to create an account or to participate in Special Promotions, you may be asked to provide certain information that does not personally identify you. For example, you may be asked to provide information concerning your music or other entertainment preferences, purchasing habits, and the like. Pixsy requests this information in order to enhance your online experience by understanding you better and to also make you aware of new services, programs or offers which may be of interest to you. In many cases, Pixsy will automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information about your use of the Site and services provided by Pixsy through it. For example, Pixsy might collect information concerning the type of Internet browser or computer operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider, your "click path" through the Site, or advertisement that was linked to or from the Site when you visited, and your IP address. To do this, Pixsy may use cookies and other technology (see below). Your visits to the Site, and information provided through these technologies, will be anonymous unless you provide us with personally identifiable information or have provided such information in the past. 

**8\. Cookies.** The Site and advertisements contained on it may contain "cookies." A cookie is a piece of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store the cookie on your computer if your browser is enabled to accept cookies. Transparent gifs or web beacons assist in the delivery of cookies. Pixsy uses cookies, transparent gifs, frames, server log analysis and other technologies as they are developed to customize your experience with the Site. Personally identifiable information (and other information that may be associated with your personally identifiable information) collected through the use of these technologies will be handled in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Most Internet browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please note, however, that if you block cookies, many portions of the Site will not function properly. You should refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about how to manage cookies. 

**9\. Use of Personal Information Collected at the Site.** Pixsy uses information about you to operate the Site and any services available through it that you request, to inform you of other services or offers in which you might be interested, and to improve and enhance the Site. 

**10\. Purchases of Third Party Services.** Pixsy may work with other companies to provide portions of the Site (e.g., to provide fulfillment for prizes won in a sweepstakes, or to provide other support for a Service or Special Promotion). By participating in such services, you are deemed to consent to the disclosure of your personally identifiable information to these third parties. Third parties who provide prize fulfillment and/or sweepstakes administration will be given your information to carry out their responsibilities in connection with any Special Promotion in which you participate. You should always review the privacy policy of any third party mentioned in a Special Promotion or in connection with your Purchase to determine how your information will be used by that entity. 

**11\. Sharing & Disclosing Information.** Pixsy may disclose your personally identifiable information to third parties under the following circumstances: **(a)** we have been given your consent to disclose; **(b)** we have previously informed you of the disclosure; **(c)** we are required by law or court order to disclose or to comply with any legal or regulatory requirement, including without limitation in connection with a search warrant or demand for documents; **(d)** disclosure is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against, someone who may cause or be causing harm to, or interference with, Pixsy's rights or property, other Site users, or anyone else. Pixsy may also use IP addresses in cooperation with your Internet service provider to identify users if Pixsy deems it necessary to enforce compliance with this Privacy Policy or to protect our Site, Pixsy customers or others. You consent to the disclosure to, and use by, a subsequent owner or operator of the Site, of any and all information about you contained in the applicable Site database, if Pixsy assigns its rights and obligations in connection with the Site or is otherwise acquired via merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of Pixsy's assets to a subsequent owner or operator. In any such event, you acknowledge that the use and storage or your personal information will be governed by the _Privacy Policy_ of the Site's subsequent owner or operator. In addition to the other disclosures permitted under this Privacy Policy (including personally identifiable information) from time to time, Pixsy may share with third parties aggregate, non-personally identifiable user information to show general demographic and preference information among users of the Site. 

**12\. Data Security.** While Pixsy takes precautions against possible security breaches of the Site, no web site or Internet transmission or connection is completely secure. Consequently, Pixsy cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur, and your use of the Site is at your own risk. Pixsy urges you to keep your personally identifiable information safe by memorizing your password or keeping it in a safe place, separate from your account information, logging out of your User Account, and closing your Web browser. Unless otherwise specified herein or on the Site, credit card numbers are used only for payment processing and are not retained for marketing or any other purposes. Pixsy uses good faith efforts to employ a security technology known as a secure-socket-layer to protect the transmission of payment information to the Site. 

**13\. Processing Data in the United States.** By providing any personal information to the Site, all users, including, without limitation, users in the member states of the European Union, fully understand and unambiguously consent to this Privacy Policy and to the collection, storage, and processing of such information in the United States of America. 

_(7.10.05 revision)_
