> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fotopedia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090612063506id_/http%3A//www.fotopedia.com/legal/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Fotonauts Privacy Policy

Last Revised: May 19, 2009 

This privacy policy ("Policy") explains how personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by fotonauts, Inc.("fotonauts", "we" or "us") with respect to your use of the web site located at www.fotopedia.com or other sites as may be owned, managed or controlled by us from time to time (the "Site") so you can make an informed decision about using the Site. **We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the privacy policy the date it was last updated. We encourage you to review this Policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.**

##  WHAT IS PERSONAL INFORMATION? 

As used herein, the term "personal information" means information that specifically identifies an individual (such as a name, address, telephone number, mobile number, e-mail address, or other account number), and information about that individual's location or activities, such as information about his or her use of the Site, when directly linked to personally identifiable information. A user name may be personal information if it includes personally identifying information such as a first and last name. Personal information also includes demographic information such as date of birth, gender, geographic area and preferences when such information is linked to other personal information that identifies you. Personal information does not include "aggregate" information, which is data we collect about the use of the Site or about a group or category of products, services or users, from which individual identities or other personal information has been removed. In other words, information about how you use a service may be collected and combined with information about how others use the same service. Aggregate data helps us understand trends and our users' needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor our Site. This policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information. 

##  WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT? 

Active Collection. Personal information may be collected in a number of ways when you visit our Site. We may collect certain information you voluntarily provide to us which may contain personal information. For example, we may collect your name, address, email address, user name and other contact and demographic information when you register and set up an account or contact us by e-mail or other means for any reason. Personal and demographic information may also be collected if you provide such information in connection with creating an album, , posting comments, posting any type of Content as defined in the [fotopedia Terms of Use (“TOS”)](http://www.fotonauts.com/legal/tos.html "fotopedia Terms of Use \(“TOS”\)"), or otherwise using the Service (as defined the fotonauts TOS). We may also collect credit card or other payment information if applicable. In addition, from time to time we may collect demographic, contact or other personal information you provide in connection with your participation in surveys, sweepstakes, contests, games, promotional offers, and other activities on the Site. Passive Collection. When you use the Site, some information is also automatically collected, including but not limited to your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your operating system, the browser type, the address of a referring web site, and your activity on the Site. We treat this information as personal information if we combine it with or link it to any of the identifying information mentioned above. Otherwise, it is used in the aggregate only. 

We may automatically collect certain information through the use of "cookies" or web beacons. Cookies are small data files that are stored on a user's hard drive at the request of a Web site to enable the site to recognize users who have previously visited them and retain certain information such as customer preferences and history. If we combine cookies with or link them to any of the personally identifying information, we would treat this information as personal information. Web beacons (also know as web bugs or clear gifs) are small, invisible graphic images that may be used on the Site or in emails relating to the Site to collect certain information and monitor user activity on the Site. We may also use third parties to serve ads on the Site. These third parties may place cookies, clear gifs or other devices on your computer to collect non-personal information, and information provided by these devices may be used, among other things, to deliver advertising targeted to your interests and to better understand the usage and visitation of our Site and the other sites tracked by these third parties. This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, cookies in third party ads, and we encourage you to check the privacy policies of advertisers and/or ad services to learn about their use of cookies and other technology. If you wish to block, erase, or be warned of cookies, please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn about these functions. However, if a browser is set not to accept cookies or if a user rejects a cookie, some portions of the Site and the Service may not function properly. For example, you may not be able to sign in and may not be able to access certain Site features or services. 

##  HOW DO WE USE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT? 

In general, we use personal information we collect to process your requests or transactions, to provide you with information or services you request, to inform you about other information, events, promotions, products or services we think will be of interest to you, to facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, the Site, and for the purpose for which the information was provided. For example, we may use the information we collect: 

  * to send you a welcoming email and to contact you about your use of the Site, to provide other services, products or information you request and to complete any transactions in connection therewith; 
  * to respond to your emails, submissions, comments, requests or complaints; 
  * to request feedback and to enable us to develop, customize and improve the Site and our publications, products and services; 
  * to contact you about our or a third party's services, products, activities, special events or offers and for other marketing, informational, product development and promotional purposes; 
  * to personalize and improve the Site, site content and features and your experience on the site, such as providing ads, content or features to match your profile and interests; 
  * to notify contest winners; and 
  * for the specific purpose for which the information was provided. Personal information provided online may be linked together or merged with other personal information so that we may better understand your needs and inform you about our products or services and those of our partners. In addition, if we receive information from third parties with whom we have business relationships, we may combine this information with the other personal information we maintain about you. In either case, this Policy governs this information. 



##  SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION 

We will not share the personal information we collect from you through this Site with third parties except as described in this Policy, as it may be revised from time to time. We may share personal information with vendors, consultants and other service providers (“Service Providers”) who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the Site or the Service and who need access to such information to carry out their work for us, such as credit card processors and web hosting services. In some cases, the Service Provider may be directly collecting the information from you on our behalf. We may also share personal information with other third parties when you give us your consent to do so. We are not responsible for the actions of Service Providers or other third parties, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these Service Providers or other third parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with their practices before disclosing information directly to them. Note that nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregate information, which may be shared with third parties without your consent. 

We may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so, or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or with legal process or authorities, respond to any claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of fotonauts, our users, our employees or the public, including without limitation to protect fotonauts or our users from fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate or unlawful use of our Site. Information about our users, including personal information, may also be disclosed or transferred as part of, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition or in any other situation where personal information may be transferred as one of the business assets of fotonauts. 

You understand that when you use the Site, information you post in any private areas on the Site, as well as any information you share with individuals through the Site, will be available to other users who you have permitted to view such information, and any information posted on any publicly accessible areas will be publicly available. We recommend you be cautious about giving out personal information to others or sharing personal information in public or private areas of the Site. We are not responsible for the actions of any third parties with whom you share personal information. 

##  WHAT STEPS DO WE TAKE TO PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION ONLINE? 

We have endeavored to put into place reasonable security measures in an effort to protect personal information while it is under our control. Your account information is accessible online only through the use of a password. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep your password confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of our web site by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused at [security@fotopedia.com](mailto:security@fotonauts.com). 

##  WHAT CHOICES DO YOU HAVE REGARDING THE USE OF YOUR INFORMATION? 

You may "opt out" of receiving email for promotional and marketing purposes by changing your preferences at any time in the user profile area of the Site. However, this shall not affect our ability to send you service and account related emails to use your personal information as otherwise described in this Policy. 

##  LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES 

Our web site may contain links to other web sites. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party's privacy policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of web sites to which we link. Links from our web site to third parties or to other sites are provided for your convenience. We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information. 

##  HOW CAN YOU CORRECT AND UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OBTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION? 

If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or the practices relating to the Site, or you wish to correct or delete any personal information we have collected, please contact us at [privacy@fotopedia.com](mailto:privacy@fotonauts.com), and we will endeavor to respond to your inquiry or to correct, update or remove the personal information you have provided us as you indicate to the extent possible. You may also update your account information by going to the Profile area of the [Site](http://www.fotopedia.com/ "Site"). 
