> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the btn.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111202015518id_/http%3A//btn.com/about/btn-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy « Big Ten Network

_Updated July 6, 2011_

**1\. INTRODUCTION**

Big Ten Network, LLC (“BTN” or “we”) operates the website http://www.bigtennetwork.com and http://www.BTN.com (collectively, “Bigtennetwork.com” or “Site”), which is an entertainment website for sports fans focusing on the Big Ten collegiate conferences that allows users to watch streaming video content, create personal profiles, discuss and share information with other users and purchase premium video content. The services BTN offers include any BTN-branded URL (including, without limitation Bigtennetwork.com,video.bigtennetwork.com, superfans.bigtennetwork.com and btngivebig.com), online community features, public forums, Premium Subscriptions, which allows users to purchase premium online video content, BTN messaging services, and any other features, content, or applications offered from time to time by BTN in connection with BTN’s business including when accessed via the Internet, mobile or other device (collectively, the “BTN Services”). BTN is part of the United States based operations of News Corporation.

As set forth in our [Terms of Use](http://www.bigtennetwork.com/dpp/about_us/terms-of-use) , the Site is a general audience site, is not targeted to children, and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age.

This Privacy Policy describes BTN’s collection, use and sharing of personal information about users (e.g., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or email address) where that personal information is not otherwise publicly available on the Site. This Privacy Policy also describes generally BTN’s practices for handling non-personally identifiable information (e.g., user interests, demographics, or Site usage) to the extent such non-personally identifiable information is associated with a particular user or user account. This Privacy Policy applies to all “users,” including visitors (users who use some of the BTN Services without being registered with BTN), “Members” (users who have registered with BTN) and “Subscribers” (Members who have purchased a Premium Subscription or newsletter).

**2\. SUBMISSION AND COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ON THE BTN SERVICES**

_User Submitted Information_

**Member Registration Information** is the required information that a user must provide when they register as a Member with the Site (“Member Profile,” also called a “user account”), and includes first and last name, username, email address, password, zip code, cable provider and favorite BTN school (“Required Registration Information) or to enter a contest or sweepstake. Your username will be public, which means it is available to everyone and will be displayed in search results on the Site and on external search engines. Please select your username carefully.

**SuperFan Registration**. If you elect to sign up for BTN SuperFans, you will be required to sign in using your BTN username and password.

**Public Information and Posts**. If you elect to post content or comments on any of the public forums or content provided on the Site, you will be required to register as a Member and provide the Required Registration Information. Public Information and Posts consist of your display name, username and any additional information you chose to make public through your Member Profile and your posts and comments on the BTN Services outside of your Member Profile. Your posts and comments outside of your Member Profile include those made on other Member profiles and on general BTN content, such as BTN provided photos, and in general Site areas, such as forums and chats. Your Public Information and Posts are always public, which means they are available to everyone and will be displayed in search results both on the BTN Services and on external search engines. However, when you post content or comments on another Member’s Profile, that information will be disclosed consistent with that Member’s Privacy Settings.

**Profile Content** consists of information Members may add to their profile. It includes location Member’s content, such as “About Me” and photos. You can choose which users you share your Profile Content with, as well as change your search and activity Privacy in your Privacy Settings .  
Site Product Purchase Information. If you elect to purchase any Site Product through the Site you will be required to provide personal financial information, including your credit card information, billing address or other payment information (collectively, “Personal Financial Information”), full name, phone number and shipping address in order to purchase such Site Service. You must be 18 years of age or older to submit Personal Financial Information on the Site, including to place an order on the Site.

**Online Premium Subscription Information**. If you elect to purchase a Premium Subscription through the Site you will be required to provide personal financial information, including your credit card information, billing address or other payment information (collectively, “Personal Financial Information”), full name, phone number and shipping address in order to purchase such BTN Services. At the time of purchase you will also be requested to select your Premium Subscription type (e.g. Conference Pass Monthly or Annual or School Pass Monthly or Annual). **Your Premium Subscription will be automatically renewed and the credit card you used to subscribe for such Premium Subscription will be charged per the billing cycle of your selected online video subscription (e.g. Monthly or Annual), unless you cancel the online video subscription prior to the renewal date of your online video subscription**. If you have any questions about canceling your Online Premium Subscription or our refund policy please refer to our [Terms of Use](http://www.bigtennetwork.com/dpp/about_us/terms-of-use) .

**Subscription Information** is the information that Subscribers must provide to us in order to sign up for Big Ten Insider Newsletter and BTN Mobile Alerts, such as first and last name, username, password, mobile phone, email address, and zip code.

**BTNLiveBig** ( **previously BTN GiveBig** ) Information. If you would like to nominate yourself or someone else for the BTN GiveBig initiative you will be required to provide us with first and last name and email of the nominee and the story about how the nominee is giving back in the Big Ten community.

**BTN Network Fan Council Application Information**. If you would like to join the BTN Network Fan Council (“BTN Fan Council”) you will be required to provide us with the following information at the time of your submission: an email address, first and last name, BTN school affiliation and a written statement in 500 words or less describing why you should be considered for the BTN Fan Council (the “BTN Fan Council Registration Information”).

**MVPD Authenticated Content**. To access certain content on the Site you will be redirected to your MVPD’s registration page where you will be required to register directly with your MVPD. Please contact your MVPD directly for questions on your account, including how to access or cancel your account.

_BTN Collected Information_

**BTN Activity Information**. When users access the BTN Services, we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to the Site, our servers receive and record information about your computer and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the BTN Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device or other transactional information for that device in order to serve content to it. We may also use cookies and other tracking technologies (including browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies), which are comprised of small bits of data that often include an anonymous unique identifier. Websites send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that site. We may use these technologies to collect and store information about your usage of the BTN Services, such as pages you have visited, search queries you have run, and advertisements you have seen.

We also collect personal information in manual or off-line format, such as a post card or subscription form. Providing a detailed privacy notice in those situations is often impractical. In these situations, we will provide consumers with a short notice that describes how to obtain the full text of this Privacy Policy.

Third parties that support the BTN Services by serving advertisements or providing services, such as allowing users to share content, purchase and view Premium Video content, or tracking aggregate Site usage statistics may also use these technologies to collect similar information. BTN does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of these third parties using such technologies. For more information about third-party ad networks that use these technologies, see [www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/).

Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the “Help” section of your browser for more information (e.g., <http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies>). Users can manage the use of Flash technologies, including cookies, with the Flash management tools available at Adobe’s website, see http://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.html. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features or personalization available through BTN Services.

**Third Parties**. To improve the quality of the BTN Services, BTN may supplement the information we collect with information from third parties. If you access the BTN Services through a third-party connection or log-in, we may also collect your user ID and/or username associated with that third-party service, or any information you have made public in connection with that service and which the third party shares with partner services.

**3\. NOTICE & CHOICE**

**Means of Notice and Choice**. This Privacy Policy and your Privacy Settings are the primary means by which BTN provides you with notice and choice about its collection and use of your personal information. We will not use your personal information in a manner different from what is described in this Privacy Policy without your permission.

**Privacy Policy Changes**. BTN may modify this Privacy Policy as necessary. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use your personal information, we will notify you to seek your consent through a message, email or a prominent posting on the BTN Services.

**Location of Data**. The BTN Services are hosted in the United States. If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information you provide transferred to and processed in the United States. U.S. data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction. As a result, please read this Privacy Policy with care.

**Linked Websites or Services**. BTN Services may also be linked to sites or services operated by BTN affiliates (i.e., that are part of the News America Group: “ [Affiliated Companies](http://www.newscorp.com/) ”) or third parties, and may carry advertisements or offer content functionality, games, newsletters, contests or sweepstakes or applications, developed and maintained by third parties, including online stores. BTN is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties, and once you leave the BTN Services via a link, enable a third-party service, visit an affiliated store, or click an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third-party site. Additionally, although all Affiliated Companies adhere to the News Corporation corporate [Privacy Principles](http://www.newscorp.com/privacy.html) , users who visit an Affiliated Company site should still refer to its separate privacy policy, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy.

**Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Third Party.** If you elect to purchase any products or services through the Site you will be required to provide personal financial information, including your credit card information, billing address or other payment information) (collectively, “Personal Financial Information”), full name, phone number and shipping address in order to purchase such product or service. .At the time of your purchase, BTN will notify you of the identity of any third party that is collecting, transmitting, storing and/or processing your Personal Financial Information. **You acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy will not apply to any Personal Financial Information that you provide to any independent third party company on the Site and that all payment obligations related to such purchase shall be governed solely by the applicable independent third party company’s privacy policy. You further acknowledge and agree that BTN will have no liability for or control over such independent third party company’s use or protection of your Personal Financial Information.** You should check the privacy policy of the independent third party company‘s website to determine how it will handle any Personal Financial Information it collects from you and/or processes. You acknowledge and agree that in the event that such independent third party company experiences a data breach that compromises or otherwise affects your Personal Financial Information, BTN shall in no way be responsible or liable to you for such breach. You should contact the applicable independent third party company regarding any such data breach.

**4\. USE AND DISCLOSURE**

_Information Made Public Through Use of BTN Services and User Privacy Settings_

BTN Members’ Public Information and Posts are always publically available to anyone, including other users, search engines, advertisers, third-party application developers, and anyone else with access to the BTN Services. Beyond your Public Information and Posts, you can chose what information you add to your Profile Content, and whether you want to restrict which other users can see that information through your Privacy Settings. When your Search Privacy setting is activated, your Profile Content is made available to any and all third parties. Additionally, when you post content or comments to another Member’s profile, that information will be disclosed consistent with that Member’s Privacy Settings .

_BTN’s Use and Disclosure of Information  
_

We only share your non-public personal information with non-affiliated third parties when we believe sharing is permitted by you or authorized by this Privacy Policy. In addition, BTN may share your Registration Information and Profile Content with Affiliated Companies.

We use the information we collect from and about users for the following purposes:

**To provide and manage the BTN Services**. We use the information we collect from and about users to provide the BTN Services and features to you, which may include to measure and improve those services and features, to personalize your experience by delivering relevant content, advertising and marketing messages, to allow you to participate in online games, contests or promotions, to enable you to communicate and share with other users, and to provide you with customer support and respond to inquiries. We may use aggregated, anonymous data about use of and activity on the BTN Services to assist us in this regard and such data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.

**To allow third-party service providers to assist us in providing and managing the BTN Services**. BTN may make your non-public personal information available to certain third-party service providers, such as contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage or provide the BTN Services by, for example: developing or supporting products and features; conducting email marketing on our behalf; processing payments; administering message boards; fulfilling orders; processing data or statistics; or assisting with the administration, judging and prize fulfillment aspects of contests, promotions and sweepstakes. These outside service providers are required to protect non-public personal information entrusted to them and not use it for any other purpose than the specific service they are providing to the BTN Services.

**To allow other users to find you**. In order to locate BTN Members that a user may already know in the physical world and/or want to get to know in the online world, BTN allows users to search for Members using information the user already knows, such as name, and identifies users matching that search information.

**To deliver relevant content and recommendations**. To make your experience more interesting, we may use any of the information you provide, the information we collect about your page views and queries, and information we may collect from other users and third parties to assist us in recommending friend connections and content on BTN.

**To contact you**. BTN may periodically send promotional materials (e.g., newsletters) or notifications related to the BTN Services to the email address you provided to us at registration or to your BTN account. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from BTN, you can change your Profile Settings or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of as long as you are a Member, such as notifications of changes to the BTN Services or policies.

**To deliver relevant advertising**. We may use the information you provide to us, and information we collect about your use of the BTN Services through cookies and other technologies, to assist us in delivering you relevant ads when you visit the BTN Services. We may work with third-party advertising networks and advertisers who help deliver these ads to you. We do not share your non-public personal information with these third parties, but we may share anonymized or aggregated information with them to improve the relevancy of the ads you see on the BTN Services. As noted above, these third-party advertising networks and advertisers may also use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track non-personally identifiable information such as demographic information, aggregated information, and Internet activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests. To find out more about third-party online advertising and to opt out of this type of advertising, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp> . BTN also shares non-personally identifiable demographic and interest information associated with your account with third-party advertising networks to assist them in delivering relevant ads on BTN.

**To protect the rights of BTN and our users.** There may be instances when BTN may disclose user information without providing notice or choice, including situations where BTN has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of BTN, our Affiliated Companies or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of users of the BTN Services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) comply with the law or legal process.

**To complete a merger or sale of assets**. If BTN sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, BTN may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.

**5\. SECURITY**

BTN uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard user information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification.

**6\. ACCESS, REMEDIES AND COMPLIANCE**

**User Control and Account Cancellation**. Through your Profile Settings, you can access, edit or delete your Registration Information, profile picture and Profile Content. If you no longer want to use the BTN services, you may cancel your account by logging in to your Member Profile, clicking on your username and clicking on “Cancel Your Account.” Remember that even after you cancel your user account, copies of some information from your user account may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, you have posted information on another user’s Member Profile, shared information with a third party application or website, or if another person copied, stored or shared your information. Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others, and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines. We may also retain backup information related to your user account or Premium Subscription on our servers for some time after cancellation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies.  
If you would like to cancel your Premium Subscription please visit our [Terms of Use](http://www.bigtennetwork.com/dpp/about_us/terms-of-use) for our termination policy, process and restriction.

**7\. CONTACT US**

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact BTN by email at [BigTen.Privacy@fox.com](mailto:BigTen.Privacy@fox.com) or phone at (310) 369-1350. Or, you can contact us by mail at:

Big Ten Network Privacy Officer  
Business & Legal Affairs  
Fox Cable Network Services, LLC  
P.O. Box 900  
Beverly Hills, California 90213-0900
