> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the my365.in privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171216022546id_/http%3A//my365.in/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | My365

  * 1\. Definition of Personal Information

    * Sirok recognizes the definition of personal information as any information that has either been defined as such by law as referring to a specific person (Name, birth date, other information that allows determination of a specific person), as well as any information that is linked to a specific person, such as email address, user ID, password, credit card information, etc, as well as any information attributable to person, such as their hobbies, family members, age, etc. 

  * 2\. Cookie, IP Address Information

    * As cookies and IP addresses alone cannot be used to identify specific people, we do not consider them to be personal information. However, in cases in which they are used in conjunction with personal information, they will also be considered personal information. In cases in which cookies or IP addresses will be used by media run by Sirok, the purpose and method will be revealed, even in cases which it is done in a way that does not make it possible to identify a specific person. Additionally, in the case of cookie information, it is possible to refuse cookies through browser settings. We publicize instances in which it is not possible to use our services with cookies disabled. 

  * 3\. Specification of Pupose of Personal Information

    * Sirok will specify as much as possible the purpose for collecting personal information.

  * 4\. Limits on Use of Personal Information

    * Sirok will not use personal information for anything other than meeting the states usage goals without getting the express permission of the person in question. When Sirok receives personal information through mergers or other such means, we will also not use it for purposes beyond what was originally agreed to, without newly gaining the approval of the person in question. However, this may not be the case in the following situations:

      * To adhere to a law

      * When it is necessary for the protection of a person's life, health or physical property, and it is difficult to get the approval of the person in question

      * When it is necessary for the improvement of public health or to achieve progress in the proper education of children, and it is difficult to get the approval of the person in question

      * When cooperating with an organization of the federal government or local public organization or entity engaged by such in the execution of a lawful task, and in the case that informing the person in question would cause difficulty in the execution of the task./p>

  * 5\. Appropriate Collection of Personal Information

    * Sirok will collect personal information in appropriate ways, and will not use dishonesty or other improper means to acquire information. In addition, Sirok will take care not to collect personal information of those younger than 15 years of age without the permission of their guardians. 

  * 6\. Communication of Purpose of Personal Information Collection.

    * Sirok will make public the purpose of any collection of personal information. However, this may not be the case in the following situations:

      * If there is a chance of harm to the life, health, property or other rights of the person in question or a third party

      * If there is a chance of damage of the rights or benefits of Sirok due to the communication or publication of the purpose of collection. 

      * When cooperating with an organization of the federal government or local public organization or entity engaged by such in the execution of a lawful task, and in the case that informing the person in question would cause difficulty in the execution of the task.

      * If the purpose is determined to be clear based on the conditions of collection

  * 7\. Change of Purpose of Personal Information Use

    * When making changes to the purposes that personal information is used for Sirok will not use the information for purposes beyond that which would be rationally considered similar to the purposes before the change, and will publicize or communicate the changes to the persons affected.

  * 8\. Safe Management of Personal Information and Supervision of Employees

    * In order to prevent leakage, loss and damage, and otherwise achieve safe management of personal information, rules for the care of personal information have been set, and proper and sufficient supervision of employees is performed. 

  * 9\. Supervision of Subcontractors

    * In cases in which Sirok outsources part or all handling of personal information, Sirok will make a contract with the outsourcing partner that includes the guarantee of data security, or require agreement to conditions that Sirok stipulates, and perform proper and sufficient supervision of the subcontractor to achieve safe management of personal data by the subcontractor.

  * 10\. Limits on the Provision of Information to Third Parties

    * Other than in the following cases, Sirok will not provide personal information to a third party without receiving the consent of the person in question.

      * To conform with a law

      * When it is necessary for the protection of a person's life, health or physical property, and it is difficult to get the approval of the person in question

      * When it is necessary for the improvement of public health or to achieve progress in the proper education of children, and it is difficult to get the approval of the person in question

      * When cooperating with an organization of the federal government or local public organization or entity engaged by such in the execution of a lawful task, and in the case that informing the person in question would cause difficulty in the execution of the task.

      * When the following conditions are made known or publicized in advance:

        * When the provision to third parties is listed as a use of collected information

        * Type of data provided to third party

        * Method of provision to third party

        * Cessation of provision of information to third party if requested by the person in question

    * However, the above will not apply to third parties that fulfill the following conditions:

      * However, the above will not apply to third parties that fulfill the following conditions:

      * When Sirok receives personal information through mergers or other such means

      * When the personal information will be used in conjunction with a specific person, and the type of information, scope of people being shared with, goal of sharing, and name or title of person responsible for the management of the personal information in question is made known to the person in question, or otherwise provide a way for this information to be easily obtained by the person in question. 

  * 11\. Publication of Facts Related to Personal Information

    * Sirok will provide a way for the following facts related to personal information to be easily obtained, and will respond without delay to requests.

      * Purposes of personal information collection (However, this does not include situations in which there is legally considered to be no obligation to do so. In cases in which Sirok has decided not to respond with the requested information, Sirok will explain this without delay

      * Contact person for personal information related requests

  * 12\. Disclosure of Personal Information

    * When Sirok receives a request from a person for disclosure of that person's personal information, Sirok will do so without delay. However, in the following cases, Sirok may decide not to disclose some or all information, and will communicate this decision immediately to the person in question. 

      * If there is a chance of harm to the life, health, property or other rights of the person in question or a third party

      * If there is a chance of damage of the rights or benefits of Sirok

      * If it would run counter to another law or ordinance

    * Additionally, as a rule Sirok will not disclose any information other than personal information such as access logs.

  * 13\. Revision, etc of Personal Information

    * In cases that Sirok receives a request from the person in question in question to alter, add or erase (hereafter "revise") personal information due to inaccuracies, Sirok will perform the needed survey without delay and make revisions to the information and inform the person in question of doing so, except in cases in which another law or ordinance requires a special process to do so.

  * 14\. Cessation of Usage of Personal Information

    * In cases that Sirok receives a request from the person in question to cease usage or erase (hereafter "cease use") personal information due to reasons such as the information being used for purposes beyond those originally publicized, or that information was acquired through fraudulent or other improper means, Sirok will perform the needed survey without delay, cease use of the personal information, and inform the person in question. However, in cases where the cessation of personal usage would require large fees or is otherwise difficult, alternative measures will be proposed to protect the person in question's rights and interests.

  * 15\. Explanation of Reasons

    * Regardless of whether it is a request from the person in question, when Sirok decides one of the following, Sirok will inform the person in question of the result and reason.

      * Will not communicate usage purpose

      * Will not release part or all of personal informationい

      * Will not cease usage of personal information

      * Will not cease provision of personal information to a third party.




Privacy Policy Management Agent  
SIROK, Inc.  
Shibuya Mark City West 17F, 1-12-1,   
Dogenzaka, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo  
150-0043
