> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the aptdeco.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161107034030id_/https%3A//www.aptdeco.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AptDeco - Privacy policy

Last Updated: Dec 02, 2014

####  Thank you for using AptDeco and visiting our website. Your privacy is important to us, and we have adopted this Privacy Policy to memorialize our data collection and disclosure practices for the AptDeco.com website and its related tools and services, including any mobile applications we provide, our online marketplace, and any web pages we control on any third party websites (collectively, the “Services”). The Services are owned and operated by AptDeco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“AptDeco,” “we,” “us” or “our”). This Privacy Policy applies to anyone using any of the Services, including without limitation our online marketplace for the purchase and sale of used furnishings, to information collected through the Services, and to any other information provided to us by visitors, our customers or users of our Services (“users,” “you” or “your”). 

##  Consent 

By using our website or other Services or expressing affirmative consent to this Privacy Policy in any other way, you consent to this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with any provisions of this Privacy Policy, you may not use the Services.  Information collected through the Services may be transferred, used and stored in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions in which we, our users, or our agents for the Services are located now or at any time in the future. If you access the Services, you consent to the capture, storage, transfer, use and processing of your Personal Information (as defined below) in and between all of those jurisdictions. The data protection and other laws in some countries and jurisdictions (such as the federal laws and some state laws in the United States) are not as comprehensive or stringent as the privacy laws in other countries and jurisdictions (such as the laws of the European Union). You agree that all transactions relating to our website, mobile applications, platform software and other Services shall be deemed to have occurred in the United States, where we currently have all of our personnel and operations. 

##  Collection of Personal Information 

We may collect Personal Information in connection with our Services. When we use the term “Personal Information” we mean information that can be used to identify an individual and may include, but is not limited to, your full or partial first name, photograph, last name, user ID, password, postal address, email address, your geographic location if you are accessing the Services from a GPS-enabled device, and any other profile information that may be used to identify you which you choose to submit through the Services. "Personal Information" also includes any credit card or debit card, PayPal, or other financial account information you may provide to us or to our third-party payment application provider for billing purposes. However, we try to send billing and payment information, including any credit card, debit card or bank account information, through third-party billing systems so that we do not store all such information on our servers. For AptDeco user account management purposes, however, we may store the last four digits of any financial account numbers you provide. You may always choose not to provide Personal Information, but this may limit your access to Services or prevent you from receiving certain Services. AptDeco may also collect Non-Personal Information about you. “Non-Personal Information” means information that is not Personal Information, including without limitation aggregated, anonymized information, information about your desktop computer and mobile device, your device’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, your purchase history, and demographic information that does not identify any particular person. Please note that we are not responsible for the privacy policies, practices or the content of websites owned by others that you may link to or that may be linked from the Services. Accordingly, we encourage you to review the privacy policies and terms of service of any such websites so that you understand how those websites collect, use and share any Personal Information they collect about you. 

##  Use of Personal Information 

AptDeco uses Personal Information to assist us in setting up accounts; improving online operations; processing transactions you initiate; to provide customer service; to provide  newsletters or other communications or services which you have signed up for or otherwise agreed to receive; to display content that is customized to your interests or preferences ( _e.g._ , displaying product recommendations based on your purchasing and browsing history on the Services); to send account- or transaction-related communications such as welcome letters and transaction confirmations; to perform research and analysis aimed at improving our products, services and technologies; and to manage and maintain our systems.  We may also use Personal Information for internal purposes to help us diagnose problems, monitor traffic patterns and otherwise continually improve our Services. 

##  Disclosure of Personal Information 

We may disclose Personal Information and Non-Personal Information about you to companies, agents, contractors, service providers or others engaged to perform functions on our behalf (such as providing data storage, hosting our website, conducting audits and performing web analytics); to fulfill delivery service requests and other services requested in connection with a purchase or other transaction you have voluntarily engaged in via the Services; and to market AptDeco products and services to you (for example, to send you messages concerning new AptDeco features or products or AptDeco special offers). We may also disclose your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information to other registered AptDeco users (e.g., your full name and address) for the limited purpose of allowing another user to satisfy his or her obligations relevant to a purchase transaction that you have expressly chosen to participate in via the Services. When you create an AptDeco account, we will set up a default AptDeco account profile page for you. By default, your first name will be displayed on your AptDeco account profile page and visible to members of the public, including other users. To the extent we make such features available to you, you may select other items of Personal Information that you wish to be included in your AptDeco account profile page, including, but not limited to a profile picture, a list of the social networking services of which you are a member, a list of any of your social networking friends or connections who are also registered users of AptDeco, connections you have established between your AptDeco account and any social networking accounts you may have, and a biography and links to your postings on the Services, if applicable (collectively, your “Profile Information”). We will display your Profile Information in your AptDeco account profile page publicly via the Services, and, with your prior permission, on third party sites. For example, with your permission, we may publish a post to your Facebook wall to tell your Facebook friends about a purchase you completed on AptDeco. Any information you choose to provide as part of your Profile Information will be publicly visible to all AptDeco Users and consequently should reflect how much you want other AptDeco Users to know about you. We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and we encourage members to think carefully about what information about themselves they choose to disclose via their account profile pages. If you publish a posting to AptDeco.com (for example, a posting for the sale of an item), we may publish that posting publicly via the Services. Any Personal Information that you choose to include in your posting will be visible to other Users. To the extent we make the feature available to you, we may also display the geographical location of your posting in the form of a map so that another user can see the general area and neighborhood associated with your posting. If you are a user requesting to purchase an item posted for sale on the Services (a “Buyer”), AptDeco may share the following information about you with the applicable seller (the “Seller”): (i) your first and last name, (ii) a link to your AptDeco account profile page, and (iii) to the extent we make the feature available to you, the names of any members of a social networking service with whom you are “friends” or associated with on such social networking service, if such individuals are also “friends” or associated with the Seller on such social media service. Further, if you are a Seller and the Buyer in the relevant purchase transaction arranges for AptDeco to provide delivery service by and through one of AptDeco’s delivery service partners, AptDeco will share your full name and postal address with the third party delivery service provider chosen by AptDeco in order to fulfill the Buyer’s request, and if Buyer elects to pick up the purchased item personally, AptDeco will share your name and postal address directly with the Buyer. We may also disclose your Personal Information to third parties, in our sole discretion, to (a) enforce or apply the terms and conditions of the Services, including investigations of potential violations thereof, (b) comply with legal or regulatory requirements or a governmental request, (c) protect the rights, property or safety of AptDeco, other users or other third parties, (d) to any authority, such as a police department or regulatory authority, or (e) detect, prevent or otherwise address fraud, security or technical problems that may arise. We may also disclose Non-Personal Information to our clients, developers, business partners, merchants, advertisers, investors, potential buyers and other third parties for any reason in our sole discretion. AptDeco reserves the right to transfer information (including your Personal Information and Non-Personal Information) to a third party in the event of a reorganization, spin-out, sale, merger, or transfer of some or all of the assets of our company, or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy, liquidation or receivership of our business. 

##  Accessing and Updating Personal Information 

When you use our Services, we make good faith efforts to provide you with access to your Personal Information and either to correct this data if it is inaccurate or to delete such data at your request if it is not otherwise required to be retained by law or for legitimate business purposes. We ask individual users to identify themselves and the Personal Information requested to be accessed, corrected or removed before processing such requests, and we may decline to process requests that are unreasonably repetitive or systematic, require disproportionate technical effort, jeopardize the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backups), or for which access is not otherwise required. In any case, where we provide access and correction of Personal Information, we perform this service free of charge, except if doing so would require a disproportionate effort. Please e-mail us at [Info@AptDeco.com](mailto:info@AptDeco.com) **** or contact us at the address stated below with any questions if you need assistance accessing or changing your Personal Information or if you would like to have your Personal Information deleted from our servers. **** Please be aware that **** if you delete your Personal Information, you may not be able to continue to use our website or other Services. If you request that we delete your Personal Information, we may in our sole discretion retain certain information, including your Personal Information, for a limited period of time to satisfy our legal, audit and/or dispute resolution requirements. In addition, any Personal Information of yours that we have previously shared with third parties would remain with those third parties, even if we delete the same or similar Personal Information from our servers. We may retain your Non-Personal information indefinitely. 

##  Cookies and Automatic Information Gathering Technologies 

Non-Personal Information (including aggregate, technical or demographic information) can also be collected through the standard operation of our internet servers and logs as well as other automatic data collection tools such as “cookies” and other similar technologies, and may be provided by us or one of our third party service provider. A “cookie” is a small text file that is recorded either temporarily or persistently on your hard drive and that a website can use in order to recognize visitors who revisit a website so as to facilitate their ongoing access to and use of the website. Information we may collect through cookies and other similar technologies includes your browser type, language preference, operating system, referring website (if applicable), the name and type of device, the operating system of your device, your geographic location, the date and time of each user visit or request, the message boards or other discussion forums you visit, and the AptDeco service endpoints that you accessed or visited during your use of the Services. We may gather the information we collect from each user and perform statistical analysis of the aggregated information, including analysis about the behavior of visitors to our website. You may prevent our use of cookies to collect Non-Personal information about you by adjusting the option that is available in most web browsers to deny or accept cookies. Recognize, however, that cookies may be necessary in order to provide certain features requested by many users, such as the customized delivery of certain information. 

##  Children 

We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children less than 13 years of age.  Nor do we authorize children less than 13 years of age to use the website or our other Services.  If we learn that we have inadvertently collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, upon receipt of notice from the child or the child’s parent or guardian, we will delete that child’s Personal Information from our systems.

##  Information Security 

We utilize a number of information security measures to safeguard your Personal Information (for example, your Personal Information will be stored behind a firewall, and no **** passwords are ever stored in plain text; instead, we store passwords behind an encryption algorithm, and we use SSL for encryption purposes). Unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the Internet, and no method of data storage can be guaranteed to be completely secure.  Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we do not guarantee its security. ****

##  Your California Privacy Rights 

A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom she or he has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (“California Customer”) is entitled to request information about whether the business has disclosed her or his Personal Information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of Personal Information, upon receipt of a request by a California Customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom Personal Information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of Personal Information that were disclosed. However, under the law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its privacy policy) a policy of not disclosing customer’s Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for direct marketing purposes and providing a cost free means to exercise that right. We have no present intention to share Personal Information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, but if we ever change our policy, we will notify you of the policy change by updating this Privacy Policy. Please note that whenever you choose to share your Personal Information with a third party or to allow your Personal Information to be shared with a third party to communicate with you, your information will be subject to the third party’s privacy policy. If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use your Personal Information and other information. You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with California’s privacy law by e-mailing [ Info@AptDeco.com](mailto:info@AptDeco.com) or contacting us as stated below. Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer per year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address. 

##  Message Boards, Social Media and Other Online Forums 

Please note that when you choose to post messages and/or profile content on messages boards and other online forums we may make available to you on our website or other Services, such content is viewable by third parties and, in the case of public online forums, is publicly viewable. Accordingly, you should exercise discretion with regard to what information (Personal Information or Non-Personal Information) you post on the Services and on third party web sites. In any event, we recommend that you do not post highly confidential or sensitive information, but we cannot control what you post on our website, on our Service, or on any other website. AptDeco is not responsible for how third parties who view your Personal Information or Non-Personal Information may use this information (such as to send you unsolicited messages). When you choose to access, register or connect with or to the Services through Facebook, Twitter or other social networking services (a “Third Party Account”), certain information (“Social Network Information”) may be collected by us. Social Network Information includes, but is not limited to, the login credentials for your Facebook Connect, Twitter or other social networking or information-sharing website account, and other information you authorize that third party site to share with us. Social Network Information may also include personally identifiable information about other individuals that our users authorize and provide to us. AptDeco does not evade or circumvent personal privacy settings on Facebook or any other third party site. Also, AptDeco does not have any control over any third party websites’ or services’ privacy practices; such websites or services are governed by their respective privacy policies, which policies you should review carefully. You may be given an opportunity to link your AptDeco account with a Third Party Account by either: (i) providing your Third Party Account login information to AptDeco through the Services; or (ii) allowing AptDeco to access your Third Party Account in accordance with the applicable terms and conditions that govern your use of each Third Party Account. By granting AptDeco access to any Third Party Account, you understand that AptDeco will access content that you have provided to and that you have stored in your Third Party Account, and that AptDeco may make it available for viewing by others through the Services via your AptDeco account and your AptDeco account profile page. Depending on the Third Party Accounts you choose and subject to the privacy settings that you have set in such Third Party Accounts, Personal Information that you post to your Third Party Accounts may be made available on the Services for viewing by other Users. If you wish to disable a connection between your AptDeco account and any of your Third Party Accounts, you may do so by accessing the “Dashboard” section of AptDeco.com. 

##  Changes to this Policy 

AptDeco may modify or update this Privacy Policy periodically with or without prior notice by posting an updated Privacy Policy on our website or as part of our Services. You can always check the “Last Updated” date at the top of this document to see when the Privacy Policy was last changed.  We encourage you to check this Privacy Policy from time to time. Your continued use of our website and/or Services following the posting of an updated Privacy Policy constitutes your consent to the contents of such Privacy Policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO FUTURE CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MUST STOP USING OUR WEBSITE AND SERVICES AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF SUCH CHANGES.  Please note that upon leaving the Services, any Privacy Policy in effect immediately prior to your leaving shall continue to be binding on you.

##  Questions 

To ask questions about our Privacy Policy, obtain more information, review your Personal Information, or to lodge a complaint, contact us at [Info@AptDeco.com](mailto:info@AptDeco.com) ****.
