> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nestpick.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161117024155id_/https%3A//www.nestpick.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy • Nestpick

### 1\. Responsible contact

Responsible for the website www.nestpick.com and related services including handling of personal information is

Nestpick Global Services GmbH  
Unter den Linden 32-34  
D-10117 Berlin  
Germany  
Managing directors: Ömer Kücükdere, Fabio Tran  
Registered at the local court of Berlin (Charlottenburg) under registration number: HRB 161705 B  
phone number: +49 211 959 868 44  
email address: info@nestpick.com  
(referred to as „NESTPICK“)  


This Privacy Policy explains how NESTPICK collects, uses, stores, shares and protects information about visitors (“Users”) of www.nestpick.com (consisting of various sites, together referred to as the “Website”).

  


### 2\. Data collection and storage

Nestpick only collects personal data such as a User’s name or e-mail- address by way of direct communication of a User.

Regarding other, non-personal data, NESTPICK may automatically collect information about the website that a User came from or is going to, internet protocol address and browser type.

NESTPICK’s servers are located in Ireland Region. Servers of service providers may be located in other locations.

  


### 3\. Newsletter

NESTPICK would like to keep Users up to date with regular email updates, i.e a newsletter. A registration for NESTPICK’s newsletter is available on the Website. NESTPICK may use Users’ email addresses to send Users information about products or services that are the same as or similar to those available on the Website. The consent Users give to receive emails is as follows:

_“I agree that NESTPICK uses my personal information for advertisement, marketing, and market research purposes. This includes sending me emails with advertising information by NESTPICK or directly by its partners regarding products and services from NESTPICK or other products.”_

Users may unsubscribe newsletters at any time by using the link provided in the newsletter or contact Nestpick directly under info@nestpick.com

  


### 4\. Cookies

NESTPICK uses cookies to collect information about how this Website is used in order to keep the Website up to date and error-free. Cookies are small pieces of information in text form sent by a web server to a web browser allowing the server to uniquely identify the browser on each page. If Users want to delete cookies that are stored on Users’ computer, this can be done via respective Users’ browser settings. Please note that disabling NESTPICKs cookies may limit the access to the Website.

  


### 5\. Tracking

Google Analytics: The Website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc.(“Google”). Google Analytics uses Cookies. The information generated by a Cookie about Users’ use of the Website (including User’s internet protocol address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google uses this information for the purposes of evaluating User’s use of the Website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators, and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties when required to do so by law or when such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate User’s internet protocol address with any other information held by Google. User may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on User’s browser and/or device. By using this Website, information about Users will be processed by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Users can find out more about Google’s privacy policy for Google Analytics and how to opt out of Google Analytics on https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

New Relic: The Website uses a tool provided by New Relic, 101 Second Street, 15th Floor, San Francisco, CA 94105, USA, to monitor the performance of web servers. The tool collects potentially personally-identifying information such as internet protocol addresses and database queries. Such information is not used to identify its Users. For more information please review the New Relic privacy policy available under https://newrelic.com/privacy.

  


### 6\. Changes to the Privacy Policy

NESTPICK may change this privacy policy. An updated version of this Privacy Policy will be placed on the Website. Regularly reviewing the Website ensures that Users are always aware of the Privacy Policy’s latest version.

  


### 7\. Contact

For feedback, questions or other comments regarding this Privacy Policy please contact info@nestpick.com, write to Nestpick Global Services GmbH, Unter den Linden 32-34, D-10117 Berlin, Germany, or call NESTPICK under 0(049) 211 959 868 44.

\- last update: 4 October 2016 -

  


Welcome to Nestpick. This site uses cookies to provide, protect and improve our service. By continuing to use our site, you agree to our [privacy policy](https://web.archive.org/privacy-policy/).OK
