> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the doc.govt.nz privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171120133903id_/http%3A//www.doc.govt.nz/footer-links/privacy-and-security) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy and security

You may browse and access information contained within this website without providing any personal information.

## Forms

Where you voluntarily provide personal information (eg, through email feedback, surveys, or registration forms), we will only use that information for the purpose it was collected. We will keep any such information secure and will not disclose it to any third parties.

## Social media

We use a number of social media communities where you may voluntarily submit information. These include some rules to protect privacy. Social media users should make themselves aware of the individual social media sites' terms of service. Read our [social media community rules](https://web.archive.org/news/social-media/community-rules/).

## Email newsletters

When you subscribe to one of our [email newsletters](https://web.archive.org/news/newsletters/), we collect your name and email address. Once subscribed, your details will be added to a mailing list that is used to distribute e-newsletters.

We sometimes use Campaign Monitor, a dedicated e-newsletter communication tool to easily manage and distribute project news. Campaign Monitor is based in Australia and may use servers based in the United States of America and Europe, and therefore your information may be disclosed or used in such countries. Campaign Monitor will use your information in accordance with its [Privacy policy (external site)](https://www.campaignmonitor.com/policies/).

We monitor the effectiveness of these newsletters using analytical tools offered by Campaign Monitor that collect the following information:

  * unique opens – the number and email addresses of subscribers that have opened the email
  * email client usage – which email account (Gmail, Outlook, Hotmail) was used to open the email
  * regions – where this email has been opened
  * bounced – the number of emails that weren't successful due to an inactive address, DNS failure, or if the recipient's mailbox was full
  * not opened – the number and email addresses of subscribers that didn't open the email
  * shares – the number of times the newsletter has been shared via email, Facebook or Twitter by subscriber
  * most popular links – the most clicks on any links directing to other websites or information not contained in the email.



There is no ability to collect information beyond this, or to track the recipient outside of a specific e-newsletter. Once the recipient has closed the newsletter, no further information can be collected.

## Online booking

Our online booking system uses an in-memory cookie, which is set to last no longer than 30 minutes. The cookie itself doesn't collect any personal information about you (it is used to hold basic authentication-related information) and the content is encrypted.

Information you provide as part of the booking process is retained on a secure site so we can contact you regarding your booking and maintain and manage your booking. 

If you have indicated acceptance in completing surveys or evaluations on your booking, you may be contacted within the next 18 months.

Your information will not be passed onto third parties unless:

  1. it relates to services booked by you on the Department of Conservation website but supplied by a third party and the third party requires those details.
  2. it is required by Police or Search and Rescue to carry out searches, rescues or in Civil Defence emergencies. 



## Google Analytics

This site also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. This provides traffic analysis to help us improve our website.

Google Analytics also uses cookies. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the site is transmitted to, and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google uses this information for the purpose of evaluating how you use this site, compiling reports on site activity, and providing other services relating to site activity and internet usage.

Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.

Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

If you have enabled Google to associate your web and app browsing history with your Google account, Google Analytics may use this information for cross-device remarketing to personalise advertisements across your desktop and other devices

When you use this site you consent to the processing of data about you by Google, in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

## Contact

If you wish to view any personal information held by the department, or if you have any questions, contact our Departmental Privacy Officer, email: [privacy@doc.govt.nz](mailto:privacy@doc.govt.nz).
