> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the docdroid.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-02-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180215153419id_/https%3A//www.docdroid.net/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - DocDroid

DocDroid is maintained by Lunaweb Ltd, Munich (Germany). If you do not agree to our Privacy Policy and the other terms stated below, please do not use our services and [let us know about your concerns](https://www.docdroid.net/contact). We reserve the right to change our Privacy Policy and other terms stated below at any time. If changes occur, we will clearly indicate such alterations at the top of this page with the date of modification. 

##  Handling of Your Uploaded Documents 

In the course of providing the service your files are transferred to and from servers of DocDroid. We do not read, look into or mine any data from your files or its metadata. We do not make any copies of it. All file processing is done by machine and there is no human interaction with your files. Your files are deleted immediately and irreversible from our servers when you click the Delete button. 

## Sharing Your Data

We will not, under any circumstances whatsoever, give out or sell your documents or personal data to anyone. Also, no one, you did not provide the DocDroid link, will ever have access to your documents. 

## Keeping your Data

We will keep your personal data for as long as it is necessary to provide you with our services. If your personal data is no longer necessary, we can keep it in an identifiable form for maximum one year. Your documents are deleted immediately and irreversible from our servers when use the "Delete" button. 

##  Personal Data Collected by Us 

By visiting our website and/or using our API, your IP address will be logged along with the dates and times of access. If you decide to create a DocDroid account, we collect your eMail address and your chosen username also. Also, if you use our contact form we collect your eMail address and your name. By subscribing, we need to additionally collect your full name, physical address, company name and VAT id. We **do not** collect your credit card data nor have access to it. Credit card payments are handled by our payment provider [Stripe](https://www.stipe.com/). Before providing any personal data to Stripe, please make sure that you have read their privacy policies. 

##  Use of Your Personal Data 

We do log your IP address to prevent abuse of our service and for broad demographic analysis. We do not link this information to any personally identifiable information. If you provide an eMail address we use it to communicate with you. If you subscribe for our services your name, company and address is used to create the invoice. Your VAT id may be used to check if you qualify to exempt of paying VAT. 

## Modifying or Deleting Your Data

Your data can be modified in the Settings menu. Also, you can delete your account there. This will delete your account and all associated data permanently. 

## Security

We are committed to protect your personal data and your files. All transfers from and to DocDroid are SSL encrypted. All DocDroid servers are located in the European Union, are protected and cannot be accessed by third parties. 

## Cookies

DocDroid stores so-called "cookies" in order to be able to offer you a comprehensive range of functions and to make it easier to use our websites. "Cookies" are small files which are stored on your computer with the help of the internet browser. If you do not want to use "cookies", you can prevent "cookies" from being stored on your computer using the corresponding settings on your internet browser. Please note that this may restrict the functional capability and the range of functions of our offer. 

## Third Party Plugins

This website uses third party plugins like the Google +1 button, the Facebook button, the Twitter button or Google Analytics. These plugins will also use “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google/Twitter/Facebook on servers in the United States. 
