> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the docker.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150502120923id_/https%3A//www.docker.com/legal/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Legal - Terms, Policies, Trademarks, and More | Docker

Information Collected Docker offers a variety of services that are collectively referred to as the “Services.” Docker collects information from individuals who visit the Company’s Website (“Visitors”) and individuals who register to use the Services (“Customers”). When expressing an interest in obtaining additional information about the Services or registering to use the Services, Docker may require you to provide the Company with personal contact information, such as name, company name, address, phone number, and email address (“Required Contact Information”). When purchasing the Services, Docker may require you to provide the Company with financial qualification and billing information, such as billing name and address, credit card number, and the number of employees within the organization that will be using the Services (“Billing Information”). Docker may also ask you to provide additional information, such as company annual revenues, number of employees, or industry (“Optional Information”). Required Contact Information, Billing Information, and Optional Information are referred to collectively as “Data About Docker Customers.” As you navigate the Company’s Website, Docker may also collect information through the use of commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and Web beacons (“Website Navigational Information”). Website Navigational Information includes standard information from your Web browser (such as browser type and browser language), your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, and the actions you take on the Company’s Website (such as the Web pages viewed and the links clicked). By choosing to provide any information to Docker, you are giving the Company permission to use and store such information consistent with this privacy policy. The Company also collects and uses personal data regarding its employees (“Employee Data”), which may include: name, address, job title and other job information, location, compensation information, identification number, employment history, and copy of employment agreement.

Website Navigational Information Docker may use commonly-used information-gathering tools, such as cookies and Web beacons, to collect information as you navigate the Company’s Website (“Website Navigational Information”). This section describes the types of Website Navigational Information that may be collected on the Company’s Website and how this information may be used.

4.1 Cookies - Docker may use cookies to make interactions with the Company’s Website easy and meaningful. When you visit the Company’s Website, Docker’s servers send a cookie to your computer. Standing alone, cookies do not personally identify you. They merely recognize your Web browser. Unless you choose to identify yourself to Docker, either by responding to a promotional offer, opening an account, or filling out a Web form, you remain anonymous to the Company. Docker uses cookies that are session-based and persistent-based. Session cookies exist only during one session. They disappear from your computer when you close your browser software or turn off your computer. Persistent cookies remain on your computer after you close your browser or turn off your computer. If you have chosen to identify yourself to Docker, the Company uses session cookies containing encrypted information to allow the Company to uniquely identify you. Each time you log into the Services, a session cookie containing an encrypted, unique identifier that is tied to your account is placed your browser. These session cookies allow the Company to uniquely identify you when you are logged into the Services and to process your online transactions and requests. Session cookies are required to use the Services. Docker may use persistent cookies that only the Company can read and use to identify browsers that have previously visited the Company’s Website. When you purchase the Services or provide the Company with personal information, a unique identifier is assigned to you. This unique identifier is associated with a persistent cookie that the Company places on your Web browser. The Company is especially careful about the security and confidentiality of the information stored in persistent cookies. For example, the Company does not store account numbers or passwords in persistent cookies. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the setting of cookies. If you disable your Web browser’s ability to accept cookies, you will be able to navigate the Company’s Website, but you will not be able to successfully use the Services. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log on to our site. Docker may use information from session and persistent cookies in combination with Data About Docker Customers to provide you with information about the Company and the Services.

4.2 Web Beacons - Docker may use Web beacons alone or in conjunction with cookies to compile information about Customers and Visitors’ usage of the Company’s Website and interaction with emails from the Company. Web beacons are clear electronic images that can recognize certain types of information on your computer, such as cookies, when you viewed a particular Website tied to the Web beacon, and a description of a Website tied to the Web beacon. For example, Docker may place Web beacons in marketing emails that notify the Company when you click on a link in the email that directs you to one of the Company’s Website. Docker uses Web beacons to operate and improve the Company’s Website and email communications. Docker may use information from Web beacons in combination with Data About Docker Customers to provide you with information about the Company and the Services.

4.3 Flash Cookies - Docker may use local shared objects, also known as Flash cookies, to store your preferences or display content based upon what you view on our site to personalize your visit. Third parties, with whom the Company partners to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies.

4.4 IP Addresses - When you visit Docker’s Website, the Company may collect your Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses to track and aggregate non-personal information. For example, Docker may uses IP addresses to monitor the regions from which Customers and Visitors navigate the Company’s Website.

4.5 Third Party Cookies - From time-to-time, Docker may engage third parties to track and analyze usage and volume statistical information from individuals who visit the Company’s Website. Docker may also use other third-party cookies to track the performance of Company advertisements. The information provided to third parties does not include personal information, but this information may be re-associated with personal information after the Company receives it. Docker may also contract with third-party advertising networks that collect IP addresses and other Website Navigational Information on the Company’s Website and emails and on third-party Websites. Ad networks follow your online activities over time by collecting Website Navigational Information through automated means, including through the use of cookies. They use this information to provide advertisements about products and services tailored to your interests. You may see these advertisements on other Websites. This process also helps us manage and track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
