> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the doctoantivirus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140625102015id_/http%3A//doctoantivirus.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DoctoAntivirus

Your privacy is important to AS Internet Ltd. (the "Company"). To better protect your privacy, we provide this Private Policy (the "PP"), which explains our online information practices regarding the way your personal information is collected and used by us. We hope this PP will increase your confidence in our DoctoAntivirus website (the "Site") and enhance your Internet experience. By accessing the Site and/or by installing the Software (as defined in the EULA), you have agreed to be bound by this PP, the Terms of Use (the "TOU") and the licensing terms set forth in the Software Licensing Agreement (the "EULA"), which are available on the Site, and may be amended from time to time. If you do not agree with this PP, the TOU or the EULA, please do not use the Site and the Software. By using the Site and the Software, you expressly accept and give your unambiguous consent that your personal information gained with registration on the Site and in connection with your use of the Site and the Software may be transferred across international borders to server locations supporting the Site for operating and developing the Site, including transfers to Company's subcontractors, agents or representatives and services, or for the purposes of storing the data in the relevant databases.  
IMPORTANT NOTICE: In order to receive important product updates, notification of product error fixes, or other relevant Company information, you must choose to receive email messages from us. If you choose not to receive email messages, we will be unable to communicate with you via email or any other means. 

#### 1.Collection of Personally Identifiable Information.

The Company may collect information about your PC, tablet, mobile phone or any other applicable device, about files stored or applications installed and web pages you visited, icons or fields that you clicked on and/or search sites you have accessed when threats or potential threats are identified. This information, subject to your consent, is transmitted back to the Company. The Company may also collect personal information for the provision, development and personalization of the Software, as well as for research and statistics purposes. In addition, personal information may be used for the purposes of personal communication with you in order to respond to your questions, and comply with your requests (to the extent the Company chooses to do so). You hereby provide his consent to the Company to provide any information the Company has collected, and any information you has submitted, to the Company's business partners or affiliates. 

#### 2\. How We Use Your Information.

Data and information collected is generally used to help the Company improve the Software and the protection it provides to you, provide you with content and opportunities the Company thinks may be of interest to you, better understand your need and provide you with the most suitable products and services. Through the collection of data from you, we can continually improve our Software, Site and any services provided therewith. Non-personally identifiable information may be provided to other parties for advertising, marketing or other uses. Finally, Company will not use or transfer your personally identifiable information in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out or block these unrelated uses.

####  3\. Cookies.

One of the data collection instruments we use are Cookies. Cookies are text files which are sent by a website to your browser software and are stored on your Internet device. The Company or its third-party designees will use only information they placed themselves in Cookies through the Software in order to document your visits on the various website. No personal information about you is gathered through the use of these types of Cookies. If you do not wish to receive cookies, or wishes to be notified when a cookie is set, you may configure his browser accordingly, if the browser allows such settings. If you choose to decline Cookies, you are hereby informed that you may not be able to fully experience all features of the Software.

#### 4\. How We Protect Children's Privacy.

We do not target or sell products, programs or services to children. Children under 13 years of age may not submit personally identifiable information without the consent of a parent. We do not provide any personally identifiable information about children less than 13 years of age to any third party for any purpose whatsoever. 

#### 5\. Release of information. 

You are advised that Company may provide data and information collected by it to third parties, in case (a) Company believes it is required to do so as part of any business operations with third parties that provide services to Company; (b) the Company goes through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or sale of all or a portion of its assets; (c) the Company believes that such release is necessary in order to comply with applicable law and/or protect the safety and security of other users; (d) if the Company at its sole discretion deems such transfer of information necessary in order protect any of its legal or property rights; or (e) the Company believes such release of information may be required in order to achieve the goals provided in Section 2 above. 

#### 6\. Right to Peruse Information.

According to the right to peruse information under the Israeli Protection of Privacy Law, 5741-1981, every individual is entitled, whether himself or through a proxy so authorized in writing or through his/her legal guardian, to peruse information pertaining to him/herself that is stored in a database. Having perused such information and found it to be inaccurate, incomplete, unclear or out of date, such a person may contact the database owner and request to correct, amend or delete the data in question. Had the database owner refused to permit access or comply with a request to amend or delete information, the applicant may appeal to a magistrate’s court as stipulated by applicable regulations.  
Moreover, should the information contained in the database be used for purposes of personally soliciting you, based on your affiliation to any population group as determined according to one or more attributes of people whose names are included in the database (“solicitation for commercial purposes”), the Protection of Privacy Law, 5741-1981, entitles you to submit a written request that such information pertaining to you be deleted from the database. In such a case, the website management will delete any information required for solicitation for commercial purposes as stated above. Please note that deleting such information might prevent you from continuing to receive services from the website. Any information required by the website management to conduct its business – including documentation of commercial and other activities performed by you on the website – will continue to be legally stored by the website management according to law, but will no longer be used to personally solicit you. If you do not receive notification that the information that the website management was requested to delete has in fact been deleted according to the provisions of this paragraph within 30 days, you will be entitled to apply to a magistrate’s court in the manner specified in the applicable regulations having the force of law, in order for it to instruct the website management to act as stated. 

#### 7\. Miscellaneous.

This PP is subject to the TOU and EULA made available to you herewith, and may be amended by the Company from time to time, without any prior notice. Any revised version of this PP will be deemed to be applicable from the first date of its publication and you agree to be bound by such modified terms as of the date first publicized.

#### 8\. How You Contact Us

The Company encourages you to raise any concerns that they have about the way that the Company process their data by contacting us by email to contact@doctoantivirus.com 
