> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the doctorshealthpress.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170613074021id_/http%3A//www.doctorshealthpress.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Our Privacy Policy & Terms of Use

## PRIVACY POLICY & TERMS OF USE

Doctors Health Press Inc. is the publisher of the free editorial content health e-newsletter The Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin and its respective web sites DoctorsHealthPress.com and Foods4BetterHealth.com (herein collectively as the “Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin”). 

The personal information you provide us is used for delivery of the Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin you have opted-in to receive (e.g. your name, address, and/or email address). To help fund the cost of publishing the Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin, aside from the editorial content you will receive in the Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin, you will also receive advertisements for Doctors Health Press, advertisements from our approved partners, paid content via e-mail and via ad blurbs in our Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin. If you want to opt-out from receiving these advertisements, or from receiving our Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin, you can do so by (1) using the opt-out link that is at the bottom of our editorial and advertisements e-mails, or (2) by contacting us at the mailing address below, or (3) by sending us an e-mail to the e-mail address below.

**TRACKING:** Any time you visit Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin, our computer servers, and third party analytical tools we use, record information gathered from your browser such as your IP address, your browser type, Internet service provider, referring pages, exit pages, time spent on each page, number of clicks and other tracking information. In the future we may implement newer tracking technologies. This Privacy Policy & Terms of Use will be updated to reflect any changes pertaining to how visitor activity is tracked.

**BROWSER INFORMATION:** Browser information is used by us to analyze user trends, administer our web sites, help prevent fraudulent activity, and to help collect demographic information. This tracking information may be shared with our affiliated companies, but only as collective information. Individual activity will not be shared externally unless we are required to by law, or to protect Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin, our other customers, or anyone else who may be at risk.

**COOKIES & PIXELS:** Cookies are text files that store information about an Internet user’s browsing behavior/history and which permits ad networks to identify a user and provide him/her with targeted ads based on the user’s Internet browsing behavior/history. A pixel is the code that is placed on a web site in order to trigger a cookie. We often use cookies and pixels to recall user preferences and to track visits to Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin so that we can better understand user behavior on our web sites and to enable us to provide our visitors with advertisements for our paid content after and during their visits to our web sites. 

**MOBILE ANALYTICS:** As part of our analytics, the Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin uses software which enables us to get a better understanding of how our sites look and work on mobile devices. Mobile analytics software tracks information on how you interact with our sites on your mobile device. The mobile tracking information we collect may be shared with our affiliated companies, but only collectively. Information on your individual visits will not be shared externally unless we are required to by law, or to protect the Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin, our other customers, or anyone else who may be at risk.

**DISCLOSING VISITOR INFORMATION WHEN REQUIRED TO BY LAW:** When required to do so by law, we reserve the right to disclose users’ profile information, including both personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable information. You consent to us disclosing any information you provide or we collect, if in our sole discretion, we believe that this disclosure is (1) in compliance with federal, state, municipal, and/or any other legal regulations, including requests from law enforcement agencies, or any other legal process; (2) defend and safeguard the Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin, or a third party’s, property or legal rights; or (3) protect the health and safety of you or another person.

**NOTICE:** BY USING THE DOCTORS HEALTH PRESS E-BULLETIN YOU SIGNIFY YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY & TERMS OF USE AND OF OUR PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY & TERMS OF USE. The Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin requires consideration from the user for and as a condition of your access. By reading and accepting our Privacy Policy & Terms of Use you are granting us consideration for the right to view the Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin. You are denied access to the Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin unless you read our Privacy Policy & Terms of Use. 

**USE & COPYRIGHTS:** You are prohibited from copying, saving, printing, selling, hyperlinking, using our URL, or reproducing, in any manner whatsoever, any of the information in the Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin. You may not use the Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin for any illegal use. All of our content is copyrighted.

**THIRD PARTY LINKS & CONTENT:** Content in the Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin may contain links to other websites maintained by third parties (“Other Sites”), either as a hyperlink or through a direct data feed accessed by you. The Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin does not endorse, and is not responsible for, the privacy practices or the content of these websites. You should review the applicable privacy policies in connection with your use of such third party websites.

We may, from time to time in emails, alerts or other communications you have agreed to accept from us, include advertisements, sponsorships, other offers from or information about third parties. This does not and will not mean that Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin endorses any specific products or services available from such third parties. Such materials from those third parties, regardless of their relationship with us, are provided merely for information purposes and users should make their own judgments and evaluation of any services or products available on any other websites. 

**SECURITY:** Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin takes reasonable steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy & Terms of Use. While we do our best to protect your personal information, Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. 

**DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION:** We may disclose necessary personal information to third parties or service providers that help us provide services to you or deliver paid products to you. For example, we will disclose your billing information to payment processors for the purpose of processing and transactions you execute with us. Also, we will disclose your shipping address to fulfilment and shipping contractors to deliver product your order from us to you.  
**ACCESS YOUR INFORMATION:** Upon written request, Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin may provide you access to, or allow you to modify your personal information we hold about you. If your access request is denied, we will give you the reasons for denying your request. All requests for access should be directed to the e-mail address below.

**OTHER:** Persons under the age of 18 are denied access. By viewing our content you waive all rights to claims of damages arising from the use of the Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin. By viewing our content you indemnify and hold us harmless from and against and all claims. We reserve the right to deny access to the Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin by any person for any reason. Our Privacy Policy was last updated and posted April 7, 2017. As part of your consideration to access the Doctors Health Press e-Bulletin, and since our Privacy Policy & Terms of Use may change based on new laws and regulations, you promise to regularly review our Privacy Policy & Terms of Use for updates and changes.

To contact us, or to opt out from receiving our information:

**Doctors Health Press** ,  
60 State Street, Suite 700, Boston,  
MA 02109-1894  
or Email: [info@doctorshealthpress.com](mailto:info@doctorshealthpress.com)[](mailto:doctorshealthpress@lombardipublishing.com)  
or Call Us at: [1-844-744-3579](tel:1-844-744-3579)
