> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the doctor.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-04-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090411183338id_/http%3A//www.doctor.com/content/privacy_policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

_Last Updated: 05/21/2008_

We value your right to privacy. This policy governs the collection of personal information through the Doctor.com website (“Website”). This policy describes the types of information we may collect from visitors and how that information is used. Please read this policy carefully before providing us with any personal information. If you have questions about this policy, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/web/20090411183338id_/http%3A//www.doctor.com/content/contactus.php).

The policy was last updated as of the date above and this represents the current policy in effect and governing all personal information collected both before and after this date (see below section **Changes to this Privacy Policy** ).

**Information we collect.**

_Unregistered users_   
You can register at Doctor.com to take advantage of personalization features. 

If you do not register, then the information we collect from you is limited. We log your IP address in order to help diagnose problems with our server, administer the WebsiteWebsite and track usage statistics. Your IP address may vary each time you visit, or it may be the same. It would be extremely difficult for us to identify you through your IP address, and we make no attempt to do so. If you reached our site by clicking on a link or advertisement on another site, we may log that information. All of this information is collected and used only in the aggregate.

We may place a small “cookie” file on your computer's hard drive. A cookie may contain information that allows us to track your path through our Website and to determine whether you have visited us before. Unless you register with us, the cookie contains no personally identifiable information. We may use cookies to help us understand how visitors use our Website, and to help us to improve. You may elect not to accept cookies by changing settings in your browser. 

_Registered users_  
If you choose to register with us, you'll be able to add content to certain areas of our Website and also participate with more of our site features. For example, you may enhance your listing or you may participate in additional community or posting features. You can provide your email address to receive newsletters and other information. If you register with us, we will collect personal information from you in addition to the non-personal information described above. That personal information may include but is not limited to your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, doctor office information, work and educational history, user name and password, as well as contact information. The information we collect may vary, but we only collect the information that you manually enter into our forms or otherwise authorize us to collect. We may store all or some of that information in a cookie file on your hard drive, so that our system will recognize you each time you visit our site. In that way, we can save your preferences from visit to visit and present you with a customized Website, without requiring you to log into our site every time you visit. The information that you provide will also be used to enhance you listing if you have one such that the public can better learn about you. To improve services and enhance personalization, we may periodically obtain information about you from other independent third-party sources and add it to your registration information. Additionally, authorized personnel may update your registration information to accurately reflect any new information included in communications received from you.

If you reach our site through one of our partners and you choose to register with us, we may be required to give our partner your registration information. 

**How we use the personal information we collect.**   
Registering allows you to personalize our Website so that it is most useful to you. It allows you to enhance your listings. It also allows you to log into our site automatically each time you visit, rather than manually typing your user name and password every time. We may use your personal information to periodically contact you with news or important information, to provide you with other information or invitations related to your membership, and to request your feedback on our Website. In addition to these periodic updates, we may email you additional marketing materials that you have requested. These might include opt-in newsletters and partner offers. You may opt-out of any or all marketing communications in any commercial e-mail we send or at any time (opt-out links are provided in all emails and any fax or mail correspondence we send you will also include opt-out instructions).

We may also use certain information that you provide in order to present you with advertising that you may find interesting. This benefits both of us. It benefits us because advertising helps pay the bills, and we can charge our advertisers more if they know that their ads will be seen by somebody more likely to find it useful. It benefits you because you see advertising that is more likely to be interesting to you and because it permits us to offer you a broader range of free services. Also information will be used to help consumers more easily find the doctor that best meets their needs or does not meet their needs.

You may choose to participate in referral programs to friends or colleages. In this case we will contact those parties via the information that you give us or with messaging sent from the “From” e-mail address you specify.

**Disclosure of your personal information.**  
We may share some of your personally identifiable information with our parent company, our subsidiaries and sister companies. We do not place restrictions on the use of personal information by our parent company, subsidiaries, or affiliates but require that they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other users. They also will comply with applicable laws governing the transmission of promotional communications, and must give you an opportunity in any such email that they send to choose not to receive such promotional e-mail messages in the future.

We also may share your personal information with third-parties engaged to provide services to us (such as market research firms, marketing services providers and advertising agencies). We will ensure those parties to agree to use any such personally-identifiable data solely for the purpose of providing the specified services to us. We must cooperate with legal authorities, and may in some circumstances be required to disclose personally identifiable information in response to requests from law enforcement authorities, or in response to a subpoena or other legal process. We can turn over information about you if we believe we must in order to prevent a violation of the law, and by accepting this policy, you consent to our doing so, in our sole discretion. You also consent to our disclosing information about you in the course of legal proceedings if we are legally required to do so, if we reasonably believe that doing so may mitigate our liability, or if doing so will assist us in enforcing our legal rights. We also may share your information in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale, and in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.

**Billing Information  
**Financial information including credit card and bank account information, and other such billing information is not stored on Doctor.com servers or in any Doctor.com databases. When you submit this information during checkout on the Doctor.com Website, the information is encrypted and sent encrypted via a Secure Socket Layer (SSL) connection to be processed by a secure third-party payment processing service such as PayPal. Unless required by legal authorities, Doctor.com will never share or disclose this information with any third-party aside from Doctor.com’s payment processors, merchant accounts, and data security services.

**Newsletter E-mails, Faxes, and Postal Mail We Send to You  
**At registration and at various times as you use Doctor.com, you will be given the option of receiving recurring informational/promotional newsletters via email from Doctor.com and/or directly from carefully chosen third parties. At any time you may choose to Opt-In to receiving additional promotional emails from Doctor.com. In order to subscribe to Doctor.com newsletters via email, you must provide us with your contact information, such as your name and email address. You can unsubscribe from the newsletters at any time by clicking on the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any email newsletter or by contacting us. Once you have submitted your unsubscribe request, please allow five business days for it to be processed and for your email address to be removed from our list. . Doctor.com may use third parties to help track activity or response to promotion or trends. In some cases, this may occur when you click on a link or an advertisement on the Website or in an e-mail or newsletter and your browser may be momentarily directed to the website of a third party and such redirection might occur fast enough that it is not apparent to you

**E-mails, Faxes, and Postal Mail You Send to Us  
**This Privacy Policy does not apply to content, business information, ideas, concepts or inventions that you send to us by email, fax, or postal mail. If you want to keep content or business information, ideas, concepts or inventions private or proprietary, do not share such information with Doctor.com.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy.**  
We reserve the right to change this policy should we deem it advisable to do so. We will always post the latest date indicating the most current policy in effect. Any update will automatically apply so we encourage you to review. If we make material changes that will affect personal information we have already collected from you, we will make reasonable efforts to notify you of the changes and give you the opportunity to amend or cancel your registration.
