> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the documentary-movie.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160505213229id_/http%3A//documentary-movie.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Documentary-Movie.com

This website (Documentary-Movie.com) uses Google Analytics to help analyse how users use the site. The tool uses “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to collect standard Internet log information and visitor behaviour information in an anonymous form. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including IP address) is transmitted to Google. This information is then used to evaluate visitors’ use of the website and to compile statistical reports on website activity for Documentary-Movie.com.

We will never (and will not allow any third party to) use the statistical analytics tool to track or to collect any Personally Identifiable Information (PII) of visitors to our site. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. Neither we nor Google will link, or seek to link, an IP address with the identity of a computer user. We will not associate any data gathered from this site with any Personally Identifiable Information from any source, unless you explicitly submit that information via a fill-in form on our website.

Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to this website. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to users that are based on their visits to this site and/or other sites across the internet.

You may choose to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically default to accept them, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies.
