> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the vg247.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140621022302id_/http%3A//www.vg247.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy and Data Policy | VG247

**VG247.com will use information collected about you in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.**

  1. VG247.com may ask you for certain information and you may submit personal data to VG247.com (such as your name, email address and contact details) when you subscribe or sign up to VG247.com. 
  2. VG247.com may also record which parts of VG247.com and services you are interested in as well as user traffic patterns and site use. This information will be kept securely in accordance with an internal security policy and may be used to: 
    1. process your User Content and your subscription to VG247.com and to enable your use of VG247.com and associated services; 
    2. open and run your account and provide you with an up to date, efficient and reliable service; 
    3. administer prize draws; 
    4. generally run VG247.com;
    5. send you newsletters and alerts when you sign up for or subscribe to them.
  3. By subscribing and submitting your data you agree to this use. 
  4. From time to time VG247.com also monitor and record telephone calls for training purposes and to improve the service to you. 
  5. VG247.com will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. 
  6. In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998, VG247.com is registered with the Information Commissioner [notification number Z6679757]. 
  7. If you believe VG247.com has information about you that you do not want VG247.com to have or that is incorrect, please contact VG247.com as described below and VG247.com shall correct or remove the data as you request as soon as is reasonably practicable. 
  8. If you have any other concerns over privacy, this privacy policy or this Web Site please contact VG247.com as described below.



**Marketing Communications**

  1. VG247.com gives you a choice whether or not you want VG247.com or other reputable companies to contact you about future offers, events and new services or related activities that you may find useful. VG247.com won’t sell or trade personal information to other companies but VG247.com would like to keep you informed of the developments on VG247.com and certain Content and VG247.com would like to share data with other reputable companies who may have interesting offers and information for you (inside or outside the EU). 
  2. VG247.com will not send you any marketing emails or pass your information on to third parties unless you give your consent or you have given it already.



**Cookies**

  1. VG247.com uses ‘cookies’ on VG247.com. Cookies are a way that information such as whether you have visited VG247.com before is recorded on your computer and used by VG247.com to improve VG247.com and the services available to you. If you do not wish for VG247.com to use cookies when you use VG247.com please adjust your Internet browser settings to not accept cookies. Your computer’s help file should tell you how to do this but please note that this may affect your ability to use VG247.com and the Content. 
  2. If you don’t disable “cookies” VG247.com will ask for and store details including name and email address and may automatically insert certain information on the Content submission forms so that you can use VG247.com with less form filling.



All email and other communications sent by VG247.com and attachments thereto are intended only for the addressee and/or others authorised to receive them.
