> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the levelsex.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190303040055id_/https%3A//levelsex.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - LevelSex

This document details important information regarding the use and disclosure of User Data collected on levelsex.com The security of your Data is very important to levelsex.com and as such we take all appropriate steps to limit the risk that it may be lost, damaged or misused. 

This site expressly and strictly limits its membership and/or viewing privileges to adults 18 years of age and over or having attained the age of majority in their community. All persons who do not meet its criteria are strictly forbidden from accessing or viewing the contents of this Site. We do not knowingly seek or collect any personal information or data from persons who have not attained the age of majority. 

## DATA COLLECTED

Personal Information:   
Non-Registered users can watch videos without registering and without any information being collected and processed. However the visitor's IP address will be recorded in the event that there is any misappropriation of information and/or content.   
Registered Members: Registration is required for adding videos(video link/URL), and accessing a number of other features. The following personal information is requested at the time of registration: username (required), and email address (required). Additional personal information, such as City, Country may be added on a voluntary basis after registration.   
Content Added to the site:Any personal information or video content that you voluntarily disclose online becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others.   
Cookies:When you visit levelsex.com, we may send one or more cookies to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser session. levelsex.com uses both session cookies and persistent cookies. If you remove your persistent cookie, some of the site's features may not function properly.   
Log File Information:When you visit levelsex.com, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends such as your web request, IP address, browser type, browser language, referring URL, platform type, domain names and the date and time of your request.   
Emails: If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence. 

## Cookies Policy

Last updated: 24.05.2018 

We ("us", "we", or "our") use cookies on levelsex.com website (the "Service"). By using the Service, you consent to the use of cookies. This Cookie Policy lets you know what cookies are, what types of cookies are placed on your computer or other device when you visit our site and what they are used for. What are cookies? Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that a user’s device (computer, tablet or mobile) downloads when it visits a website. They allow the site to “remember” your computer, but not specifically who is using it, and improve your user experience. By associating the identification numbers in the cookies with other customer information when, for example, you log-in to the site, then we know that the cookie information relates to you  Cookies can be "persistent" or "session" cookies. How We uses cookies? When you visit our Service, we may assign your device one or more cookies that facilitate personalisation to facilitate access to our Service and to personalise your experience. We use cookies for the following purposes: to enable certain functions of the Service, to provide analytics, to store your preferences, to enable advertisements delivery, including behavioral advertising. In particular we use:   Session cookies, which only last for the duration of a browsing session. They are usually used to facilitate the access to the services on our website, to authenticate you when you are a registered member, Persistent cookies, which last for more than one visit. They are used to remember a user’s preferences and actions within the website. In this case, when a user returns to our website, or visits sites that use the same cookies, the site reads the cookies and identifies the user’s browser. Pixel tags. We embed pixel tags (also called web beacons or clear GIFs) on web pages, ads, and emails. These tiny, invisible graphics are used to access cookies and track user activities (such as how many times a page is viewed). We use pixel tags to measure the popularity of our features and services. Google Analytics We also use Google Analytics to collect information about your online activity on the website, such as the web pages you visit, the links you click, and the searches you conduct on the website. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the website. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the website, where visitors have come to the website from and the pages they visited. For more information about the information gathered using Google Analytics please visit http://www.google.com/intl/en/analytics/privacyoverview.html . Third-party cookies In addition to our own cookies, we may also use various third-parties cookies to report usage statistics of the Service, deliver advertisements on and through the Service, and so on. Our website also uses Adobe Flash Player to deliver video content to users. Adobe utilise their own cookies, which are not manageable through your browser settings but are used by the Flash Player for similar purposes, such as storing preferences or tracking users.  Flash Cookies work in a different way to web browser cookies; rather than having individual cookies for particular jobs, a website is restricted to storing all data in one cookie. You can control how much data, if any, may be stored in that cookie but you cannot choose what type of information is allowed to be stored. You can manage which websites can store information in Flash cookies on your device via the website storage settings panel on the Adobe website. What are your choices regarding cookies If you'd like to delete cookies or instruct your web browser to delete or refuse cookies, please visit the help pages of your web browser. Please note, however, that if you delete cookies or refuse to accept them, you might not be able to use all of the features we offer, you may not be able to store your preferences, and some of our pages might not display properly. For more information about cookies please visit www.allaboutcookies.org 

## USES

Your Personally identifiable information submitted to levelsex.com is used to provide to the user the website's features and special personalized features.   
Your chosen username (not your email address) is displayed to other Users alongside the content you add, including videos, comments, at.   
Any videos that you submit to levelsex.com may be redistributed through the internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public.   
We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent.   
We may use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of key website changes or for customer service purposes).   
We analyze aggregated user traffic information to help streamline our marketing and hosting operations and to improve the quality of the levelsex.com user-experience. 

## DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION

If under duty to do so levelsex.com may release data to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce our Terms Of Service and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of levelsex.com or our subscribers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations including the police and governmental authorities for the purposes of protection against fraud or any other kind of illegal activity whether or not identified in the Terms Of Service. It is levelsex.com's policy, whenever possible and legally permissible, to promptly notify you upon an obligation to supply data to any third party.   
Should you deliberately upload any illegal material levelsex.com shall forward all available information to all relevant authorities and this without notice.   
We do not share your personally identifiable information (such as name or email address) with other, third-party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. 

## SECURITY

Where we have given you (or where you have chosen a password) which enables you to access certain parts of our Site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone.   
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. levelsex.com uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to levelsex.com and you do so at your own risk. 

## YOUR RIGHTS

You are entitled to access and correct your Data by doing so directly on the website or by requesting us to do so via the Contact us section. If you have additional questions then please write to us at . 
