> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the levitra.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030621163159id_/http%3A//www.bayergsk.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Bayer / GSK Partnership

## Privacy Statement

  
BAYER and GSK respect the privacy of visitors to our online sites. BAYER and GSK will only collect your personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address, when you provide it to us at this website. BAYER and GSK and/or the companies we hire will use this information to comply with your request for information or as otherwise disclosed to you on the web page when you submit your information to us. From time to time, we may refer to this information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our products and services. We may use this information to contact you. We will not sell or otherwise transfer the personally identifiable information you provide to us at this website to any third parties for their own use unless we tell you when you submit your information to us that we intend to do so. 

Like many websites, this BAYER and GSK website uses a technology called "cookies". A cookie is a small text file that a web server gives your browser to store on your computer when you access a website. Cookies are capable of storing many types of data and may be placed on your browser by BAYER and GSK or by a third party. Cookies may be used for a variety of purposes on this website: 

\- This site sets cookies that keep you from having to enter a password more than once during visits to one or more of our sites. 

\- We also use cookies to help us analyze usage of our sites and traffic among our sites more accurately and to provide you with information of interest to you. For example, cookies are used on this site to record the total number of hits received on the site and web pages. 

\- Cookies also allow BAYER and GSK to determine whether you came to this site from another BAYER and GSK site or from an advertising banner or link on a non- BAYER or GSK website, so that we can, for example, measure the effectiveness of the links among our sites and the effectiveness of our advertising on non- BAYER or GSK websites.

\- Similarly, cookies allow us to determine whether you register on or visit any of our websites, which enables us to analyze how particular users use our sites and whether registered and unregistered users of our websites use our sites differently.

\- Cookies also allow us to maintain information about how particular visitors use our family of sites, which enables us to better provide such visitors with information relevant to their interests. This may include using information about your use of our sites in conjunction with personally identifiable information that you have volunteered to us on one of our sites.

This is not an exhaustive list of all uses of cookies on BAYER or GSK websites. In all cases in which cookies are used, however, neither BAYER, GSK, nor any third party will use the cookie to collect personally identifiable information from our site unless you voluntarily agree to enter the information. Most web browsers are set up to accept cookies. You can, however, reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. Note, however, that some portions of our sites may not work properly if you refuse cookies.

Some BAYER or GSK websites use a third party advertising service to display advertising on other, non- BAYER or GSK websites. In addition to placing advertisements on certain non- BAYER and GSK web pages, these services and/or BAYER and GSK may also place a segment of code called a clear pixel tag, also known as a "GIF", on certain BAYER and GSK web pages that do not contain advertisements for the purpose of measuring the effectiveness of advertisements in bringing visitors to our web sites. GIFs may also be used with cookies to track the total number of visitors to our website, the number of visitors to various web pages, and the domain names of our visitors' Internet service providers. No personally identifiable information is collected in this process.

As is common among Internet site operators, BAYER and GSK websites maintain web server logs. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address and collect that information in its web server logs. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider (e.g., AOL, MSN, Earthlink) whenever you log onto the World Wide Web or "surf" the web. BAYER and GSK web server logs collect statistical data that is generated by your computer when it visits a BAYER and GSK website, such as the type of web browser (e.g., Netscape, Internet Explorer) and operating system (Windows 95 or Mac OS) used to access the site, the domain name of your Internet service provider, the date and time you access our site, and the pages you visit. BAYER and GSK websites use this non-personally identifying web server log information for a variety of purposes. Some of these purposes include: system administration; to examine overall traffic trends on our sites; trouble-shooting; and to gather broad demographic information about users of our sites. No personally identifiable information is contained in these web server logs.

BAYER and GSK use technical and organizational security precautions, in order to protect your data from coincidental or deliberate manipulation, loss, destruction or access by unauthorized persons. As part of the collection and processing of personal data, all transferred information will be encrypted to prevent misuse of the data by third parties. Our security procedures are continuously revised based on new technological developments.

This BAYER and GSK website is not intended or designed to attract children under the age of 13. We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we know to be under the age of 13.

As a convenience to our visitors, BAYER and GSK’s sites currently contain links to a number of websites that we believe may offer useful information. The privacy policy and provisions described here do not apply to those sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies.

You are allowed to cancel your authorization for use of your personal data at any time with regard to future use. All that is required is sending an e-mail to i.solutions@gsk.com.

From time to time, BAYER and GSK may decide to modify its practices and policies, and we reserve the right to revise this BAYER and GSK Internet Privacy Statement as necessary to disclose such changes in our practices and policies. Any such changes to this BAYER and GSK Internet Privacy Statement will be promptly communicated on this page. Any information that you submit before the change in policy will be used by BAYER and GSK and/or the companies we hire in a manner that is consistent with the BAYER and GSK Internet Privacy Statement in effect at the time you submitted your information. Continued use of our sites after receiving notice of a change in our privacy statement shall indicate your consent to the use of newly-submitted information in accordance with the changed, amended, or updated BAYER and GSK Internet Privacy Statement.
