> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mumbaimirror.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100626110144id_/http%3A//ms.timesofindia.com/ads/Privacypolicy/Mumbaimirror.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

BCCL respects the privacy of it's users and is committed to protect it in all respects.

With a view to offer most enriching and holistic internet experience to its users BCCL offers a vast repository of Online Sites and variety of community services. You are not required to register with us in order to use our site however we may offer some services to visitors who do register such as e-newsletter. Upon request, we will remove/ block your personally identifiable information from our database, hereby canceling your registration and information provided by you. We will not use your financial information for any purpose other than to complete a transaction with you.

We do not rent, sell or share your information unless we have to provide products or services; provide product’s and services at your request;, help investigate, prevent or take action regarding unlawful activities, suspected fraud , potential threat of security of any person, violation of ours site use or defend legal claims; special circumstances which as compliance with subpoenas, court orders, requests/order from legal authorities or agencies requiring such disclosure. To improve the responsiveness of the sites for our users, we may use "cookies", or similar electronic tools to collect information to assign each visitor a unique, random number as a User Identification (User ID) to understand the user's individual interests using the Identified Computer. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself (through registration, for example), we will have no way of knowing who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your computer. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply.A cookie cannot read data off your hard drive. Our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser (if you click on their ads), a process that we do not control.

Our web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer's connection to the Internet, including your IP address, when you visit our site. (Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the web pages you view.) Your IP address does not identify you personally. We use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request, to tailor our site to the interests of our users, to measure traffic within our site and let advertisers know the geographic locations from where our visitors come. BCCL includes links to other websites. Such sites are governed by their respective privacy policies, which are beyond our control. Once you leave our servers (you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the site you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the site's homepage, you should contact the site directly for more information.

When we present information to our advertisers -- to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our website -- it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our site. When you register with BCCL, we contact you from time to time about updation of your content to provide the users such features that we believe may benefit you.

All information gathered on BCCL is securely stored within the BCCL controlled database. The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited. However, as effective as our security measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. And, of course, any information you include in a posting to the discussion areas becomes public information and is available to anyone with Internet access.

However the internet is an ever-evolving medium. We may change our privacy policy from time to time to incorporate necessary future changes. Of course, our use of any information we gather will always be consistent with the policy under which the information was collected, regardless of what the new policy may be.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here: ( http://www.advertising.com/Privacy.html)

Any questions or clarifications with respect to this Policy can be sent to BCCL at : online.partnerships@timesgroup.com or by snail mail addressed to Online Partnerships Team, Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd, Times Of India Bldg, Dr D N Road, Mumbai- 400001 
