> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the alamy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030621150127id_/http%3A//www.alamy.com/help/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Alamy Images - Security and privacy

At Alamy Images we take your security and privacy very seriously and we aim to make your experience with us entirely safe and problem free. Please see below for details of our policies.

When you register on the site we will ask for your name and address, your company name and address, your email address and a password. This enables us to send you information which we think you will find of interest, including our regular email newsletters and updates on any special offers or events coming up on the site. When you place orders with us we need to know your name, email address, invoice address, delivery address and telephone number. If the order is placed using a credit or debit card we also need the number and expiry date of the card, if paying on account we also need the email and contact name of the person responsible for paying invoices in your accounts payable department. This allows us to process and fulfil your orders and to notify you of your order status. We may provide some or all of this information to our partners or advisors for the purposes of completing or investigating a transaction with you or answering a question you raise with us.

We use information on your previous habits & purchases to personalise your shopping experience, and to show you products and promotions that we think will appeal to you. This information is collected by a 'cookie' which is stored on your computer’s hard drive and enables us to automatically link our customers to their personalised accounts. If you want to, most web-browsers allow you to turn off the automatic acceptance of cookies on your PC. We also monitor the usage of our site and customer traffic patterns to help us improve the layout and functionality of the site.

When you enter a competition or other promotion, we may ask for your name, address and email address so we can administer the contest and notify winners. Your details will then be added to our mailing list for future offers and other information we may provide to our users. The information you provide to us may be transferred outside the United Kingdom for the purposes of operating our site or to maintain your customer account.
