> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the swype.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171204075516id_/http%3A//www.nuance.com/company/company-overview/company-policies/privacy-policies/index.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policies | Nuance

By using the Website or Nuance Products, you consent to the collection and use of your Personal Information by Nuance consistent with applicable data protection law and this Privacy Policy which is expressly incorporated into any applicable Website or Nuance Product Terms of Use or End-User License Agreement. You also represent to us that you have any and all authorizations necessary to use these Nuance Products including using them to process Personal Information. Nuance collects and uses the information you provide to us, including information obtained from your use of this Website or a Nuance Product. We may use or share Personal Information (e.g., name, address, telephone number, email address, and location) where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction or do something that you have asked us to do. Also, we may use the information that we collect for our internal purposes to develop, tune, enhance, and improve our products and services, and for advertising and marketing consistent with this Privacy Policy. By using Nuance products and services, you acknowledge, consent and agree that Nuance may collect, process, and use the information that you provide to us and that such information shall only be used by Nuance or third parties acting under the direction of Nuance, pursuant to confidentiality agreements, to develop, tune, enhance, and improve Nuance services and products. Nuance will not use the contents of any communications provided to us through your use of Nuance Products for any purpose except as set forth above. Nuance collects and uses information from you in several ways: 

**Website or Nuance Product Usage.**  
Nuance (or Nuance vendors and suppliers) may observe your activities, preferences, and transactional data (such as your IP address and browser type) as well as related usage behavior depending on whether you are using our Website or a particular Nuance Product. We may use this data for any purpose unless we tell you otherwise in connection with a particular Website or product. While we may collect or log this information, we do not identify you or match this non-Personal Information with your other Personal Information unless or except if we believe doing so will help us better respond to a request you have made. Where such non-Personal Information is linked to your Personal Information we will treat such information as Personal Information. For clarity, when we refer to usage of Website or Nuance Product Usage Data in this section, we do not mean the contents of your voice data or text and related data derived from the contents of your communications using Nuance Products. For information about specific Nuance Products, please see specific privacy notices directed to such products. 

**Nuance Product Usage.**  
Certain Nuance Products require you to enter Speech Data in order to use and derive the benefits of the particular product. These Nuance Products collect and process the Speech Data you input into the Nuance Products. Nuance or third parties acting under the direction of Nuance, pursuant to confidentiality agreements, use the Speech Data to develop, tune, enhance, and improve Nuance services and products. Nuance will not use the contents of any Speech Data provided to us through your use of Nuance Products for any purpose except as set forth above. "Speech Data" means the audio files, associated text and transcriptions and log files provided by you hereunder or generated in connection with Nuance Products. Speech Data may include Personal Information. 

**E-Commerce.**  
You may be asked to share Personal Information such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address when you make purchases, seek customer or technical support or otherwise interact with Nuance. When you shop online or buy direct from Nuance, these purchase transactions may be conducted through Nuance vendors and suppliers. Vendors and suppliers engaged by Nuance on behalf of Nuance may have their use of your Personal Information limited by this Privacy Policy, contractual restrictions, and applicable law. Nuance (through its vendors or suppliers) may limit the acceptance of orders to particular jurisdictions and as permitted by applicable law. You may also make purchases of Nuance Products; seek customer or technical support through Nuance's distributors or service providers. In these circumstances, the collection of your Personal Information may occur directly by the distributor or service provider or a third-party partner on their website, which will state the privacy policy or policies governing the collection of such information. 

**Product Registration & Technical Support.**  
Nuance may allow customers to register products online or through similar ways. Personal Information or data provided for such purposes may be used to carry out the request, service, or agreement for which the information is submitted. With your consent, we may also use the information you provide in online registration forms to notify you periodically about important changes to the Website or Application (such as a change to this Privacy Policy or notice of a security breach), new Nuance products and services, and special offers and promotions that may be of interest to you. If you register, we may ask for, among other things, your name, address, email, telephone number, type of product purchased, or other product-identifying information. 

_Failure to register any Nuance product will not diminish the rights you have under the applicable product warranty._

**Online Promotions, Contests and Sweepstakes.**  
You may be asked to provide an email address or screen name, or other Personal Information, for entry into a particular promotion, including sweepstakes and contests, so that we can let you know if you won a prize. The specific rules and regulations governing the particular promotion, contest or sweepstakes will vary and your participation constitutes your agreement to abide by those rules and regulations. Certain promotions, contests or sweepstakes may be run by a Nuance service provider or vendor or co-branded with one of our partners. In these instances the collection of your Personal Information may occur directly by the service provider or vendor or a third-party partner on their website. The promotion will state the privacy policy or policies governing the collection of such information if they should differ from this Privacy Policy. 

**Children.**  
The Nuance Website and Nuance Consumer Products are not directed at children. If you are under 18 or otherwise would be required to have parent or guardian consent to share information with Nuance, you should not send any information about yourself to us. As required by law, if a person under 13 submits information through any part of a Nuance Website or a Nuance Product, and we learn the person submitting the information is such a child, we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible. 
