> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mmedia.me privacy policy that was archived on 2016-02-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160201071033id_/http%3A//mmedia.me/en/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Policy - M media

Welcome to the M media (M) online platform (the "Service") operated by M Publishing SAL. Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used in connection with the Service. This Privacy Policy applies to the Service, and covers information collected on or through or in connection with your use of the Service. 

Because the Service is global, information submitted or collected may be transferred to, processed in, and held in countries other than the one in which you reside. By using the Service, you explicitly consent to the collection and use of your personal information as outlined in this "Privacy Policy" and consent to our "Terms of Service". Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, and if you have any questions, feel free to contact us. 

### Information We Automatically Collect 

We automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information to help us understand how our users use the Service (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy collectively as "Usage Data"). For example, each time you use the Service we may collect your IP address and other information about your Internet connectivity. Personal details collected do not include the credit card details of the customers and those details would not be sold/shared/leased/rented to any third parties, at any given circumstances. We use non-personally identifiable information to review your use of our service, including but not limited to: your online activity, title selections, reviews, ratings, payment history, correspondence, Internet protocol addresses, device types, unique device data (such as device identifiers), operating systems, instant watching of movies, purchasing a book and related activity. We use this information for such purposes as determining your general geographic location, providing localized content, enforcing our terms, providing recommendations on content, which allows us to improve the experience of our Services. We may also share this information with our current or potential commercial partners, e.g. investors, sponsors and advertisers. In addition, we use a technology called "cookies." A cookie is a piece of data that identifies you as a unique user. We use cookies to improve the quality of our Service and make the Service easier to use. We do this by storing information (for example, settings preferences) about a particular user session in cookies in order to provide you with a seamless experience during a particular session. Some of our Service Providers may use cookies in connection with the services they perform on our behalf. If you choose to do so, you can configure your browser to delete existing cookies or disable cookies altogether. However, certain features of the Service may not work if you delete or disable cookies. We may contract with companies or persons to provide certain services including data management, promotional and advertising services, etc. ("Service Providers"). We provide our Service Providers with the information needed for them to perform these services. We also ask our Service Providers to abide by our privacy policy with respect to Usage Data or other data we share with them. We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. 

We use the personally identifiable information you provide to us in your registration application to administer your registration and to provide you with the personalized features and the particular service(s) for which that registration was necessary. 

### Other Authorized Disclosures 

Notwithstanding anything in this Privacy Policy to the contrary, you understand and agree that M may access, preserve, and disclose any information we have collected about you or that you have submitted: (1) in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish, protect, or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; (2) to protect the rights and property of M, its affiliates, or the public; (3) if we believe it is necessary in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person; (4) to our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control with M (in which case we will require such entities to honor this Privacy Policy); and (5) if M is acquired by or merged with another entity (in which case we will require such entity to assume our obligations under this Privacy Policy). In addition, M may forward any counter notification that you submit pursuant to M’s Terms of Service, and any related communications, to third parties. 

### Public Areas 

Your use of areas of the Service that are intended for interaction with other users may reveal your user name and may allow you to publish certain personal information about you. By choosing to use these areas, you understand and agree that anyone with access to those areas may access and forward any information about you that is contained in or that you post to those areas. As with any social networking service, you should use care when disclosing your personal information to strangers. 

### Third-Party Websites 

The Service may contain links to Web sites operated and maintained by third parties, over which we have no control. Privacy policies on such linked Web sites may be different from our Privacy Policy. You access such linked Websites at your own risk. Similarly, the Service may be accessed and used from third-party Websites that we do not control. Although our collection and use of information in connection with your use of the Service from such third-party Websites will be governed by this Privacy Policy, we have no control over the privacy policies of such third-party Websites and you access such third-party Websites at your own risk. 

### Security 

We use industry standard security measures to protect your information so that it is not made available to unauthorized parties. We also require our Service Providers to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices appropriate to the nature of the information we share with them. No data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect personal information, we cannot and do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from the Service, and you do so at your own risk. If you have any questions regarding which measures and techniques we use, feel free to contact us. 

### Children's Privacy Statement 

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from a user under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records. Because we do not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, we also do not knowingly distribute such information to third parties. 

### Changes 

M may, in its sole and absolute discretion, change this Privacy Policy from time to time. In case of any material change to this Privacy Policy, we will replace the "Privacy" link on our home page with a link entitled "Privacy: Updated" for no less than 30 days. All changes to the Privacy Policy or the Terms of Service will be effective when posted, and your continued use of the Service after the posting will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes. If you object to any such changes, your sole recourse shall be to cease using M. However, if we make any change that allows us to use your Personal Information in any materially different manner than we were permitted under the Privacy Policy in effect at the time you submitted such Personal Information, we will obtain your consent before making such materially different use. 

### Additional Questions 

Again, feel free to contact us any time if you have further questions about the Service. Click here to contact us: [support@mmedia.me](mailto:support@mmedia.me?Subject=Support)

The effective date of this Privacy Policy is August 01, 2015 
