> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the at0086.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100621095009id_/http%3A//www.at0086.com/about/en/privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - China Service Mall

English[中文](https://web.archive.org/about/default.aspx "关于我们")

At China Service Mall, we understand that your privacy is of utmost importance to us and we are committed to maintaining the privacy of registered users. Please take time to read the following policy statements to understand how we will treat your personal data after it has been collected by us through your use of one of our distribution channels. If this policy changes then we will let you know via our homepage but we assure you that we only use your data as specified here and for our legitimate business reasons. 

The content of this statement forms the basis of the internal Web Privacy and Security policy that applies to user interactions with China Service Mall website at http://www.at0086.com. 

When do we collect data?

Browsing any website, including the AT0086 site, generates a trail of the pages that are visited, and the time apparently spent displaying each page. Click streams are the paths a user takes when navigating a website and the Internet in general. 

When you visit our site, our servers may record the following information for statistical purposes: 1. The user's server (IP) address and machine name 2. The date and time of visit to the site 3. The pages accessed and documents downloaded 4. The number of bytes transmitted and received for each request 5. The address of the referring page visited 6. Search terms used 7. The type of browser used China Service Mall examines this information to determine the traffic through the server, and to specific pages or applications, in order to deliver better services. 

No attempt will be made to identify users or their browsing activities except in the unlikely event of an investigation, or the need to determine details related to a security breach or other inappropriate activity. 

Besides that, there will be some other different situations in which it is necessary for us to collect information about individuals such as 1. When you purchase services from the site or via any of our other distribution channels. 2. When you become a subscriber; 3. When you speak to our customer services personnel; 4. Via implicit data capture measures such as studying which pages you read the most and the use of cookies. In any of the above cases the data we collect could be personal data. 

What do we do with your personal information?

When you make a reservation with anything via the site or give us any personal data as indicated above, we may need to collect information about you to process your order and provide you with the services you expect then and in the future. This information may include, but is not limited to, details such as your name, your address, your email addresses, your phone number and your credit card details.

Protection of Personal Information

Unless we have your express consent we will only disclose personal data to third parties if this is required for the purpose of completing your transaction with us. This is of course subject to the proviso that we may disclose your data to certain permitted third parties, such as members of our own group, our own professional advisers who are bound by confidentiality codes, and when we are legally obliged to disclose your data. 

We do not sell, rent or trade your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes without your express consent. 

For any of the above purposes we may send your information internationally including to countries outside China. Some of these jurisdictions offer differing levels of protection of personal information, not all of which may be as high as the China. 

About cookies

A "cookie" is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We make limited use of cookies on our website for the purposes of tailoring our web pages to your needs, We do not match cookies to your registration details (that is, if you are registered with us) and we do not use cookies to track your movements after leaving this website, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. 

Consent

By disclosing your personal information to us using this website or over the telephone, you consent to the collection, storage and processing of your personal information by at0086.com in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. Some information and e-mails sent to at0086.com may be used as testimonials but no e-mail address or contact details will be displayed. 

Complaints, comments or corrections?

You generally have a right to access the personal information we hold about you (although there are exceptions). For some of our services you can access your registration and keep your personal information up to date on line. To access correct or update your other personal information, or if you have any questions about personal information, please contact us by [service@at0086.com](mailto:service@at0086.com)

User Feedback

We seek feedback from our users in order to improve the privacy and security safeguards utilized by China Service Mall - please contact [service@at0086.com](mailto:service@at0086.com)

Statement

1\. All the English sites we built for enterprises and universities are information references for foreign people and theoretical base for our ranking articles. 

2\. All the sites and ranking articles we provide cannot be reproduced for illegal purpose. We accept no legal responsibility for anyone's failure to abide by the above rule. 

3\. China Service Mall reserves the right of all its sites and ranking articles. 
