> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tdstelecom.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-07-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070728185258id_/http%3A//www.tdstelecom.com/about/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TDS Telecom - Privacy Policy

By using our Web site or subscribing to one or more of our “Services,” You agree to our collection and use of Your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If we change our privacy policy and procedures, we will post these changes on our Web sites: [www.tdstelecom.com](http://www.tdstelecom.com/); [www.tdsmetro.com](http://www.tdsmetro.com/); [www.tds.net](http://www.tds.net/); [www.tdsmetro.net](http://www.tdsmetro.net/). Your continued use of this site following the posting of any changes to these terms constitutes acceptance of those changes.

1\. TDS and its affiliated companies, including TDS Metrocom (TDS), place a high value on personal privacy and is committed to protecting the “Personal Information” collected from users of its Services and its websites.  Such Personal Information collected may include name, address, telephone number, personal computer specifications and billing information such as a credit card number if required for service. The Personal Information collected is used to provide a tailored service to You in order to better manage Your account. This may include customizing Your shopping experiences, responding to Your requests and communicating with You electronically. In addition, TDS may collect information about You from our trusted vendors, such as updated delivery and address information, so that we can correct our records and deliver Your purchases or communicate with You more efficiently.

2\. TDS will not share or sell Your Personal Information collected online, with third parties, other than to TDS subsidiaries or vendors, including payment processors, content providers, shipping vendors, preferred providers that sell products or services to You on our Web site and others who perform similar functions on behalf of TDS.  Disclosure of personal information may, however, be necessary or appropriate in special circumstances, such as when TDS in good faith believes that disclosure is required or authorized by law, to investigate possible crimes, to protect TDS’ legal rights, or in connection with a sale, purchase, merger, reorganization, liquidation or dissolution involving TDS.

3\. Additionally, TDS may provide aggregate information about our customers, sales, Web site patterns and general Web site information to our affiliates and other vendors with whom we do business, but this will not include any Personal Information. For example, TDS has relationships with companies that place advertising on our site. As a result of Your visit to our site, such companies may collect information such as Your domain type, Your IP address and clickstream information. In addition, if You are a customer of TDS Internet Services, then TDS Internet Services may collect statistical information on the performance of Your connection, which allows us to improve the service.

4\. Customer Proprietary Network Information (CPNI) is information that TDS obtains in connection with providing telecommunications services to You. CPNI includes the types of telecommunications services You currently purchase, how You use those services, and related billing information for those services. CPNI also typically includes the type of information found on Your telephone bill, such as call details and the types of local, long distance and wireless telecommunications services that You have purchased. CPNI does not include Your telephone number, name and address.   
TDS uses technical and policy measures to safeguard the privacy of CPNI and help protect it from unauthorized access or improper use.  TDS __does not sell CPNI to third parties and complies with applicable federal and state CPNI rules that apply to telecommunications carriers.   __  
TDS or its authorized representatives may use CPNI information to make suggestions to You and discuss products and services, packages, and promotions that may serve Your communications needs or to let You know about enhancements to services You already use. TDS will not use Your CPNI for any other marketing purpose without Your approval. 

TDS is required to provide directories and directory information (name, address and phone number) to authorized third parties, for example, directory publishers.  You can restrict the publication of personal information in phone books, online directories and directory assistance, through services such as “non-published” and “non-listed” numbers. Contact Your customer service representative to discuss options available to You.

5\. TDS may monitor the Service and may disclose information regarding Your use of the Service and Personal Information to satisfy laws, regulations or governmental requests; to operate the Service properly; and, to protect itself and its customers.

6\. TDS is not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site nor for the content contained therein. The Web sites and services You are able to access on the Internet are outside the control and limits of this privacy policy. Any information You provide to any such organizations is at Your own risk.

7\. TDS makes commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the security of our servers and computer networks in order to help prevent the loss, misuse, and modification of the Personal Information in our possession. TDS protects the security of Your Personal Information by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software during registration or enrollment, while shopping on TDS Web sites or when paying Your monthly TDS statement.  Even though we take commercially reasonable steps to maintain information security, and expect our vendors to do likewise, TDS cannot guarantee the security of Personal Information.

8\. TDS may store small data files, called cookies, on Your computer when You visit certain Web sites. Cookies allow TDS to personalize Your service by collecting and storing information that will identify You when You visit a site. You can disable cookies on Your computer; however if You do so, You will not be able to maximize Your experience on our site, including finding pricing and availability of products and services in Your area. TDS is not responsible for the cookies used by Web sites linked to or from our Web site.

9\. It is TDS policy to comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 and all other applicable laws relating to children’s privacy.  In order to respect the privacy of children online, TDS does not knowingly collect, maintain or process Personal Information submitted by children under the age of 13.

10\. If You do not want TDS to use Your Personal Information to contact You for marketing or solicitation purposes (excluding notices about Your existing account), You may make this request to [webcontact@tdstelecom.com](mailto:webcontact@tdstelecom.com) or to TDS Telecom, 525 Junction Road, Madison, Wisconsin 53717. If You are a TDS Telecom customer and have subscribed to receive our E-mail Updates, You can unsubscribe by clicking the link provided in our e-mails or by going to [tellmemore.tdstelecom.com](http://tellmemore.tdstelecom.com/) and clicking the unsubscribe link.

11\. TDS customers who wish to review and/or edit their Personal Information may do so in the following ways: (1) TDS Internet customers may view their account information by logging into the [Manage Your Account](https://secure.tds.net/) area of our sites. (2) Customers who view and pay their TDS statements online should log in to [www.TDS-ePay.com](http://www.tds-epay.com/). (3) TDS Telecom customers who subscribed to receive our E-mail Updates can edit their information by going to [tellmemore.tdstelecom.com](http://tellmemore.tdstelecom.com/) and clicking the Edit My Information link. (4) TDS customers can also contact a TDS representative by calling the phone number listed on their monthly statement.

Last Revised: 2.13.07
