> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the washingtonexaminer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120927081629id_/http%3A//washingtonexaminer.com/info/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

### **SCOPE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY**

Thank you for visiting WashingtonExaminer.com, (the “Site”).  This Site is owned and operated by Washington Newspaper Company LLC (“Washington Examiner”), at 1015 15th St., Suite 500, Washington , DC 20005.  Your access to and use of this Site is subject to the following Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) and all applicable laws.  The terms “WashingtonExaminer.com”, “we”, “us” and “our” when used in this Privacy Policy means Washington Examiner, its parent company, Clarity Media Group, Inc. and their respective subsidiaries and affiliates. The terms “you” and “your” when used in this Privacy Policy means any user of this Site.

Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us, and we want to make your experience online satisfying and safe. This Privacy Policy describes how we protect your privacy when you use the Site. This Privacy Policy applies only to information, including personally identifiable information, collected through our Site. ”PII” means “personally identifiable information,” which is information that identifies you personally, either alone or in combination with other information available to us (including without limitation you name, address, email address, telephone number, age, background, or other personal information).  “Non-PII” means “non-personally identifiable information” or other information which alone does not identify you (however, in some circumstances Non-PII may be combined with PII in order to identify a specific individual). This Privacy Policy is part of and incorporated into the Terms of Use for our Site.

### **YOUR CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY**

By using our Site, you are agreeing to the collection, use, and disclosure of your PII and Non-PII as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your PII or Non-PII as described in this Privacy Policy, you may not use our Site.  If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices, please email us at [legal@claritymg.com](mailto:legal@claritymg.com).

### **THIS PRIVACY POLICY MAY CHANGE**

We reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy, at any time and without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy on the Site. Your use of the Site following any such change constitutes your agreement that all PII or Non-PII collected from or about you through the Site after the revised Privacy Policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy. You may access the current version of this Privacy Policy at any time by clicking on the link marked "Privacy Policy" at the bottom of each page of our Site.   To the extent rules or guidelines affecting your use of the Site are found on other pages of the Site, those rules and guidelines are hereby incorporated by reference into this Privacy Policy.

### **INFORMATION COLLECTED ON OUR SITE**

We or our third party service providers may collect and track the following types of information about users on our Site:

Optional Voluntary Information. In order to access or use certain services and capabilities on our Site, you may be required to voluntarily submit certain PII. The use of these services or capabilities is purely optional, so you are not required to submit any PII to Washington Examiner if you do not wish to use them. Some of these capabilities include e-mailing or otherwise sharing articles with others through our Site; participating in surveys, contests, or sweepstakes; or submitting feedback to us.  In addition, in order to place classified advertisements on our Site, you will be required to register and provide certain PII directly to certain third party service providers who manage the classified advertising functionality of our Site, which may include Kaango,  Monster.com, or other third parties (“Classified Advertising Providers”).

Usage tracking. Washington Examiner tracks user traffic patterns and content accessed throughout our Site. However, we do not correlate this information with data about individual users. Washington Examiner sometimes tracks and catalogs the search terms users of our Site enter in our Search function, but this tracking is not associated with individual users. This information allows us to better tailor our content to readers' needs and to help our advertisers and sponsors better understand our audience.

Cookies. In order to improve your experience when using our Site, we, our third party service providers, or advertisers may place a text file called a "cookie" in the browser files of your computer, which may store preferences or other information, and may be used to help personalize your experience. The cookie itself does not contain Personal Information although it will enable us to relate your use of this Site to information that you have specifically and knowingly provided. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. We, our third party service providers or advertiser may also use “web beacons” or other technologies to monitor behavior and collect certain data regarding the actions of our users online, or “pixel tags,” which are small pieces of code embedded in emails sent to users.

We generally use third party advertising companies to serve ads when users visit the Site. In the course of serving advertisements to this Site, our third-party advertisers may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. These companies may use Non-PII collected regarding user visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to our users. This Privacy Policy does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by these third parties.  These third parties have their own privacy policies and may be members of The Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), a cooperative group of ad serving providers that has developed a set of privacy principles to which its members adhere.  To remove yourself from some or all NAI member advertising programs, please visit the [NAI Opt Out Page](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) and follow the relevant instructions.  Please note that if you use a different computer or Internet browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choices.

Washington Examiner uses cookies to track user traffic patterns, to enhance your experience when using our Site, to persist information through your session, and to personalize the Site for you based on your preferences and selections. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser.  If you've set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. Disabling cookies may result in errors while using the Site.

Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser. We may collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser, such as your IP address, the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed our Site, information on your operating system and browser, and the date and time of your visit. Such information does not by itself identify you personally. However, if you have registered on the Site, it may be possible for us to link the information provided by your browser to information that identifies you personally. In addition, we may review our server logs for security purposes, such as detecting intrusions into our network. If we suspect criminal activity, we might share our server logs -- which contain visitors’ IP addresses -- with the appropriate investigative authorities who could use that information to trace and identify individuals.

### **USE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED ON THE SITE**

**Washington Examiner may use PII collected on our Site:** to enhance your experience using our Site (whether to provide interactive or personalized elements on the Site or to better prepare future content based on the interests of our users), to provide information you have requested, to maintain your registration on the Site, to improve our Site, for purposes related to the business of Washington Examiner, for any other purpose described in this Privacy Policy, or otherwise as we may disclose to you from time to time.  We may also use Non-PII sent to us by your web browser or by cookies to perform statistical analyses of our server logs in order to study the use and popularity of various areas of our Site. We also review IP addresses to analyze where we are getting our audience.  Our Classified Advertising Providers will use your Non-PII to place the advertisements you have requested, and to manage the profile you created when placing such advertisements.

Washington Examiner creates aggregate reports on user demographics and traffic patterns for advertisers, sponsors and partners. This allows our advertisers to advertise more effectively, and allows our users to receive advertisements that are pertinent to their needs. We will not collect (nor provide to an advertiser or sponsor) information that a specific identifiable user clicked on any particular ad. However, by clicking on, otherwise interacting with or viewing an ad, you are consenting to the possibility that the advertiser will make the assumption that you meet the targeting criteria used to display the ad, and this may lead to similar ads being targeted to you on our Site and potentially on other Sites.

### **SHARING OF THE INFORMATION**

We may inform advertisers of the results of our analyses of our server logs, including details regarding Site usage and general information about our audience, however, such disclosures will refer only to general, aggregate usage data from these analyses - never specific identifying information. We may share your PII with: (i) our current or future affiliates, subsidiaries, parent company, or other related entities; (ii) companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf, for example, companies that provide support services to us (such as data storage and web hosting services); and (iii) carefully selected third parties for marketing or other purposes not expressly described herein. We may also disclose the PII we collect through our Site when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law (or a court order or subpoena); to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce the terms of use or other agreements that govern your use of our Site; to protect the rights, property or safety of Washington Examiner, our users or others; or to protect your vital interests. Information submitted to our Site is an asset of Washington Examiner and will become part of our normal business records. Your PII may be transferred to another company that has acquired the stock or assets of Washington Examiner, for example, as the result of a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation. If such a transfer occurs, the acquiring company’s use of your PII will still be subject to this Privacy Policy, and the privacy preferences you have expressed to us.  Our Classified Advertising Providers will share the PII you provide to them with Washington Examiner.

Please be aware that although we may request your consent for some disclosures described in this section, by using our Site you are deemed to have accepted and agreed to the sharing of your information collected through our Site in the manner described in this Privacy Policy, and we will not be required to obtain your consent for any disclosure described in this Privacy Policy.

### **THIRD PARTY SITES**

Third party sites, including our Classified Advertising Providers, partners, advertisers, affiliates and other content providers accessible through our Site, may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to our Site you may link to, or view certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party, including without limitation our classified advertisements, which are hosted by our Classified Advertising Providers. Through the Site you may be introduced to, or be able to access, information, third party sites, advertisements, features, contests or sweepstakes offered by other parties. Washington Examiner is not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties and is not liable to you for any claims that may arise from your interaction with those third parties or their sites. You should exercise caution and check the applicable privacy policies of those third parties when providing PII or another party’s information on a feature or page operated by a third party.

As described above, we use certain third parties to serve ads on our Site, to provide us with data collection and ad response measurement. These third parties may view or set their own cookies, web beacons, pixel tags or use similar technologies subject to their own privacy guidelines. For your reference, the privacy policy of our third party provider, Datran Media, LLC, is provided here: <http://www.datranmedia.com/privacy/>.

### **International Users – Transfer of Information**

Washington Examiner is headquartered in the United States, and you understand that any PII collected on the Site will be transferred to Washington Examiner in the United States and may be shared with Washington Examiner entities in Canada or elsewhere. You hereby consent to the transfer to and processing of any PII by Washington Examiner and any Washington Examiner entities, or any of the other parties listed in the immediately preceding paragraph “Sharing of Information,” whether located in the United States or any other countries, for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, or for any other specific purposes to which you consent.  If you are located in a country other than the United States, you should note that, at present, the laws of the United States and certain other countries have not been approved by the European Commission or privacy authorities in certain other countries as providing “adequate protection” for personal information within the meaning of the EU Data Protection Directive or applicable laws of other countries. Please know, however, that no matter where your personal information is collected, used, transferred or stored, if it was collected through the Washington Examiner Site, it will be protected by the terms o of this Privacy Policy. YOU HEREBY CONSENT TO THE USE AND PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IN THE UNITED STATES OR IN ANY OTHER COUNTRY IN THE MANNER SET FORTH HEREIN

### **AP NEWS REGISTRY**

The Washington Examiner uses services provided by AP News Registry. AP News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity. Your continued readership of the Site means you accept the privacy policy of the AP News Registry. Please refer to the AP News Registry [privacy policy](http://www.apnewsregistry.com/privacycenter/servicepolicy.aspx) for further information.

### **CHILDREN'S PRIVACY**

Consistent with the Federal Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 (COPPA), we will never knowingly request PII from anyone under the age of 13 without requesting parental consent. The Site is not directed at nor targeted to children under the age of 13 and we do not use the Site to knowingly solicit PII from or market to children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, do not provide us with any PII. If we learn that someone under 13 has provided Personal Information to the Site, we will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from our databases.

### **SECURITY**

Washington Examiner operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary. Only authorized individuals have access to the PII provided by our Site’s users.

### **MODIFYING YOUR INFORMATION**

We respect your right to make choices about the ways we collect, use and disclose your PII. You may update or modify your information or change your preferences at any time by logging in to the Site using your user name and password, and updating your user profile.

### **EFFECTIVE DATE OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY**

This Privacy Policy is effective as of July 27, 2011.
