> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the washingtontimes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120630130911id_/http%3A//washingtontimes.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Washington Times

The Washington Times recognizes the importance of protecting the information it collects from users in the operation of WashingtonTimes.com and its other websites such as Times247.com (collectively referred to as the "TWT Websites"), as well as other activities. As such, The Washington Times takes reasonable steps to maintain the security, integrity and privacy of this information.

To enhance the user experience, The Washington Times may ask you for information such as your name, e-mail address, year of birth, gender, zip code, country, and street address. The Washington Times will not disclose this information in a way that will reveal a user's identity to any third party, unless required by law, to enforce the Terms of Use for the TWT Websites, or unless we have received your consent. However, The Washington Times may disclose this information in the form of anonymous, aggregate usage statistics (including "hits" on the TWT Websites) and demographics, to advertisers and other businesses.

In order for The Washington Times to evaluate what products and pages of the TWT Websites are attractive to our users, we have entered into agreement with online partners to assist us in determining how visitors use our websites. To collect this important information, we use Web servers, beacons and cookies provided by our online partners to do all or some of the following: (1) track user activity on TWT Websites to generate site usage reports, (2) record registration information so the user does not need to re-enter it each time, (3) record user-specific information on what pages the user accesses or visits, and (4) record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when the users return to our sites. The type of information we collect includes user geographic location, which pages each user visits, ISP, GMT timeframe, referral and destination sources, as well as visit duration. This information may be disclosed to advertisers and other businesses in the form of anonymous, aggregate usage statistics (including "hits" on TWT Websites) and demographics, but only in forms that do not reveal a user's identity.

In addition to the information collected by us and registration information submitted by you, we may employ both first-party and third-party cookies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on your hard drive containing activity-based information about you, and it is designed to facilitate the receipt of targeted and relevant advertisements. The cookie is not associated with your personally identifiable information. To opt out of our third party cookie-based marketing program, [click here](http://rt.displaymarketplace.com/optout.html "click here"). If you do not want to help us learn how to improve The Washington Times websites and other products, you can "opt-out" of our ability to analyze such data by [clicking here](http://www.omniture.com/privacy/product#optout "clicking here").

Please note that on the TWT Websites, links may be provided to other websites. In using such links, users should be aware that each website will vary in terms of its privacy and data protection policies, and The Washington Times does not take responsibility for the privacy policies of, and usage of, personal information collected by others.

By accessing the TWT Websites, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We may amend this Privacy and data protection policy at any time. When we do amend the Privacy and data protection policy, we will post the amended policy on the TWT Websites. Your continued use of TWT Websites shall constitute your acceptance of such revised Privacy Policy.

Any comments or questions concerning this policy should be addressed to: Privacy Policy ([privacypolicy@washingtontimes.com](mailto:privacypolicy@washingtontimes.com "privacypolicy@washingtontimes.com")). If at any point you wish to access your personal information to (1) change your preferences, (2) review the accuracy, (3) correct, supplement or modify your information, you may either send an e-mail to [privacypolicy@washingtontimes.com](mailto:privacypolicy@washingtontimes.com "privacypolicy@washingtontimes.com"), or a written request to Washington Times LLC, 3600 New York Avenue, NE, Washington, D.C., 20002, Attn: Privacy Policy.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our websites. These companies may use information (not including your name, address email address or telephone number) about your visits to these and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp "click here").

The TWT Websites use services provided by AP News Registry. AP News Registry collects content usage information and may use cookies in conjunction with this activity. Your continued readership of the TWT Websites means you accept the privacy policy of the AP News Registry. Please refer to the AP News Registry privacy policy at <http://www.apnewsregistry.com/privacycenter/servicepolicy.aspx> for further information.

 _Last Updated: April 26th, 2012_
