> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the washblade.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161207185927id_/http%3A//www.washingtonblade.com/classifieds/index.php%3Fa%3D28%26b%3D145) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Extra Page 11 Title

Washington Blade recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of information provided to us by those who use our products and services. This policy describes how personally identifiable and anonymous information about our publication subscribers, online media product users and event registrants may be collected and shared. 

Please be sure to read this Privacy Policy before using any Washington Blade Web Site or submitting information through our Site. By using any of our Web Sites, you consent to our use of your information as outlined in this Privacy Policy and accept the terms and conditions herein. 

This Privacy Policy is current as of July 5, 2016. If we change our privacy practices, we will also update this Privacy Policy. Users should review this policy periodically to monitor any changes. Your continued use of our sites and services constitutes your acceptance of this entire Privacy Policy, as updated from time to time. Washington Blade reserves the right to access and disclose personally identifiable information to comply with applicable laws, lawful government requests and any orders of the court. 

How does Washington Blade collect your information? Washington Blade uses cookies and other internet technologies in the management of our Web Site and email programs in an effort to enrich your online experience. We may also use IP addresses to gather broad geographic information for aggregate use. Our cookies do not contain any information that is personally identifiable. Like many Web Sites, Washington Blade may use pixel tags, also known as web beacons, clear gifs, or web bugs. Pixel tags help us improve our understanding of our web traffic and visitor behavior, as well as gauge the response to our promotional efforts. If you wish, you may disable pixel tags by setting your browser to omit images and disable JavaScript. 

We use industry-standard, third party advertising service companies to serve advertisements when you visit our sites or open our emails. These companies may use cookies, pixel tags, and other methods to collect information about your visit to our Web Site, and others, in order to provide you with relevant advertisements about products, services, and events. These collection methods do not typically include your name, address, or telephone number. These elements also provide us with aggregate pictures of traffic patterns, which help us to improve your site experience and monitor advertising effort 

When is personally identifiable information collected? How is your information used? Washington Blade collects personally identifiable information that you choose to provide us when you subscribe to our magazines, sign up for e-newsletters, enter a contest, participate in surveys, login into our Web Sites using a third party login system (including, but not limited to, Facebook Connect, Twitter, etc.), register for a Web Site, webcast, or trade show, or otherwise communicate with us. When you provide this information to us, you are no longer anonymous. Washington Blade does not take any steps to protect the privacy of information you volunteer about yourself in forums or other publicly accessible sections of our Web Sites. 

We may use your contact information to send notices for subscription renewal or provide you with information about products or services you have ordered with us. We may also use your contact information to send you e-newsletters or other promotional e-mails that contain targeted, relevant content that may be useful to your business. All promotional e-mails you receive from us will include an option to opt out of similar e-mail communications in the future. 

With whom does Washington Blade share your information? Washington Blade may share information with our affiliates and business partners whom we believe share our commitment to privacy and information security. We may share identifiable information or anonymized aggregate information with advertisers and other third parties. In some cases you may receive relevant, carefully-screened offers from reputable third party business organizations with which we have shared your information. Many of our customers appreciate receiving these offers because they are relevant and useful to their business or occupation. Each such communication will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of similar future communications. 

From time to time, you may receive information from or on behalf of advertisers who wish to contact you as a result of your viewing habits, such as where you have clicked on a link in a Washington Blade e-newsletter, interacted with particular content, or indicated an interest in certain products, services or events. Each such form of contact will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of sharing your information with our advertisers. We may also use your information to send you e-mail and other communications on behalf of third parties. Each such communication will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of similar future communications. 

In compliance with privacy laws, we provide our opt-out lists to third parties so that any communications sent on Washington Blade’s behalf are not sent to those who have opted out of receiving such communications. 

How does Washington Blade protect your information? We use reasonable precautions, including appropriate technical, administrative, and physical procedures, to try to protect collected personal information from loss, misuse, or alteration. 

Many of our Web Sites contain links to Web Sites owned and operated by unaffiliated third parties. These links are provided as a service to you, and do not constitute Washington Blade’s endorsement or support of those third parties or their Web Sites. Each third party Web Site has its own information collection and use practices, and we advise you to review their policies. 

Washington Blade is not responsible or liable for third party privacy practices or the content of third party sites. We are not responsible or liable for any breach of security or for the actions of these parties. 

Due to the design of the Internet and other factors outside our control, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and our servers will be free from unauthorized access by third parties. Any information you provide may be stored and maintained in a Washington Blade database, either housed at Washington Blade or with a third party vendor. In the case of a sale, change of ownership or merger involving Washington Blade or any parent, subsidiary or affiliated company, your information may be transferred to a third party. 

What are your options for how Washington Blade uses or shares your information? The Washington Blade is owned and operated by Brown, Naff, Pitts Omnimedia, Inc. If you wish to opt out of receiving postal, email, fax or phone calls from Washington Blade please send an email to: lbrown@washblade.com. You may also call 202.727.2070 and ask for the Privacy Manager, or mail your request to the attention of the Privacy Manager at PO Box 53352, Washington, DC 20009 Specifically who this privacy manager is and how contacting them will work is subject to change. We will attempt to process any such requests within 10 business days or as soon as reasonably possible thereafter. 
