> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the idrivewithuber.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-11-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181120053858id_/http%3A//www.alvia.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy • Alvia

This Privacy Policy is effective as of April 2017.

Here at GoDrive, Inc. (“GDI”, “we” or “us”), we are always committed to protecting your privacy and encourage you to read and learn more about the terms of our privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”). By visiting or using our Site at alvia.com or submitting information to us, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy. Terms not defined herein shall have the meaning as provided in our [Terms of Use](http://www.alvia.com/terms-of-service/) which are incorporated herein.

WE MAY MODIFY THIS PRIVACY POLICY AT ANY TIME, IN OUR SOLE DISCRETION, AND SUCH MODIFICATION SHALL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY UPON EITHER POSTING OF THE MODIFIED PRIVACY POLICY ON THE SITE OR NOTIFYING YOU. YOU AGREE TO REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY PERIODICALLY TO ENSURE THAT YOU ARE AWARE OF ANY MODIFICATIONS. YOUR CONTINUED ACCESS OR USE OF THE SITE SHALL BE DEEMED YOUR CONCLUSIVE ACCEPTANCE OF THE MODIFIED PRIVACY POLICY.

**Information Covered in This Privacy Policy –** This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of Personal Information (as defined herein) that we gather when you are accessing the Site. This Privacy Policy also covers information we may receive from or share with our business partners, but does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage. Please remember that any information that you reveal or post in any public forum (such as comments to a blog or product discussion forum) is not subject to this Privacy Policy and we are not responsible for the privacy of any such information or for the privacy practices of websites that are operated or owned by third parties.

**Collection of Your Information –** In order to receive our newsletter or to post comments on the Site, you may be required to register for an Account by (1) providing certain personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) such as, your name and e-mail address, or (2) by allowing us to access your name and other profile information through existing accounts you may have with third party providers, such as Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter (a “Third Party Account”, and your Third Party Account profile, the “TP Account Profile”). It is your responsibility to give us current, complete, truthful and accurate information, including Personal Information, and to keep such information up to date. We will not be responsible for any problems or liability related to inaccurate or incomplete Personal Information, whether due to your failure to update such Personal Information or otherwise. [If you register for an Account through the use of a TP Account Profile, in addition to providing us with certain Personal Information, we use the information you have already provided to the Third Party Account in registering for an account and which you have allowed the Third Party Account to share with us, including, but not limited to, your first name, your TP Account Profile picture, your friends list, your gender, and the networks to which you belong (collectively, your “Submitted Information”).] In addition to the Personal Information and Submitted Information, we may collect the following information you provide (collectively with Personal Information and Submitted Information, the “Information”):

  * Information from publicly accessible sources, such as blogs and comments from other Users.
  * Certain standard browser information, such as your browser type, IP address, and access times.



In using and/or accessing the Site, you expressly authorize us to collect and use your Information in connection with the Site. You further acknowledge and agree that we may, but are not obligated to, maintain copies of your Information indefinitely, or delete any or all Information, at our sole discretion. When you receive promotional e-mails or newsletters from us, if any, we may use customized links or similar technologies to determine whether such newsletters or e-mail has been opened and which links you click. This information is used to provide you more focused e-mail communications and/or other information.

**Use of Your Personal Information –** We collect and use your Information to operate and improve the Site. These uses may include performing analysis aimed at improving the Site; making the Site more user friendly by reducing the need for you to repeatedly enter the same information; and displaying advertising and content that are tailored to your preferences and interests. If you registered for an Account through a TP Account Profile, we will not knowingly use, display, or share any of your Information in a manner inconsistent with the privacy settings and policies of the TP Account (collectively, the “TP Policies”) which you registered through (including, for Facebook accounts, Facebook’s Statement of Rights and Responsibilities, currently accessible at <http://www.facebook.com/terms.php>, and for Disqus accounts, the Disqus Terms of Service at <https://help.disqus.com/customer/portal/articles/466260-terms-of-service>). We advise you to carefully read the terms of use and TP Policies that you access the Site through. It is your responsibility to read and accept the respective TP Policies prior to accessing and using the Site through such TP Account.

We may support the Site and the Service by advertising, and accordingly, we may use some of the information collected in order to customize the advertisements to your interests and preferences. However, the process of selecting customized ads tailored to you will use data that does not personally identify you, such as using demographic data.

We may also use your Information to communicate with you, such as providing you with newsletters, periodic emails regarding our products and services, mandatory notices or discretionary notices about the Service. From time to time, we may also send you surveys, polls or promotional mailings to inform you of other products or services available from us and our affiliates.

We are headquartered in the United States of America. Information may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, business partners, or service providers elsewhere in the world. By providing us with Information, you consent to this transfer. We will protect the privacy and security of Information according to our Privacy Policy, regardless of where it is processed or stored.

**Disclosing of Your Personal Information to Third Parties –**  We do not sell, rent, lease or disclose your Personal Information. Except as described in this Privacy Policy, your Personal Information will be used only by us and our controlled subsidiaries and affiliates, and your Personal Information will not be disclosed to any other third party without your consent. In using the Site, you may choose to share your Personal Information with select GDI partners so that they can contact you about their respective products, services or offers.

We may hire other companies to provide limited administrative and communication services on our behalf, such as hosting the Site, the processing and delivery of mailings or providing customer support. We have the right to disclose your Personal Information to these third party companies for the purpose of administering and maintaining the Site’s features, functions and operations. Those companies will be permitted to obtain only such Personal Information as necessary for them to deliver the respective services, and we do not authorize these companies to use your Personal Information except for the sole purpose of providing those services requested by us.

You understand and agree that we may access and/or disclose Personal Information about you or your Account without your prior consent if we have a good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (i) comply with legal process or other legal requirements of any governmental authority; (ii) protect and defend our rights or property (including the enforcement of our agreements); (iii) enforce the Terms of Use; (iv) operate or conduct maintenance and repair of the Site or equipment as authorized by law; (v) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Site or members of the public; or (vi) comply with a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition, transfer of control, joint venture of other business combination. We are not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that we receive.

In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us may continue to use your Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy.

**Security of Your Personal Information –** The Personal Information we collect is [securely] stored within our database[, and we use standard, industry-wide practices such as firewalls and encryption for protecting your information. However, as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is impenetrable.]  
We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. [We recommend that you not disclose your password to anyone.]

**Information Collected Automatically –** We may receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with the Site. We may choose to automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information, and the page you requested. We use “cookies” to collect non-personal data and information. Cookies are small text files a site uses to recognize repeat users, and is typically placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies contain information that can later be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. The way cookies function is by assigning a number to the user that has no meaning outside of the assigning site. You should be aware that we cannot control the use of cookies (or the resulting information) by our third-party partners or advertisers. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to sign in or use other interactive features of the Site that depend on cookies.

In addition, we use third party analytics providers and products, such as Google Analytics (see disclosure below) and Clicky Analytics, to obtain, compile and analyze Information about how Users are using and interacting with the Site. We may provide Information to these analytics providers to obtain statistics and other information about how users are using and interacting with us. These analytics providers may use a variety of established or new tracking technologies or tools (including, without limitation, cookies, web beacons, HTTP cache, local shared objects and persistent identifiers) to recognize your computer or device and/or to collect or compile this information. We have no control over the technologies, tools or practices of the third parties that provide analytics products and services to us.

**Advertisements Displayed by Third Parties –** We may at times allow third-party ad serving companies, including ad networks, to display advertisements on the Site. Ad serving companies, including Google (see disclosure below), may place a persistent cookie on your computer in order to recognize your computer each time they display an online advertisement to you, and as such, they may be able to compile information over time about whether you reviewed or clicked on advertisements they display. These companies may use this information to display targeted advertisements and may associate this information with your subsequent visits, purchases or other activities on participating advertisers’ sites. We have no access to or control over cookies of these links to other sites and organizations, nor do we have control over or access to cookies by our third-party partners or advertisers. This Privacy Policy does not cover any use of Personal Information that a third-party advertiser or ad server may collect from you. The third-party vendors and ad networks serving ads on the Site and their websites are [Amazon Affiliates at <https://www.amazon.com/adprefs>;[ http://www.cj.com/](http://www.cj.com/); <https://www.google.com/adsense/>; <https://www.uber.com/>; <https://www.lyft.com/>; ]. You may visit these websites to opt out of the use of cookies for personalized advertising (if the vendor or ad network offers this capability). Alternatively, some third-party vendors may permit you to opt out of all or some use of cookies for personalized advertising on designated websites. For example, many of them participate in the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out program or the Digital Advertising Alliance opt-out program.

**Disclosure Regarding Google Analytics Advertising Features and AdSense –** In addition to services from other third parties, we use the following Google Analytics Advertising Features as part of our marketing analytics and advertising: [Remarketing with Google Analytics, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, DoubleClick Platform integrations and Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting]. We may also use other services provided by Google Analytics from time to time. Google provides users an opportunity to opt-out of the Google Analytics Features through Google’s Ads Settings and their web browser opt-out plugin. We also use Google AdSense for personalized advertising. For additional information on opting out of personalized advertising by Google, visit here or to learn more about how Google uses data, including cookies, when you use our Site, visit <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/partners/>.

**Public Forums –** The Site may include or may offer you access to interactive forums such as blogs, message boards, online discussions, comment areas and other public forums. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in many of these public forums is public information, and we recommend that you exercise caution when disclosing your Personal Information in any of these public forums. We may use your Information to identify you with a posting in a public forum. You should be aware that any content or information you choose to disclose in public forums can be read, collected and used by other users, the general public and other sites (including search engines). We are not responsible for, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to, information you may choose to post in public forums.  We have no control over the use of any Personal Information disclosed in a public forum, and you are solely responsible for the effects of any such disclosure.

**Links to Third-Party Websites –** Our Site includes links to other websites, whose privacy practices may be different from ours. If you submit Personal Information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit. We have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.

**Amazon Affiliate Program –** We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.

**Collection and Use of Children’s Personal Information –** The Site is intended for general audiences, and we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from children.

**Do Not Track Preferences –** [While we want to honor your privacy as described in this Privacy Policy, unfortunately the Site does not monitor for or behave differently if your computer or browser transmits a “do not track” or similar message to us or the Site.]

**E-mail Communications –** Upon registration for an Account, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please notify us by e-mail at [support@alvia.com](mailto:support@alvia.com) and include sufficient information for us to identify your account, including your name, email address and the specifics of your request. However, after you unsubscribe to cease receiving e-mails, we may still contact you via e-mail for administrative or informational purposes, including messages regarding the administration of your account and/or any services or events to which you have registered.

**Questions or Comments Regarding this Privacy Policy –** We welcome any questions or comments you may have regarding this Privacy Policy or if you do not understand any information about how we collect, maintain, use, or share your Personal Information. Any such questions or comments should be submitted via email to [support@alvia.com](mailto:support@alvia.com). We will make every effort to resolve or answer your concern.

### Sign up for our newsletter
