> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the act-on.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160322101553id_/https%3A//www.act-on.com/privacy-policy-summary) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy Summary - Act-On Software

Welcome! Here at Act-On, we respect your privacy. The information we collect through this website and through the Act-On service is used to provide the best possible experiences for our customers and visitors. Here’s a brief summary of our full [privacy policy](https://www.act-on.com/privacy-policy/ "Privacy Policy"). Click through to learn more, and let us know if you have any questions.

If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, or you want to stop receiving our communications, contact us directly at [ **privacy@act-on.com**](mailto:privacy@act-on.com). You can also opt out by following the unsubscribe link included at the bottom of any email you receive from Act-On.

##  __Explore our  privacy policy

##  __How we collect data and what we do with it

We collect the email addresses and certain personally identifiable information when people email us or register to open an account. We also collect certain information about which pages users visit, as well as information they give us (like through surveys or site registrations). This site uses cookies – small amounts of data that often include an anonymous, unique identifier that’s stored on your hard drive. Cookies help provide our services and create a personalized experience. This site also uses clear gifs, which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, like cookies, that track the online activity of web users. And like most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. We partner with a third-party ad network to either display ads on our site or to manage our ads on other sites. If you don’t want your information used to display targeted ads, opt-out [ **here**](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/). After that, you’ll only see generic ads. We may use your personal information to provide the services you ask for, like delivering customized emails, newsletters, forms, documents, and reports. We may also use personal information for auditing, research, and analysis to run (and improve) this site. Our site includes social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, and the “share this” button. These features may collect your IP address and the pages you visit, and may set a cookie to make the social feature work correctly. [Learn More >](https://www.act-on.com/privacy-policy/ "Privacy Policy")

##  __How we comply with regulations

Act-On has been awarded TRUSTe’s Privacy Seal, which means this privacy policy – and our practices – have been reviewed for compliance with their requirements. Act-On also complies with agreements between the U.S. and the European Union (E.U.) regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from EU member countries and Switzerland.  (Did you know Switzerland isn’t a part of the EU? [It’s true](https://www.gov.uk/eu-eea)! That’s why they have their own framework.) If you are a California resident, you’re permitted to request information about how your personal information is disclosed by our company or its subsidiaries to a third party for the third party’s direct marketing purposes. To make a request, send an email to [ **privacy@act-on.net**](mailto:privacy@act-on.net) or write to us: Act-On Software Inc. 8300 SW Creekside Place, Suite 250 Beaverton, Oregon, 97008 Act-On complies with the California Online Privacy Protection Act of 2014. We also comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act. We don’t target any services to users under 13 years of age. We don’t knowingly collect any personal information from them, either. Our site includes links to other web sites, and chances are good that their privacy practices are different from ours. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is covered by their policies. You should read the privacy policy of any web site you visit. (And good for you for reading this one.) [Learn More >](https://www.act-on.com/privacy-policy/ "Privacy Policy")

##  __How you control your data

Act-On respects your data. All the information in the emails, forms, newsletters, surveys, and documents you create or use with our platform are covered by our [Terms of Service](https://www.act-on.com/terms-of-service/). Although we own the hosting service, data storage, and the Act-On site, you keep all the rights to your own data. We work hard to protect user information and maintain data security. Our clients have a unique user name and password, which is required to access their account. We have attempted to protect our servers with a range of security procedures and technologies. However, no guarantee can be made that your information and data will be secure from intrusions and unauthorized release to third parties. You can correct or delete your personal information any time – just sign in to your account and make changes. If you send us a request, we’ll process it unless it’s unreasonable or impractical (such as requests for information on backup tapes). We’ll hang on to your information for as long as your account is active or as long as necessary to provide you with services. We’ll also retain and use your information as needed to comply with legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. If you decide to cancel your Act-On account, or your Act-On account is terminated because of a breach of the [Terms of Service](https://www.act-on.com/terms-of-service/), please contact us at [ **privacy@act-on.com**](mailto:privacy@act-on.com) **.** We may retain some residual information in our data archives and databases, but we’ll make reasonable efforts to delete your information as soon as practical. Our blog is managed by a third-party application that may require you to register to post a comment. We don’t have access to, or control over, the information posted to the blog comments. You’ll need to contact the third party if you want the personal information removed from the comments section. With your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. To update or delete your testimonial, contact us at [ **privacy@act-on.com**](mailto:privacy@act-on.com). You can stop receiving our emails any time by following the unsubscribe link included in these messages or by contacting us at [ **privacy@act-on.com**](mailto:privacy@act-on.com). Sometimes we change this policy, and if we do, we’ll let you know by email or through a notice on this site. Any questions about this Privacy Policy should be addressed to [ **privacy@act-on.com**](mailto:privacy@act-on.com) or by postal mail. [Learn More >](https://www.act-on.com/privacy-policy/ "Privacy Policy")
