> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the act.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051213231307id_/http%3A//www.act.com/privacy/index.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Legal Notices - Privacy Statement -- Sage Software SB, Inc.

At Sage Software SB, Inc. ("Sage Software Small Business Division"), user privacy is important to us. We want you to feel confident visiting Sage Software Small Business Division Web sites and using our products. This Privacy Statement outlines the privacy practices regarding information collected by Sage Software Small Business Division at this Web site and other Sage Software Small Business Division Web sites that link to this Privacy Statement (the "Sites") and will tell you, as of the "Last Revised" date set forth at the end of this Privacy Statement, what information Sage Software Small Business Division collects at the Sites, how we use that information, what choices you have concerning how such information is used and how we protect your information. We encourage you to read our Privacy Statement so that you will understand both our commitment to you and your privacy and how you can participate in that commitment.

The following sections make up our Privacy Statement. For immediate access to specific details, click on the applicable heading.

  * Business Information Collection and Use By Sage Software Small Business Division
  * Disclosure of Your Business Information
  * How Sage Software Small Business Division Protects Your Privacy Internally
  * Your Privacy Choices
  * Correcting or Updating Your Business Information and Contacting Sage Software Small Business Division
  * Linked Sites
  * Consent to Transfer
  * Changes to this Privacy Statement



**Public Forums.** Please remember that any information (including personal and business information) that you submit, post or otherwise reveal in a public forum (such as a bulletin board, chat room or product discussion forum) is not subject to this Privacy Statement, will be seen by third parties not related to Sage Software Small Business Division and may be used by them to contact you for any purpose.

**Statement Regarding Children.** Sage Software Small Business Division's products and services are not designed to appeal to children under the age of 13. As such, the Sites are not directed at children under the age of 13 nor do we knowingly collect or maintain information from children under the age of 13 on the Sites.

##  [Back to Top] Business Information Collection and Use By Sage Software Small Business Division

Sage Software Small Business Division collects the Business Information necessary to enable us to respond to your requests for our products and services and to send you information regarding our products and services from time to time. Since most of the users of our products and Sites are doing so in their capacity as employees or companies, most Business Information we collect will be in that capacity (rather than information about you individually, such as your personal tastes, etc.). For these purposes, we have defined "Business Information" as any information that identifies or may identify a company or an individual contact at a company or that allows others to contact a company or an individual contact at a company. When you visit the Sites, you may be asked to submit information such as e-mail address, company name, address, phone number, your product version and/or areas of interest. We may also ask you where you heard about our company or products, or for other information that will help us understand more about your needs or help us process your requests for information. In addition, we collect credit card and related payment information when you order products, services or support plans online. Our information collection and use practices are described in more detail below.

**Product Registration.** You may be asked, on behalf of your company, to complete registration/activation form(s) on the Sites or from within the products, with contact information for use by Sage Software Small Business Division in accordance with this policy. Registration or activation information may include the name of your company, contact information, product information, customer ID, network and operating system, and other relevant information.

**Customer Profile.** We also collect Business Information when you create a customer profile, known as a Passport account on some of the Sites, which is required in order to access certain areas of the Sites, purchase support plans and products and to obtain software downloads and certain online support services. This information includes company name and contact information and certain other information about your company and the products you may have licensed. We use this information in accordance with this policy to identify you, process your requests and administer your Sage Software Small Business Division account(s). 

**Support.** We offer certain limited online support services at the Sites. If you access online support on any of the Sites, you may be asked for information such as customer ID, product name, product version and other information to help us determine what the technical issues are and how best to help you resolve them. In addition, certain products allow you to submit support-related questions directly from the product. If you access online support services from a product, information about your network, operating system, printer, data and program path, product type, version, customer ID, the product's technical support information sheet, product serial number and other similar information will be automatically pre-populated for submission to our customer support representatives to assist them in answering your questions.

**Newsletters.** When you subscribe or sign up to receive newsletters published or offered via the Sites, we will ask you for information necessary to enable us to process your request and to send you information regarding our products and services.

**Cookies.** We also use Cookies to enhance the user experience, deliver personalized content and collect information about the use of the Sites. "Cookies" are small computer files that we transfer to your computer's hard drive. Cookies allow us to statistically monitor how many people are using the Sites and for what purposes, how often someone visits the Sites and the length of their stay. This information helps us dynamically generate advertising and information specifically designed for your interests. We also use Cookies to prevent you from having to re-enter your identification and password information each time you visit our Sites. Cookies are not designed to retrieve personal or business data from your hard drive, your e-mail or any other personal information. Most browsers are initially set to accept Cookies, but users can change the setting to refuse Cookies or to be alerted when Cookies are being sent. Although refusal of Cookies will not interfere with the ability to interact with most of the Sites, you will need to accept Cookies in order to access information and use certain functions. For example, Cookies are required to be accepted for access to our Web-based services or desktop products with online features. The Cookies are renewed each time a user logs on to one of the Sites that uses Cookies.

**Product-Related Information Collection.** Sage Software Small Business Division collects certain additional information in connection with your use of our Web-based services or desktop products with online features. For instance:

  * **Product Updates.** Some products provide you with the ability to download and register product and/or tax updates as they become available. During the download and registration process, we collect Business Information, including customer ID number and product version, type and serial number, in order to authorize your access and provide you with the appropriate update.
  * **Account Set-Up and Access.** Upon subscribing to our Web-based services, we collect Business Information, which may include information such as product serial number, customer ID and your customer profile information, in order to identify you and authorize your access and provide you with your relevant account information. Certain products provide you with the ability to access your account in order to obtain information such as your support plan status, service subscriptions, registrations and order history. 
  * **Online Product/Account Application.** Certain products are subject to an application and enrollment process, which may be completed online. Information requested via the online application process may include federal ID number, bank account, aggregate payroll, credit card and contact information. This information is used to process your enrollment request and, if approved, to set up and administer your account.
  * **Web-based Services.** In connection with certain of our Web-based services we collect certain additional information, including IP address, browser, connection speed, domain, referring URL and other environment-related information to enable us to provide a secure environment for the use of the services, to pre-populate forms and calculate aggregate statistical information about the customers using these services.



**Sage Software Small Business Division Products & Services.** In addition to the uses set forth above, Sage Software Small Business Division uses your Business Information to: 1) inform you of product upgrades and updates and subscription renewals; 2) inform you of tax, regulatory and other compliance issues with your software product or service; 3) notify you of products and services that we think may be of interest to you; 4) offer you discounts or other promotions with respect to Sage Software Small Business Division products and services that we think may interest you; and 5) contact you for survey purposes to determine how we can better service you or provide better products to meet your needs.

**Other Sage Software Company Products & Services.** Sage Software Small Business Division is a part of the Sage Software family of business management solutions, which is made up of several business entities (the "Sage Companies"). If your organization is identified as a growing company that might benefit from having one of our more powerful business management tools, Sage Software Small Business Division may provide your Business Information to one of the Sage Companies to enable them to market products and services to you. In that case, the use of your Business Information would be governed by that Sage Company's privacy policy, and that Sage Company would include an opt-out opportunity with any e-mail or telephone marketing communication.

**Third-Party Products.** Sage Software Small Business Division may also use your Business Information to inform you of special discounts or offers from other companies we have carefully selected and whose products and services may be of interest to you.

##  [Back to Top] Disclosure of Your Business Information

From time to time, Sage Software Small Business Division may be required to release Business Information: 1) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; 2) to enforce or apply the terms of any of our service or license agreements with customers; or 3) in special cases, such as protecting the rights, property or safety of Sage Software Small Business Division, our customers or others. We may also provide Business Information to our vendors, suppliers, Certified Consultants and other business partners ("Partners") where it is necessary in order for such Partners to: 1) provide us with products and services related to better operation and maintenance of the Sites; 2) provide you with a product or service requested by you; or 3) enable them to market products or services to you. Sage Software Small Business Division also may provide information about you that does not allow you to be identified to, or contacted by, ("Aggregate Information") third parties. For example, we might inform third parties regarding the number of users of the Sites and the activities they conduct while on the Sites. Depending on the circumstances, we may or may not charge for this Aggregate Information. We may also use this Aggregate Information as part of products or services that we provide to third parties and to improve our products, services and the Sites.

**Partner Services.** Sage Software Small Business Division may engage Partners to perform functions on our behalf, which may include assisting us in processing your Business Information. We share Business Information with such Partners as necessary to enable them to assist us in processing the Business Information and/or providing services to our customers. These Partners are acting as agents on behalf of Sage Software Small Business Division, are contractually required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are restricted from using such Business Information for any purpose other than to provide Sage Software Small Business Division services to our customers. Certain Partners collect applicable Business Information (such as such as business name, address, e-mail address, credit card information and customer ID) directly from you in order to provide you with the service you requested. Use of that information may not be governed by this policy. These Partners share this information with us to enable us to administer your Sage Software Small Business Division account and/or to provide you with technical support and services.

**Web Services and Product Data.** Business Information collected by Sage Software Small Business Division as set forth above does not include your company's data entered in the course of operating our products ("Product Data") or data entered by you while using our Web-based services ("Web Services Data"). Sage Software Small Business Division will not access your Product Data or Web Services Data except in the following limited circumstances: (1) to provide you with technical support, solely at your request and with your permission; and (2) on a limited-access basis to install updates, produce regular backups or restore data from backups at your request. Sage Software Small Business Division will not provide your Product Data or Web Services Data to any third party or permit any third party to access your Product Data or Web Services Data, except by your permission or to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order. In addition, if at any time you decide to discontinue your use of the applicable Web-based service, your Web Services Data will be destroyed and removed from all servers according to the terms set forth in your Service Agreement.

**Business Transfers.** In the event that all or a portion of Sage Software Small Business Division or any other Sage Company (or the assets of one of those entities), is bought or sold, Business Information will likely be included among the transferred business assets, but such information remains subject to this Privacy Statement unless you consent otherwise. Sage Software Small Business Division will provide you notice of any such event as set forth in Changes to this Privacy Statement.

##  [Back to Top] How Sage Software Small Business Division Protects Your Privacy Internally

Sage Software Small Business Division wants your Business Information to remain as secure as reasonably possible. We combine industry-standard technical safeguards with a code of conduct for those employees that are permitted to access our customers' Business Information. When you purchase a product or service online, Sage Software Small Business Division uses SSL encryption to encrypt your credit card information before it is sent to us in order to ensure the integrity and privacy of the credit card information that you provide to us via the Internet.

Most of our Web-based services are hosted on servers that are co-located at a third party facility with whom we have a contract providing for security measures. For example, Web Services Data is submitted via SSL encryption and stored on a server equipped with industry standard firewalls. 

Only authorized Sage Software Small Business Division employees, agents or independent contractors are permitted to access your Business Information, Product Data or Web Services Data, and all such employees, agents or independent contractors must agree in writing to abide by our Privacy Statement. Those employees that violate our Privacy Statement are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination.

Despite these security measures, Sage Software Small Business Division does not represent or warrant that Business Information will be protected against loss, misuse, attacks, or alteration by third parties.

##  [Back to Top] Your Privacy Choices

Occasionally, Sage Software Small Business Division may send you communications to provide you with information or promotions relating to products and services that may be of interest to you, including notification of important product issues and updates. You may opt out of receiving these communications as indicated below. However, please note that any election not to receive future communications applies only to promotional messages. We may still send you relationship or transactional messages in order to notify you of important product issues and updates, such as tax and other compliance-related matters, for the renewal of existing subscription services, to resolve specific questions or requests made by you via phone, e-mail or the Web and in response to any activity completed on any of the Sites, including but not limited to, registration, ordering, downloads and requests for information. 

**Sage Software Small Business Division E-Mail Promotions.** Each e-mail we send will contain instructions on how to unsubscribe in the event that you do not wish to receive future promotional e-mails. You may also contact our Customer Service department at 800-278-2190 and ask not to receive any future promotional e-mail communications from Sage Software Small Business Division. If you choose to opt-out of receiving promotional e-mail communications, we may still periodically communicate with you via mail and telephone. Please allow 10 business days to be removed from Sage Software Small Business Division promotional e-mail lists.

**Other Sage Software Small Business Division Communications (Non E-Mail).** You may contact our Customer Service department at 800-278-2190 and ask not to receive any future mail or telephone communications from Sage Software Small Business Division. Please allow 4 weeks to be removed from Sage Software Small Business Division mailing lists and 10 business days to be removed from Sage Software Small Business Division phone lists.

**Third-Party E-Mail Promotions.** Each e-mail that you receive will contain instructions on how to unsubscribe in the event that you do not wish to receive any future promotional e-mails. You may also contact our Customer Service department at 800-278-2190 and ask not to receive any future promotional third party e-mail communications. If you choose to opt out of receiving future third-party e-mail promotions, Sage Software Small Business Division will not disclose your Business Information to such third parties. Allow 10 business days to be removed from third-party promotional e-mail lists. Please note, however, that if you access and/or use any of the other Sage Companies' services or our Partner's services from a link on the Sites, a Sage Software Small Business Division/Partner co-branded site or by any other means, any information you reveal in connection with such service is submitted to that other Sage Company or to our Partner and is not subject to this Privacy Statement. You should consult the privacy policy of any other Sage Company, Partner or third-party site with respect to its treatment of any information that you may reveal in connection with such service.

**Other Third-Party Communications (Non E-Mail).** You may opt out of receiving future third-party mail or telephone communications by contacting our Customer Service department at 800-278-2190. If you choose to opt out of receiving future third-party promotions, Sage Software Small Business Division will not disclose your Business Information to such third parties.

##  [Back to Top] Correcting or Updating Your Business Information and Contacting Sage Software Small Business Division

You can always update the Business Information that you have provided to us and/or change your preferences with respect to marketing contacts from Sage Software Small Business Division by contacting our Customer Service department at 800-278-2190. Please note that it may take up to 4 weeks to be removed from Sage Software Small Business Division mail lists and 10 days to be removed from e-mail and phone lists.

##  [Back to Top] Linked Sites

The Sites may contain links to third-party Web sites and resources (collectively, "Linked Sites"). These Linked Sites are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by Sage Software Small Business Division of the content on such Linked Sites. Sage Software Small Business Division makes no representations or warranties regarding the correctness, accuracy, performance or quality of any content, software, service or application found at any Linked Site. Sage Software Small Business Division is not responsible for the availability of the Linked Sites or the content or activities of such sites. If you decide to access any Linked Site, you do so at your own risk. Your use of any Linked Site is subject to the policies, terms of use and privacy policies of such Linked Site.

##  [Back to Top] Consent to Transfer

Users located outside the United States who submit Business Information to Sage Software Small Business Division via the Sites should be aware that the information they submit will be transferred to our servers located in the United States. Your submission of Business Information to us constitutes your consent to this transfer. Although Sage Software Small Business Division will collect and use your Business Information only as stated in this Privacy Statement, laws generally applicable to the protection of personal data in the United States may not be as stringent as those in some users' home jurisdictions.

##  [Back to Top] Changes to this Privacy Statement

Sage Software Small Business Division may change this Privacy Statement at any time by posting revisions to the Sites and you will be notified of any such changes by notice on the Sites. Your use of the Sites constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Statement and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Statement. Prior to making any decision that would result in Sage Software Small Business Division using your information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time it was collected, Sage Software Small Business Division will notify you by mail or email and you will have a choice as to whether we use your information in this different manner.
