> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the activeactivities.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180313031331id_/https%3A//www.activeactivities.com.au/page/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - ActiveActivities

  1. ## General Terms

    1. 1.1 Please read our Privacy Policy to understand how we treat and protect the information we collect, process and store from Website Visitors and Businesses listed on ActiveActivities (the Website). 
    2. 1.2 The Website is owned and operated by The Digital Company (TDC). [Click here](http://www.thedigitalcompany.com.au/) for more information on TDC.
    3. 1.3 We collect only the information we believe is necessary to deliver and improve our services, products and processes.
    4. 1.4 By accessing, using or providing any content, in any way, to the Website you acknowledge you have read and agreed to this Privacy Policy and the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/page/terms-use/) published on the Website. Should you disagree or not accept any part of this Privacy policy you should stop accessing this Website, and if you have an account you should deactivate it immediately.
    5. 1.5 Your use of this Website and this Privacy Policy are governed by the laws of New South Wales, Australia.
    6. 1.6 If any clause of this Privacy Policy is held to be legally invalid or unenforceable, the invalid or unenforceable wording shall be deemed to be omitted from this Privacy Policy.
    7. 1.7 TDC reserves the right to change any or all of our Privacy Policy by publishing the new Privacy Policy on this Website and without specific notice to you. We thus recommend you check back on a regular basis for changes. Your usage of any part of the Websites will be subject to the most current version of this Privacy Policy.
    8. 1.8 Should you have any questions or feedback relating to this Privacy Policy, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/contact) using the contact information on the Website and we will be happy to help.
  2. ## What we collect

    1. 2.1 The type and nature of the information we collect ultimately depends on how you use the Website.
    2. 2.2 This information can include: 
      1. 2.2.1 Any information provided or shared by you, for example your name, contact details, selections, preferences, responses, images, videos, social media profiles and text via registration, web form, email or any other means.
      2. 2.2.2 Feedback from users. Feedback is reviewed internally and where appropriate and relevant used in aggregate to make changes to the site with the objective of improving the user experience.
      3. 2.2.3 Ratings and reviews. Where these are in line with our ratings and review guidelines they may be published alongside business listings.
      4. 2.2.4 Posting or contributing other material on the Website.
      5. 2.2.5 We do not collect financial information unless this is required for the purposes of refunds, Pay per Lead, online bookings or making payments. All credit card information is managed by established and reputable 3rd parties.
      6. 2.2.6 Records of purchases and payments and other interactions where applicable to manage our business, our responsibilities under the law and our partners.
    3. 2.3 This can also include information generated by our platform including: 
      1. 2.3.1 Certain log data including your IP address, date and time of access, network, browser, referral source (if applicable), pages visited and URLs, time on these pages and device type.
      2. 2.3.2 Analytics user information. Analytics software allows us to see the total traffic and the networks from where the Website is accessed and what areas of the Website are accessed amongst other things.
      3. 2.3.3 Cookies. Cookies are stored in Visitors browsers. We do not store any personally identifiable information in the cookie. From time to time we may use cookies or other tracking technologies to track user behaviour within our Website for the purposes of customer support, research, data analysis, product development, fraud detection, investigation or compliance. We may also use these technologies to facilitate targeted advertising for you on our Website or on third party websites.
      4. 2.3.4 Where social plugins are used and operated by third parties such as the Facebook Like button, if you are logged in they may be able to determine your identity and link this to the usage of our Website. Likewise they may be able to record your interactions with the social plugin.
    4. 2.4 As this Website is aimed at visitors that are at least sixteen (16) years of age and we do not knowingly request or collect personally identifiable information from anyone under this age. Should we become aware of Visitors under 16 years of age, this information will be immediately deleted.
  3. ## How we use this information

    1. 3.1 We use the information collected: 
      1. 3.1.1 For registration and ongoing management and access to your account and any related functions including account access and customisation, business listing, online bookings, request a service, Pay per Lead, e-commerce, payments and receipts, account authentication and messaging.
      2. 3.1.2 For when you have contacted and provided your contact and/ or other details to a business listed on the Website, the details and information you share as well as any related transactions will be visible to that business to allow them to contact you direct.
      3. 3.1.3 To facilitate “Request a quote”, “Request a Service” and “Contact me” functionality your contact details and any information you share about your requirements may be shared with businesses in your area or businesses deemed relevant to your request for their response.
      4. 3.1.4 For general and specific communications we believe will be of interest, including notifications, updates, newsletters, responses to queries, customer support and other matters we believe are relevant to your experience on the Website.
      5. 3.1.5 To personalise your experience on the Website including providing recommended features, content, social connections, referrals and advertisements. 
      6. 3.1.6 To facilitate email communications which provide information to keep you informed and get the most from the Website. These emails can include special offers, upgrade information, reports, contact information, request a service and pay per lead related information to and from businesses listed on the Website, newsletters and any other system messages. You can unsubscribe or manage these emails by logging in and setting your preferences.
      7. 3.1.7 To assess if your business listing is relevant to other TDC websites and to offer you a listing on these other websites.
      8. 3.1.8 To facilitate communications to allow Providers to contact you should you request a quote, request a service or other specific information regarding their business or services.
      9. 3.1.9 To facilitate communications and service delivery from third party partners who have integrated their software into our platform to provide additional features and/ or functionality.
      10. 3.1.10 To perform internal operations including improving the user experience and user interface, prevent fraud and abuse, troubleshoot software bugs, testing, internal data analysis, research, to analyse usage trends and develop new functionality and features.
      11. 3.1.11 To publish and manage reviews and ratings provided by visitors.
      12. 3.1.12 To facilitate any competitions, promotions, surveys, discounts or special offers where permissible and to process these competition or promotion entries and fulfil any related prizes, discounts or awards.
      13. 3.1.13 To facilitate the promotion or delivery of our services and online bookings to our users. This can include promotional materials, direct marketing campaigns or newsletters relevant to the Website.
      14. 3.1.14 To engage in direct marketing, advertising or other promotions that may be of interest to you, including special offers from marketing or other partners.
      15. 3.1.15 To comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce agreements with third parties and enforce our terms of use.
    2. 3.2 The Website and TDC make every effort to abide by the privacy requirements in the geographies where the Website operates and where TDC is legally required to do so.
    3. 3.3 It is our policy not to sell or share any personal information provided by users without their permission. Circumstances under which we may disclose such information includes where we are required to by law or receive a request from a relevant law enforcement agency and have little other option but to comply.
  4. ## How we use cookies

    1. 4.1 Cookies are small text files automatically placed on your computer when you visit a website and stored in your browser. Cookies contain very basic information about your Internet use. The Website and TDC use cookies in the following manner: 
      1. 4.1.1 To track the pages of the Website visited to analyse and further improve the user experience
      2. 4.1.2 To improve the user experience by determining what advertisements or content you may or may not see
    2. 4.2 We do not store any personally identifiable information in the cookie.
    3. 4.3 You can refuse to accept cookies by turning them off in your browser, but certain functionality within the site may be limited as a result.
  5. ## How to access, change or delete your information

    1. 5.1 By logging in to your account you can update, correct, or change any information including images, links and text included in your account. You can also deactivate your account. Please note that after deactivating your account, reviews and similar postings created by you may remain publicly available on the Website.
    2. 5.2 We endeavour to ensure all information about you is correct. If you believe this information is incorrect please log in to your account to correct it or contact us.
  6. ## Respecting information privacy

    1. 6.1 We recognise the importance of protecting personal information and are cognisant of the Privacy Laws and Regulations of the country that the Website operates within.
    2. 6.2 We do not collect sensitive information including race, religion, ethnicity, political opinions or associations, criminal records or health information intentionally.
  7. ## Information security

    1. 7.1 All information provided to us is stored on dedicated and secure servers operated by reliable third party vendors in protected and controlled hosting facilities.
    2. 7.2 We are continually updating and implementing new measures to ensure your information is protected. We note however given the nature of transmission over the Internet and the storing of electronic information that no method can be 100% secure so we are unable to guarantee the safety and security of the personal information that we store. You can help by regularly updating your password and immediately reporting any abnormal behaviour.
    3. 7.3 All Website and TDC staff have confidentiality clauses in their employment contracts, and understand the importance of privacy.
  8. ## Business changes to TDC

    1. 8.1 Where the Website or TDC is involved in any merger, acquisition, reorganisation, sale or bankruptcy event we may sell or transfer all or part of our assets which may include your personal information. In this event, if we have your email address, you will be notified and may become subject to a new privacy policy.
  9. ## Links to other websites

    1. 9.1 The Website may include text or image links within content or ads to other websites, partners or to businesses listed in the website. The Website and TDC have no control these websites and their Privacy Policies and thus cannot be responsible for them.
    2. 9.2 We recommend you review the Privacy Policies of these websites before registering and providing them any information.


