> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the activebuilding.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-05-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100510001510id_/http%3A//www.activebuilding.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | ActiveBuilding

ActiveBuilding LLC (“ActiveBuilding”) has created this privacy statement ("Statement") in order to demonstrate our commitment to customer privacy. Privacy on the ActiveBuilding website (the "Site") is important to us. Because we gather important information from our customers, we have established this Statement as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices. We reserve the right to change this Statement and will provide notification of the change to our existing customers whenever a change is made.

 **Collected Information.** We require customers who register to use the services offered on our Site (collectively, the "Service") to give us contact information, such as their name, company name, address, phone number, and email address, and billing information, such as billing name and address, bank account number, routing number and credit card number.

ActiveBuilding uses the information that we collect to setup the Service for individuals and their organizations. We may also use the information to contact customers to further discuss interest in our company, the Service that we provide, and to send information regarding our company or partners, such as promotions and events. Customers are also asked to provide an email address when registering for the Service, in order to receive a username and password. We may also email information regarding updates to the Service or company, and will send a customer newsletter periodically. Customer email addresses and any personal customer information will not be distributed or shared with third parties.

Except as we explicitly state at the time we request information, we do not disclose to third parties the information provided. All financial and billing information that we collect through the Site is used solely to check the qualifications of prospective customers and to bill for the Service. This billing information is not used by ActiveBuilding for marketing or promotional purposes. ActiveBuilding uses a third-party intermediary to manage the payment processing. This intermediary is solely a link in the distribution chain, and is not permitted to store, retain, or use the information provided, except for the sole purpose of payment processing.

Customers of the Service will be using the Site to host data and information ("Data"). ActiveBuilding will not review, share, distribute, print, or reference any such Data except as may be required by law. Individual records may at times be viewed or accessed only for the purpose of resolving a problem, support issue, or as may be required by law. Of course, customers are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of their user registration and password.

ActiveBuilding may also collect certain information from visitors to and customers of the Site, such as Internet addresses. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems, and to administer our Site in order to constantly improve the quality of the Service. We may also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers and provide such information to third parties.

 **Updating Information**. Customers can update or remove their personal information and billing information at any time by logging into the Site and editing their information within the Admin section. Customers can view their updated profile to confirm their edits have been made.

 **Opt-Out Policy**. Customers can opt out of being contacted by us, or receiving information from us regarding our products, services or partners, at any time by sending an email to support(at)ActiveBuilding(dot)com.

 **Cookies**. When customers use our Service, our Web server sends a cookie to their computer. Cookies are files that Web browsers place on a computer's hard drive and are used to tell us whether customers and visitors have visited the Site previously.

Cookies come in two flavors: session and persistent-based. Session cookies exist only during an online session. They disappear from the computer when a user closes her browser software or turns off her computer. Persistent cookies, unlike session cookies, remain on the computer even after a user closes her browser or turns off her computer. Standing alone, cookies do not identify users personally. They merely recognize a user’s browser. Users remain anonymous to ActiveBuilding unless they choose to identify themselves to ActiveBuilding, either by responding to a promotional offer, registering for a free trial or signing up for the Service.

ActiveBuilding uses session cookies containing encrypted information to allow the system to uniquely identify our customers while they are logged in. This information allows ActiveBuilding to process online transactions and requests. Session cookies help us identify our customers after they have logged in and are therefore required to use the Service. ActiveBuilding uses persistent cookies to identify when an anonymous visitor returns to our Site. We are especially careful about the security and confidentiality of the information stored in persistent cookies. For example, we do not store account numbers or passwords in persistent cookies. Customers who disable their browser’s ability to accept cookies will be able to browse our Site but will not be able to use our Service.

 **Third-Party Cookies**. ActiveBuilding may engage third parties to track and analyze non-personally identifiable usage and volume statistical information from visitors to our website to help us administer our website and improve its quality. Such third parties may use cookies to help track visitor behavior. Such cookies will not be used to associate individual website visitors to any personally identifiable information. All data collected by such third parties on behalf of ActiveBuilding is used only to provide us with information on site usage and is not shared with any other third parties.

 **Additional Information**. Questions regarding this Statement or the practices of this Site should be directed by email to support(at)ActiveBuilding(dot)com ( support@ActiveBuilding.comThis e-mail address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it) or by regular mail addressed to Active Building LLC, Attn: Privacy, 24 Roy St #428, Seattle, WA 98109.
