> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rossstores.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-08-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20010802024642id_/http%3A//www.rossstores.com/rm_pp.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Ross - Ross Mail - Privacy Policy

Ross Stores is committed to protecting your privacy. To make your experience at the rossstores.com Internet website more convenient, we gather information from you. We maintain the privacy of your information using security technologies and adhere to policies that prevent unauthorized use of your personal information. 

We collect information on which portions of our website visitors access or visit. We also collect information volunteered by visitors, such as survey information and/or website registrations. Any personal information we collect is used for internal review and is either discarded or used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes such as those described below. We keep confidential all personal information entered during registration. 

In those instances where we do collect personally identifiable information, you choose what information to tell us. Examples of when you voluntarily submit this kind of information include when you answer our polls, fill out the registration page or send us feedback. Simple demographic information such as street address, city and personal interests are optional. 

The information collected is used to send email reminders to our users and information about promotions or other information we think will be of interest. If, for any reason, you would like to be removed from our email list, you can contact us in one of two ways. At any time, users can unsubscribe by simply visiting the registration section of our website and clicking the unsubscribe button. With each email sent, users also have the option to opt-out of future mailings by simply sending a return email stating this intention. 

In addition to the information we collect directly from you, we also monitor and track usage of our website, viewing and traffic patterns, customer behavior and other similar information. We compile this information into a statistical aggregate. We use this aggregate information as well as your personal information for internal business and administrative purposes, including to improve our website, our operations and our customer service. 

As part of our commitment to ensuring the privacy of our customers, we do not sell or exchange names or any other personally identifiable information about our online customers with third parties. We keep confidential any personal information entered during registration. For example, we do not sell your email address or your name and personal demographic information to mass marketers. However, we may share aggregate information about website usage and traffic patterns, stripped of any individual identifiable information, to third parties to comply with various reporting obligations and for business or marketing purposes. We may also share limited personal information with third parties on a confidential basis to enable a third party to perform certain tasks on behalf of Ross Stores, such as maintain an email list. 

We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children in a "kid-friendly" environment. While we offer products for children, our site is designed to make an easier shopping experience for adults. Our registration process is intended solely for use by adults. We do not currently collect personally identifiable information from children. If in the future, we choose to distribute information to children, we will do so in strict compliance with applicable laws and industry standards for the protection of children's privacy. 

If a child has provided rossstores.com with personally identifiable information, we ask that a [parent or guardian click here](https://web.archive.org/web/20010802024642id_/http%3A//www.rossstores.com/rm_cp.jsp) and we will do our best to remove the information from our files. 

Cookies are pieces of information that are stored on your computer and are used for record keeping purposes. We use cookies to make visiting and using our website easier. Cookies can help us see which parts of our website are the most or least popular and provide us direction to improve our customer's online experience. We do not and will not use cookies to retrieve personal information about you from your computer unless you have affirmatively provided such information to us. 

This website provides links to several other third party websites. While we choose our links carefully, we cannot take any responsibility for the content of linked websites, or for the privacy policies of websites we link to. Since we do not control these websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these third party websites prior to any use. 

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post these changes here [http://www.rossstores.com] so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone. All changes to our privacy policy will be effective upon posting. 

If you have any further questions regarding our privacy practices, please utilize Customer Inquiry in the Contact Us section of this site. 
