> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sgadsonline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080623060756id_/http%3A//www.sgadsonline.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy::Singapore Classifieds for jobs, personals, apartments, properties, cars, for sale, community, education, music and events

You must agree with our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy when accessing any services provided on this website. If you do not accept any of these terms, please discontinue your access to our site(s) and online service(s).

Privacy Policy

Sgadsonline.com takes the issue of your privacy seriously. Generally, you can visit JobsF1 websites without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. However, there are services offered on sgadsonline.com websites whereby you may subscribe to by providing to us your personal information as requested. Personal information refers to all and any information relating to you obtained by us in the course of and as a result of the provision of the services by us. Such personal information includes your name, mailing address, phone number and email address. We may use your personal information for the purposes of: preventing fraud; rendering assistance to law enforcement, governmental or regulatory agencies; or complying with any applicable laws or any order of court. With your consent, we may also use your personal information for other lawful purposes, including without limitation, research; customer benefits and retention program; to support your customer relationship with us.

Please do not send us any confidential or proprietary information via the Internet. Any information (including feedback, data, comments, suggestions, ideas or the like) that Sgadsonline.com receives through its websites, other than your personal information, will be regarded as non-confidential. For the purpose of advertisement placement in Sgadsonline.com, the information provided by the advertiser under the Contact information shall not be considered as personal information. Sgadsonline.com may from time to time conduct online surveys and request for information about your interest or your views about specific matters in an effort to improve its services to you. You may choose not to respond. By sending to Sgadsonline.com non-personal information via sgadsonline.com websites or through any other electronic means, you grant to sgadsonline.com an unrestricted, irrevocable license to use, reproduce, display, modify, perform and distribute such non-personal information in any manner and for any purpose as sgadsonline.com shall deem fit.

In addition, sgadsonline.com.com reserves the right to terminate any links or linking programs at any time without any notification to anybody.

To enhance your experience at sgadsonline.com websites we use a feature on your Internet browser called a "cookie. From time to time, Sgadsonline.com may send a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a very small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. A cookie can't read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies do not damage your system. Cookies are unable to store any codes or viruses. We use cookies to identify which areas of Sgadsonline.com you have visited or customized, so the next time you visit, those pages may be readily accessible. Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you've seen an advertisement. Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you see on our sites. This policy only covers the use of cookies by Sgadsonline.com and do not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers. Sgadsonline.com do not have control, nor access to the information contained in its advertisers' cookies.

Sgadsonline.com use reasonable precautions to keep the information disclosed to us secure. We disclaim and do not guarantee or warranty fully security of all information and data stored or collected by us i.e. we shall not be responsible for any breach of security or for any actions of any third parties that receive such information and data.
