> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cultlotto.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101121080556id_/http%3A//help.cultlotto.com/privacypolicy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# cultLotto - The Free Online Lottery || Privacy Policy

  
Your privacy on the Internet is important to cultLotto.com. As part of the operation of cultLotto.com, certain information is gathered about those who visit cultLotto.com's Web site and/or who register on cultLotto.com's Web site ("Players"). Below are explanations regarding the type of information collected, what is done with it, and how to correct or change the information. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into cultLotto.com's Official Rules which can be found by clicking on the Rules link on the cultLotto.com Web site, http://www.cultlotto.com (the "Web Site").  
BY REGISTERING THROUGH CULTLOTTO.COM OR ANY OF ITS PARTNERS, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MUST NOT REGISTER, OR, IF YOU ARE ALREADY REGISTERED, YOU MUST END YOUR MEMBERSHIP.

**What Information is Collected**  
1\. Required Information: As part of the cultLotto.com registration process, our Players are asked to provide their name, e-mail address, birth-date and password. We use this information to contact Players about their winnings. Consequently, it is very important that you complete the registration page with valid information. As set out in our Official Rules, the name you register with must be yours to collect the prize. We occasionally send new information about our Company and Web Site to our Players.

2\. Optional Information: A Player may, at his or her option, voluntarily provide additional information, including personal and demographic information. Please note that you are NOT required to provide this information in order to play in the cultLotto.com Sweepstakes.

3\. Aggregate Non-Identifying Information: cultLotto.com may track and analyze non-identity and aggregate usage and statistical information from those who visit our Web Site. cultLotto.com monitors incoming and outgoing Web Site traffic data in part to help diagnose problems with its servers and to administer its Web Site. cultLotto.com also uses this data in part to assemble broad demographic information about its Players and visitors in general. A purpose of this data collection is to provide that cultLotto.com Players and visitors receive relevant, targeted offers and information from cultLotto.com and its Partners. In addition, with respect to ad servers, cultLotto.com tries to bring Players offers that are of interest to them, and cultLotto.com has relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web Site pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information.

4\. E-mail Communications: cultLotto.com uses "contact us" forms as a way for clients, potential clients and Players to communicate with cultLotto.com. cultLotto.com collects the information supplied by the sender of the "contact us" form in order to establish and maintain relationships with clients, potential clients and Players. cultLotto.com welcomes these e-mail communications and makes efforts to respond to these communications where appropriate. E-mail communications and the ideas sent to cultLotto.com in these e-mail communications become the property of cultLotto.com. cultLotto.com uses the e-mail communications to evaluate and improve its services and the Web Site. cultLotto.com also may save these e-mail communications for future reference or use.

5\. Information From Third Parties: In addition to the information provided by Players, cultLotto.com may also collect information about cultLotto.com Players from third-party sources.

**Use of Information**  
cultLotto.com uses information to deliver the cultLotto.com services. Thus, Player Information is used by cultLotto.com in identifying information that may be of interest to its Players. A Player's e-mail address will be used by cultLotto.com to contact that Player about potential interests. cultLotto.com also uses Player information to monitor, interpret, analyze and report Sweepstakes results. cultLotto.com does not use Player information for purposes unrelated to the services offered by cultLotto.com and its selected partners. The "Refer A Friend" option authorizes us to send an e-mail to your friends. Your friends will not receive any other e-mail from cultLotto.com not relating to that promotion. If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our site, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the site. Luckysurf stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email.  
Your friend may contact us at http://www.cultlotto.com to request that we remove this information from our database. An e-mail message containing the winning numbers, the numbers you chose and whether or not you won a prize will be sent, upon preferences set on your "My Account" page, either after each draw or on a daily basis. Additionally, other administrative e-mails are occasionally sent to our Players as play reminders or to keep players aware of additional game offerings, features, and prizes. All administrative emails are primarily informational in nature. Players may also opt to receive emails highlighting additional great offers from our partners.

Players may opt-in to receive promotional emails from cultLotto.com, and its marketing partners. Players may, at any time, choose not to receive promotional e-mails from cultLotto.com by following the "unsubscribe" instructions in the cultLotto.com e-mail or by sending a request with our contact form. cultLotto.com will respond to a request made pursuant to these methods as promptly as practicable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, cultLotto.com may at any time contact Players for the purpose of communicating important information about cultLotto.com or the Web Site to Players.

In an attempt to customize the cultLotto.com service and provide Players with the information they may be most interested in, cultLotto.com also conducts internal research on its Players' demographics, interests and behavior based upon information Players provide directly to cultLotto.com and information that cultLotto.com may collect from third-party sources and/or through the use of "cookies" (see below). cultLotto.com may combine or otherwise overlay some or all of the foregoing information to build profiles about cultLotto.com Players, which may be individual specific or in aggregate form. cultLotto.com does not use information about its Players for any purposes unrelated to the services offered by cultLotto.com and its selected partners.

As discussed above, cultLotto.com may, from time-to-time, obtain information about its Players from third-party sources. In addition, cultLotto.com may, from time-to-time, assist third parties in developing, implementing and monitoring advertising campaigns using data owned or supplied by the third party. We will, however, never sell or supply third-parties with personal information such as your name and your e-mail address. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not cover the conduct or practices of these third-party sources. However, cultLotto.com will treat information that it receives from third-party sources according to the terms of this Privacy Policy. Please be aware that this site contains links to other sites. cultLotto.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statement of other sites you visit.

**Confidentiality**  
cultLotto.com will not provide personally identifiable information of a cultLotto.com Player to third parties. Personally identifiable information means the Player's name, e-mail address or other information from which the Player's identity may be reasonably ascertained. cultLotto.com uses proprietary technologies to preserve the anonymity of Players while matching the Player's interests with targeted information sent via e-mail. It is solely at a cultLotto.com Player's discretion if he or she chooses to provide or have cultLotto.com provide personally identifiable information to a marketer by making a purchase, requesting additional information, requesting LuckySurf transmit their information or communicating directly with the company or organization after visiting its Web site or otherwise.

All cultLotto.com employees are required to comply with the terms of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy provides that employees are obligated to keep Player information confidential. This obligation continues once an employee has left our Company.

**Limits of Confidentiality**  
As part of its day-to-day business activities, cultLotto.com may disclose certain information about cultLotto.com Players to certain third parties, principally: 1. cultLotto.com's Partners; 2. Marketers who use cultLotto.com's network of Players; and 3. third parties who provide services to cultLotto.com; 4. cultLotto.com's advertisers. Below is the information and circumstances under which cultLotto.com may disclose information to third parties.

1\. Partners: When a cultLotto.com Player registers through the Web site of a Partner, cultLotto.com is obligated to disclose to that particular Partner the information submitted by the cultLotto.com Player during the registration process. In addition to the foregoing information, cultLotto.com may also disclose aggregate level information to the Partner about cultLotto.com Players who registered through that particular Partner's site. Such aggregate information may include, for example, the number of individuals who registered through the Partner's site; the turnover rate of cultLotto.com Players who have registered through the Partner's site; with respect to any particular marketing campaign, the response rates of the cultLotto.com Players who registered through the Partner's site; and statistics on the interest categories selected by the cultLotto.com Players who have registered through the Partner's site. Subject to the exceptions discussed in sections below, cultLotto.com will not knowingly disclose any personally identifiable information about a cultLotto.com Player to a Partner unless such personally identifiable information was provided during the registration process through the Partner's Web site; provided however, that cultLotto.com will not disclose any Player's credit card information to a Partner, except as provided in section 3 below.

2\. Marketers: cultLotto.com will disclose aggregate level information about cultLotto.com Players to marketers as reasonably necessary to explain the services that cultLotto.com can offer, to report on the advertising campaigns that cultLotto.com undertakes for any particular marketer, and/or to implement and explain campaign strategies.

3\. cultLotto.com's advertisers: Some of our advertisers have expressed an interest in facilitating the registration to their services. As a result, cultLotto.com might display some banners which automatically start a registration process for 3rd party services. cultLotto.com will always give the choice to users with at least one non-data transfer banner in the banner page. A transfer of the user's data (as entered by users during the cultLotto.com's registration process: name, address, telephone number, e-mail) is originated by cultLotto.com. This data is sent to the advertiser. In order to protect your privacy, such banners clearly advertise this automated sign-up process, in addition, by clicking on such banners, users are taken to a page where they can cancel the data transfer at any time. These advertisers also have to allow cultLotto.com's users to unsubscribe from their service. We encourage users to notify us of any abuse if such requirements are not met by our advertisers.

4\. Legally Required Disclosures: Due to the existing legal, regulatory and security environment, cultLotto.com may be required, under certain circumstances, to disclose aggregate level and/or personally identifiable information about our Players. cultLotto.com will use its best reasonable efforts to limit such disclosure to the following: where cultLotto.com believes in good faith that it is required to do so in response to a subpoena, warrant or other legal process; where reasonably required to do so in order to maintain, update or otherwise implement cultLotto.com's data security measures, equipment, technical operations and the like; or where reasonably necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities to preserve and/or enforce cultLotto.com's rights. Further, we can, and you authorize us to, disclose your Player identification, name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, e-mail, and company to third party agents or cultLotto.com as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy or other unlawful activity or activity that may expose us to legal liability.

5\. Winners: As set out in cultLotto.com's Official Rules, each potential winner of $1,000 or more will be required to sign an affidavit of eligibility, release of liability and publicity, including, but not limited to, the use of winner's name, hometown and photograph without additional compensation (where lawful) which must be signed, notarized and returned within fourteen (14) days of receipt, or the prize will be forfeited and the potential winner will be disqualified. Each winner's name and country of residence may be shown on the cultLotto.com Web Site within thirty (30) days after each day's drawing and on cultLotto.com's list of winners, which will include each winner's name, city and state, the value of the prize won, and the dates upon which the prize was won and delivered to all such winners during the previous ninety (90) days. Except as provided in this section (5) and subject to the exceptions in sections (3) and (4) above, cultLotto.com will not provide any other personally identifiable information about winners.

**The Use of Cookies and Clear GIFs**  
As an important and necessary part of providing customizable and personalized services to our Players, cultLotto.com does link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to a Player's browser from a Web server and stored on a Player's computer hard drive. Areas of cultLotto.com's Web Site where Players are prompted to Sign in or that are customizable require acceptance of cookies. Cookies are also used to help cultLotto.com track the response to messages sent to Players on behalf of marketers so that cultLotto.com can monitor and report campaign results to the marketer and track response history. In addition, banner advertisements are displayed on our Web Site which may contain cookies. While cultLotto.com uses cookies in other parts of our Web Site, the cookies received with banner ads are collected by our third-party advertising partners, and cultLotto.com does not have access to this information. With respect to cookies, you have a choice. By modifying your browser preferences, you have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject all cookies, you will be unable to use those cultLotto.com services that require the use of cookies in order to participate.

cultLotto.com also uses a common technology known as a clear gif or action tags on the Web Site and in e-mail communications with Players. A clear gif (standing for "graphic interface format") is a small graphic image that is 1x1 pixel that cultLotto.com or one of its Partners places on a page of the Web Site. cultLotto.com may also occasionally place clear gifs in e-mail messages that it sends to Players. Clear gifs provide cultLotto.com with important information about how Players use the Web Site and respond to e-mail messages. This helps cultLotto.com to better track certain promotions and understand the effectiveness of its outreach to Players. cultLotto.com may also allow its advertisers and Partners the ability to use clear gifs on the Web Site solely to track Players who link from their respective sites to this Site, though this ability to track such activity does not allow these entities access any Player's personal information to which they are not otherwise entitled.

**Children's Online Privacy Protection**  
The safety of children is important to us. cultLotto.com's Web Site is a general audience site that is not directed to children under the age of 18. Similarly, cultLotto.com's services are not directed to or intended for anyone under the age of 18. cultLotto.com will not knowingly accept Players who are under the age of 18 years nor will it knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from or about anyone under the age of 18 years. cultLotto.com relies on the truthfulness of the registration when accepting new Players. In the event that cultLotto.com receives information that establishes that a Player is under the age of 18 years, cultLotto.com reserves the right to terminate that Player's membership or take other steps that it determines are appropriate in the circumstances, such as providing parental notification. cultLotto.com may also delete all information in our databases about that terminated Player.

If you believe cultLotto.com has any information from or about anyone under 18, please fill out our contact form.

**Sale or Acquisition of cultLotto.com**  
For more information, see our "Policy Changes" section below.

In the event Crown Games ("the owner") or cultLotto.com goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You will be notified via email of any such change in ownership or control of your personal information.

**Protection of Player Information**  
cultLotto.com undertakes substantial efforts to protect the confidentiality of the identity, preferences and other information it has collected about individual Players and will not knowingly allow access to this information to anyone outside cultLotto.com other than to the Player or as described in this Privacy Policy. cultLotto.com has made a substantial investment in its server, database, backup and firewall technologies to protect the information assets of the cultLotto.com Web Site, including the confidentiality of information collected about cultLotto.com Players. These technologies are deployed as part of a sophisticated security architecture and protocol.

You should also do your part in protecting your information. Your cultLotto.com Player name and password are confidential and we recommend that you not divulge them to anyone. Unfortunately, neither cultLotto.com's Web Site nor data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect Player information, cultLotto.com cannot ensure or warrant the security of Player information. Thus, any information a Player transmits to us is done so at the Player's own risk. Once we receive Player information, cultLotto.com undertakes substantial efforts to protect the confidentiality of this information consistent with this Privacy Policy.

**Reviewing or Modifying Player Information or Ending Membership**  
cultLotto.com Players may choose at any time to review, change or update, information stored by cultLotto.com about that Player by accessing their "My Account" page to which a link is located in the menu at the top right corner of each page. To inactivate their account, a cultLotto.com Player may either [Click Here](http://members.cultlotto.com/unsub.php) or visit their "My Account" page to unsubscribe from cultLotto.com messages. Or they can use our contact form. If a Player closes his/her account, the Player will no longer receive any communications from cultLotto.com.

**Policy Changes**  
The foregoing policy is last updated on 03. April 2008. cultLotto.com reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your continued use of cultLotto.com's services following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage. These postings will occur on cultLotto.com's Web Site for at least 30 days prior to any material change. For more information, see our Official Rules.

**Contact Us**  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, cultLotto.com practices, or feel that your privacy has been compromised, please fill out our contact form.
