> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cultizm.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150608042518id_/http%3A//www.cultizm.com/shop_content.php%3FcoID%3D35) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Cultizm.com - Privacy policy

Personal information are processed by us according to the statutory provisions. Information about yourself, such as name, address, email address, telephone number, bank account, credit card number will only be used for contract performance.   
You have the right to obtain information about your stored personnel data. If you have any questions or comments write us an email to info@cultizm.com

**Storage of contract text**  
We will save the contract and send an email including the details of your order. You can always read our  general terms and conditions by following this link: ([cultizm.com/shop_content.php?coID=3](http://www.cultizm.com/shop_content.php?coID=3)). For previous orders, please refer to your personal account.

**Coockies**  
To make visiting our website attractive and to allow the use of certain functions, we use cookies on various pages. These are small text files that are stored on your device. Some of the cookies we use are deleted after the end of the browser session (so-called: session cookies). Other cookies remain on your device and enable us or our partner companies to recognize your browser by visiting the website next time (persistent cookies). You can set your browser so that you are informed about the use of cookies and decide individually about their acceptance or exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general. In the non-acceptance of cookies, the functionality of our website may be limited.

**Data security  
**Your private payment data will be transmitted securely encrypted via the Internet. We protect our website and other systems against any loss, destruction, unauthorized access, changing and/or distributing your data through technical and organizational measures. You should always use your access data in confidence and close the browser window after you have finished communicating with us – this is especially important, if you share a computer with other people.

**Advertisement via email (including newsletter subscriptions)**  
If you signed up for the newsletter separately, your email address will be used for the purpose of advertisement until you unsubscribe from the aforementioned newsletter. Unsubscribing from the newsletter is possible at any time, without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs in accordance with the basic tariffs.

**Addthis bookmarking plugin**  
Data is collected and stored on our website for the purpose of marketing and optimizations, using technologies from AddThis (1595 Spring Hill Rd Vienna, VA 22182). The collected data can be used to create a user profile with a pseudonym. In this process cookies may be used to do this. Cookies enable recognition of a user's browser but they do not personally identify users. The data collected by AddThis is stored anonymously under an abbreviated form, as a "pseudonym" so that it is not possible to identify individual users. Unless you give your express consent, data collected by AddThis technologies is not combined with personal data about you or pseudonym data. You may refuse the future collection and storage for the purposes of web analysis by etracker at any time by enabling the "Opt Out Cookies". Further information concerning this option can be found on the AddThis website (www.addthis.com/privacy).

**Facebook**  
This site uses a social plugin of the Facebook network. For this plugin Facebook itself (Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA) is responsible. If you use the Facebook "Like" button or leave a comment, those informations are transmitted directly to Facebook. We refer herein by regard to the range of collected data, the storage and its further use, to review the privacy policies of the Facebook network   
<http://de-de.facebook.com/privacy/explanation.php> and <http://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php>.

**Google Analytics**  
„This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB>.

Further information can be found under <http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/tos.html> (Google Analytics Terms of Service & Privacy). Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “gat._anonymizeIp();” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).“ (Source: http://www.datenschutzbeauftragter-info.de)

**Contact partner for data security**  
In case of any questions about the collection, handling or utilization of your personal data or to request information, change, block or delete your personal data, as well as the revocation of any consents, please refer to:

Dejan Milenkovic  
Hafenweg 15  
D- 48155 Münster  
Germany  
Fax: +49 0251-270 768 920   
info@cultizm.com

**Revocation of consent**  
You have (if applicable, explicitly) given the following consents. We would like to inform you that you can always revoke your consents with effect for the future.

**Permission for advertisement via email**  
I would like to receive interesting news and offers regularly via email. My email address will not be given to any other companies. I can always revoke my consent for storing and using my email address for the purpose of advertisement with effect for the future, without incurring any costs other than the transmission costs in accordance with the basic tariffs.
