> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the acurianhealth.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-08-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130824084644id_/https%3A//www.acurianhealth.com/acurianhealth_privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AcurianHealth: Your guide to clinical research health options - About clinical research

Welcome to www.acurianhealth.com ("acurianhealth.com"), which is owned and operated by Acurian Inc. ("Acurian"). This Agreement contains the Terms of Service upon which you and any organization(s) (collectively referred to herein as "User") on whose behalf you use acurianhealth.com may access the products, services, information, and other materials available through acurianhealth.com.

Before accessing acurianhealth.com, please read the following terms and conditions carefully, as they govern the use of acurianhealth.com and all products, services, information, and other materials available through it.

By accessing and using acurianhealth.com, you agree to abide by the Terms of Service below. We have created these rules and guidelines to protect you and our other users. If you encounter another user who is not abiding by these Terms of Service, please contact us so that we may take appropriate actions.

Updated: March 14, 2013

[](http://clicktoverify.truste.com/pvr.php?page=validate&url=www.acurian.com&sealid=103)

Acurian’s mission is to promote awareness of opportunities for individuals to participate in clinical trials, which are needed for the development of investigational drugs and therapies. Because this means individuals such as you may entrust us with information of a personal and confidential nature (“Personal Information”, as more fully described below), we have created this Privacy and Security Policy ("Policy"). This Policy explains what information we may gather, and for what purpose; how you may contact us with questions about this Policy or to choose that your Personal Information not be used by us; and how we maintain the security and integrity of any Personal Information in our possession. As you will see if you review this Policy, we would in any case have only very limited Personal Information about you – we do not have access to your medical records or collect any personal health information about you, unless you report it to us or to a third party, such as a consumer surveyor, that you have authorized to share information with us (our “Data Partners”); and we will only use such information for the purposes you authorize.

Our Policy is based on three core principles:

  1. We will not share your Personal Information with anyone without your prior permission unless required by law.
  2. We will never use your Personal Information for any purpose without your permission, and then we will use it only for that purpose.
  3. We will keep your Personal Information private and secure.



The only purpose for which we collect Personal Information is to facilitate your participation in clinical trials, if you are willing to do so.

As this Policy will explain more fully below (see the Section captioned “Correcting Your Personal Information; Opting In and Opting Out of the Database”), we provide you with opportunities to choose to be contacted with information about clinical trials, and we also provide you with opportunities to elect to discontinue such contacts. We refer to an election to be contacted, or to be included in a clinical trial, as “opting in”; and we refer to elections not to be contacted further, or to be removed from our database, as “opting out”. We honor all such choices.

If you have any questions regarding our Privacy and Security Policy, or are concerned that we are not following any part of our Policy, please contact us:

  * by email through the Contact Us section of our Web site
  * by fax at (215) 323-9001, attn: Privacy Officer
  * by regular mail at Acurian, Inc., Attention: Privacy Officer, 2 Walnut Grove Drive, Suite 375, Horsham, PA, 19044.



Acurian, Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe's program requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy_seals_and_services/consumer_privacy/privacy-programs-requirements.html) including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. This privacy statement covers the Web sites www.acurian.com and acuriantrials.com.

If you have questions or concerns regarding this Policy, you should first contact the office of our Privacy Office at privacyofficer@acurian.com. If contacting us does not resolve your complaint, you may raise your complaint with TRUSTe by [Internet here](http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint&url=) or by fax at 415-520-3420 or mail to TRUSTe Safe Harbor Compliance Dept., [click for mailing address](http://www.truste.com/about_TRUSTe/contact_us). If you are faxing or mailing TRUSTe to lodge a complaint, you must include the following information: the name of company, the alleged privacy violation, your contact information, and whether you would like the particulars of your complaint shared with the company. For information about TRUSTe or the operation of TRUSTe's dispute resolution process, click [here](http://www.truste.com/why_TRUSTe_privacy_services/online-privacy-watchdog.html) or request this information from TRUSTe at any of the addresses listed above. The TRUSTe dispute resolution process shall be conducted in English.

**Changes to the Policy**

We regularly review our Policy to ensure that it provides an appropriate level of protection for your Personal Information. From time to time, we may make changes to our Policy to keep it current with industry standards and as required by law. We will post the date of the most recent revisions on this page. Please check back here from time to time to make sure that you are current and up-to-date on our Policy. Please keep in mind that your use of our Web site means that you accept our Privacy and Security Policy. For more information on this point, please read our Terms of Service of site use. If we make a material change to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the changes taking effect.

**Information Protected under this Policy**

This Policy applies to what we call "Personal Information". We define "Personal Information" as any information that could identify you or could be used to contact or locate you. This may also include information you provide relating to your health. Personal Information includes information that may not identify you directly, but that could be used to identify you if used in conjunction with other information - for example, a user name and password combination. This Policy does NOT apply to information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identifying you in any way) or information about groups, rather than individuals, which we sometimes use to show trends or geographic groupings. (For example, we will not provide your street address to anyone without your permission, but we may display a regional map showing groups of cancer patients in the United States by ZIP Code.)

**Information Collected**

The only Personal Information about you that we collect is information that you provide. Acurian does not have access to any of your confidential medical records. The only information about your health condition to which we ever have access is information you expressly and voluntarily provide to us or our Data Partners so that we can match you with an appropriate clinical trial, or information we receive from healthcare professionals with your consent, exclusively pertaining to your participation in a trial. At various locations on our site, we ask you for information. It may be optional or mandatory for you to provide the information based on the activity that you are performing. For example, you do not have to give us your real name when you register. We do, however, need to have your real name and contact information if you are seeking to be considered for enrollment in a particular clinical trial, or if you have enrolled and wish us to help you during the trial process. We clearly mark which information is optional throughout our site. If you choose to give us optional information, we will be able to provide additional services to you, and tailor those services more effectively. At any point on our site, though, you will be able to perform a particular activity by providing us with only the minimum information required.

The information we seek to collect at different places on our site allows us to provide you (whether you are a patient, physician, or authorized caregiver) with information that is targeted specifically to you or the individual for whom you are seeking information. In the event that you would like to be considered for enrollment in a clinical trial, this information allows us to contact you and the professionals managing a particular trial regarding your eligibility, and to inform you about specific studies that may meet your eligibility criteria. In the event that you have enrolled in a trial, this information allows us to help keep you informed about it.

We provide information from a variety of reputable sources regarding clinical trials and new medical therapies, and we provide you with the ability to send a link to that content along with explanatory messages written by you to third parties (your friends, relatives, etc.) via e-mail. We do not limit the information you may send in a message. We do caution you to minimize the confidential information you send in the text of a message, as there is no way we can prevent information delivered off of our site from being transmitted or used improperly by the recipient of your message.

**Data Sharing and Transfer Practices**

Acurian does not sell, share, rent or trade your personal information with third parties other than as disclosed within this privacy policy.

  * Our Partners. To help us provide our services we sometimes work cooperatively with other businesses or agencies (our “partners”). If you enroll in a study, we may also work with the investigation site to help keep you informed about the trial and generally facilitate your trial experience. We do not provide your Personal Information to any of our partners without your prior permission, nor do we ever receive Personal Information from a doctor, trial investigator or any other third party without your prior knowledge and permission. However, from our site you will be able to link to several of our partners. When you click on one of these links, you are moving to another Web site maintained by another entity. We make every effort to protect your privacy by partnering only with sites that have privacy policies similar to ours. All of our partners have agreed to publish their privacy policies for your review. It is important, however, that you review the privacy policies of our partners before giving them your Personal Information. Acurian cannot control the privacy policies of our partners, and likewise cannot control the actions our partners may take with any Personal Information you might provide them.
  * Intermediaries. We may use the services of intermediaries such as the U.S. Postal Service, call centers, paper mail and e-mail fulfillment service providers and data cleansing service providers to contact you with information you have requested and to provide other information and relevant to your participation in clinical trials. All such third-party processors are contractually bound to handle your information in accordance with this privacy policy and to strictly observe a non-disclosure policy, so you can be confident that the privacy of your Personal Information will be maintained.
  * Data Enhancement Partners. We may submit your data to third parties (Data Enhancement Partners) in order to update it and enhance its content. One example of a Data Enhancement Partner is a company that checks the address we have on file for you against national change of address databases. Another example is a company that maintains a broader range of information acquired from a variety of sources, including publicly available data, and then suggests individuals likely to be interested in products and services based on common traits with others who have already demonstrated interest in those products and services. At no time, under any circumstances, may any Acurian partner company release your data based upon the specific, confidential information you have provided during our clinical trial recruitment processes.
  * Disclosures Required by Law. While we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site, we will make every effort, when allowed, to inform you in advance to give you the opportunity to resist disclosure.



**European and Canadian Data Protection Policies**

Acurian complies with the U.S. – E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Acurian has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Acurian’s certification, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>.. We also confirm that our data security practices comply with applicable Canadian laws, and that Personal Information collected from users in Canada will be transferred to Acurian in the United States only with proper permission.

**Sale or Transfer of Corporate Assets**

Acurian expressly reserves the right to transfer its database of information in part or as a whole to another legal entity as part of any sale or merger of all or part of Acurian, Inc. with a separate legal entity. Any entity acquiring any data assets of Acurian will do so with the express, written commitment to use the data only for the purposes for which it was provided to Acurian, and only after Acurian is satisfied that the acquiring entity can and will provide at least the same level of protection to personal information as Acurian does. You will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.

**When Information Is Collected**

We collect information in the following ways and at the following times:

  * Initial User Registration. We collect information you provide to us when you register at one of our sites. You are asked to provide us with your name, email address, address and phone number. You are asked to create a username and password. You are also asked to provide demographic information such as birth date, gender and race. You may do this at a time when you are simply interested in receiving information about trials generally, or upcoming trials in your area; or you may do this at the suggestion of a trial investigator after you have enrolled in a trial. In any such event, the only information we will receive will be what you tell us or what you specifically authorize. We will not be given access to any information just because you may have provided it to a doctor or trial investigator. In fact, we never have access to your medical records as such or any information about your health other than what you expressly provide to us. Some areas of our site are public, and can be viewed without registering as a member of our community. Many areas, however, contain information that is most effective when targeted to individual users. In order to tailor the user experience, and to provide users with a better understanding of our offerings, we ask users to register with us before entering these areas of the site. We also collect this information so that we may provide you with useful information about your trial and about Acurian, including www.acurian.com updates, newsletters, and new functionality, etc. The registration questionnaire is meant to be as simple as possible, and seeks information necessary to contact you with appropriately customized materials and/or trial opportunities.
  * Resource Documents Registration. If you would like to register to use our resource documents section of the site we ask for your name, company email address, company name and address, and telephone number. We use this information to create an account for you to allow you unlimited access to our patient recruitment white papers, recorded Webinars, brochures, case studies and more.
  * Further Information. At various locations on our site, we may ask you to provide additional information about yourself so that we can provide you with further customization or additional services. For example, we may ask you if we may provide you with notifications about your appointments, or new clinical trials and new medical therapies that might interest you. If you agree to let us provide you with these notifications, we will seek information necessary to contact you in an appropriate fashion and to provide you with pre-screening for the clinical trial in question. If you are a physician, we may ask you to provide us with data regarding your clinical experience with clinical trials and other credential-related information that assist us in marketing your clinical research capabilities to our pharmaceutical and biotechnology customers. We may also seek certain information from you and/or your professional staff to inform you about clinical trial participation opportunities for you and your office. Upon request, we will make this information available to our customers, clinical trial sponsors who are seeking to enroll additional investigators for their trials.
  * Enrollment Forms. Many of our users are interested in enrolling in clinical trials, and some have already enrolled in trials. Enrollment in a clinical trial is decided based on strict demographic and clinical criteria set out by the entity developing the drug that is being tested (the "Sponsor"). To learn whether you satisfy these criteria for a particular trial, Acurian and the Sponsor create a questionnaire. This is likely to ask for medical information. For example, a pancreatic cancer trial might ask your age, your gender, your home address, your e-mail and/or telephone number, the date on which you were diagnosed, the stage of your cancer, and other information. If you meet the prequalification criteria for the trial, and grant Acurian explicit permission to do so, your information will be forwarded to an investigator in your area for further evaluation. Your information will never be shared with any party unless you grant express permission to do so. Please note that these pages are encrypted using secure socket layer technology. If you agree to be contacted by a study site about further screening, we will give the doctor administering the study your answers to our initial screening questionnaire, which include the contact and personal health information you provided; but the doctor will be under strict constraints by laws governing the release of your name or information to any other person or entity for purposes directly related to your participation in the study, and any such release may not be for marketing or other unauthorized purpose. If you have enrolled in a trial and the investigator wishes to allow Acurian to facilitate your experience, you will be given an opportunity to register with Acurian for that purpose.
  * Tell-a-friend. We allow users to send e-mail to their friends telling them about our site. In order to use this referral service, we will ask you for your friend's name and e-mail address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time e-mail inviting him or her to visit the site. We do not store this e-mail address and will not use it for any other purpose.
  * Newsletters. At times, we, along with our partners (including medical centers, healthcare companies and medical Web sites) may offer newsletters or other publications focused on specific medical conditions that you might want to receive. In order to receive these newsletters you may have to supply your name and address to our partner so that they can send you the publications in which you have expressed an interest. We ask our partners to agree that they will use this information solely for delivering to you the newsletters you want to receive.
  * Data Partners. Acurian has relationships with a number of companies that gather opt-in health information from consumers. If you have provided Personal Information to one of our Data Partners, indicated an interest in clinical research studies or in health information, and opted in to receive information of interest from third parties, we may receive your Personal Information from the Data Partner.



**How Long We Retain Your Personal Information**

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at privacyofficer@acurian.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

**When and How Acurian May Contact You**

When you register with Acurian, you are indicating your consent to permit Acurian to store your name in our database, to check your personal profile against clinical trials that are currently seeking to enroll investigators and/or patients, and possibly to permit Acurian to facilitate your trial experience. When we find one or more studies that may be of interest to you based on the information you have provided to us, we may periodically contact you using the information you have provided. If you expressly request Acurian to keep you informed about a trial in which you have enrolled, we will do so. If you agree, we will contact you by various means to facilitate your participation in a trial. For instance, we may contact you by email or leave voice mail message to remind you of appointments. We will not state the nature of the appointment in the voice mail message so that it does not reveal any personal health information. We may call or text message your cell phone, or we may send you material via regular US mail, special courier or telefax. We would not contact you without your prior consent, however.

In the event that you receive a text message from us and would like to discontinue receiving information in this manner specifically, you may reply to any Acurian-sent text message with the word “STOP”. As with all text messages, you may incur charges from your service provider based on the terms of your agreement with it. Discontinuing text messages is not the same as stopping all communication from Acurian by other means, which can be done by following the “Opt-out” procedure elsewhere in this Policy. See the Section in this Policy called **Correcting Your Personal Information; Opting In and Opting Out of the Database** for information about choosing to discontinue being contacted by us. We also provide a regular e-mail service that will inform you of new postings to our site that may be of interest to you. In order to receive this service, you will be asked to indicate that you want us to provide you with this service. If we find a trial that may meet your profile, we will send you an e-mail notification of the study, along with a toll-free telephone number and/or a link to our secure site to complete the preliminary eligibility questionnaire. You may elect to receive regular e-mails relating to new trial postings and/or news.

Acurian will contact you if you notify us that you have lost or forgotten your password. We will contact you using the preferred method reported in your profile.

Acurian will contact you periodically, but no more than once in a two-month period, when we have provided significantly new or different functionality to our Web site, so that you are aware of the new services and can decide whether to take advantage of them.

We will make every reasonable effort to give you a timely response to any question, suggestion, or comment you may have about this Policy, or about the site in general. Please fill out our Contact Us form to submit any thoughts you may have.

We and our partners may, from time to time, produce newsletters, magazines, and/or other documents designed to educate our users about clinical trials and new medical therapies. You will be given the opportunity to indicate whether you would like to receive any of these publications before they will be sent to you.

At any time, you may indicate to Acurian that you wish to receive no communications from Acurian by editing your profile in the “My Profile” section of the Acurian site. If you so indicate, Acurian will not contact you under any circumstances except to respond to a later communication initiated by you.

**Customer Testimonials**

We post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information. We do obtain the customer's consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. To request removal of your personal information from our testimonials, please contact us at [privacyofficer@acurian.com](mailto:privacyofficer@acurian.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your information, in which case we will contact you and let you know why. 

**Acurian’s Role If You Become a Trial Participant**

Some investigators ask us to help keep you informed about the trial process after you have enrolled. We are pleased to offer this service, with your consent and using only information you provide to us. We are not medical professionals, however, and it is important that you recognize our limited role in this respect. We will not offer medical advice or express any opinions about the trial. Our role is merely to inform you about trial logistics and procedures, such as appointment dates, site locations, and what may be expected of you and your family members as you proceed.

**Statement of HIPAA Compliance and Compliance with State Privacy Laws**

The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ("HIPAA") controls the collection, use, and distribution of individually identifiable health information by certain health care providers, called "covered entities" under the statute. All of Acurian's services conform to HIPAA’s standards and requirements, and are also compliant with all other applicable federal, state, and local laws and regulations. Acurian is not, however, a covered entity as that term is defined under HIPAA. As a result, and because you (instead of a third party) have willingly and knowingly provided the information we collect, HIPAA does not apply to our services.

**Cookies**

A cookie is a piece of data stored on your computer's hard drive containing information about you that helps your Web browser remember specific information that a Web server can later retrieve. For instance, by allowing a cookie to be set for our site, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If your Web browser rejects cookies, you may still use our site. The only drawback to this is that you will be limited in some areas of our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target your areas of interests to enhance your experience on our site.

Acurian uses cookies to analyze your movement and the movements of other users on our site so that we may enhance the areas that you find valuable and eliminate areas that you do not like. We also use cookies to gather broad (non-personal) demographic data, so that we can target our information to particular communities within our user base. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information or personal health information you submit while on our site.

**3rd Party Advertising Cookies Opt-Out**

Acurian is dedicated to providing privacy on the Internet. In addition to developing our privacy policy, we have provided you the opportunity to opt out of future 3rd party advertising cookies.

Acurian may allow third parties to place cookies on our site for advertising purposes. This Online Privacy Statement does not cover the collection methods or use of the information collected by these vendors. These vendors have their own privacy policies and may be members of the [Network Advertising Initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/) ("NAI"). To remove yourself from some or all NAI member advertising programs, please visit the [NAI Opt-Out Page](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) and follow the relevant instructions. Please note that if you delete, block, or otherwise restrict cookies, or if you use a different computer or Internet browser, you may need to renew your opt-out choice.

**Log Files**

The first time you register with Acurian, we store your registration information along with a code that identifies your initial entry point into our site. This information is used solely for the benefit of those partners of Acurian who refer users to us, so that we may tell them the number of their users who have accessed our site. We do not provide our partners with any other information about you without your express permission.

**Rights of Other Organizations or Entities to View Data Entered on Acurian's Web Site**

The information being collected on our site is being collected by Acurian, Inc. No other entity will have rights to the Personal Information collected on our site. No other entity is collecting information on our site, and we will not provide your Personal Information to any other entity without your permission. While we reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site, we will make every effort, when allowed, to inform you in advance to give you the opportunity to resist disclosure. We work cooperatively with a number of other entities (medical centers, content publishers, other health Web sites, etc.) to provide you with broader services than we would be able to provide you with ourselves. In some cases, you will be able to use these services without leaving our site. In other cases, you will be delivered off of our site and on to the site of one of our partners. We will always inform you, either by specifically stating or by dramatically changing the appearance of the site, when you have left our site and arrived at a site controlled by another entity.

**Correcting Your Personal Information; Opting In and Opting Out of the Database**

Except for information that is publicly available, we only use Personal Information that you have voluntarily provided to us or our Data Partners. We refer to your consent to be contacted, to be included in a clinical trial, or to other use of your Personal Information as “opting in”. You may revoke your consent at any time. We refer to this as “opting out”. The first time you provide us with information, you will have the ability to instruct us regarding other communications. For example, when you register, we will ask you if we may send you newsletters about new medical therapies. By opting to check the box requesting such newsletters, you state your consent and interest in receiving them. If you check the box stating that you do not wish to receive the newsletters, you ensure that Acurian will not send you those newsletters. You may alter your contact preferences in the My Profile section of the Web site at any time. You may opt-out from receiving our newsletters at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link located at the bottom of each newsletter. After you have completed the registration process, we will send you an e-mail thanking you for your participation on our site. You will have the ability to remove your Personal Information from our contact list at any time you so desire, by sending an email entitled “Unsubscribe” to information@acurian.com. Our customer service staff will remove your information from our contact list upon receiving your request. You can make changes or delete any inaccuracies to any information you have given us at any time by clicking on the Update your membership profile link at the top of every page on the Web site and making the desired changes. If you wish to make changes or delete inaccuracies to any information we have collected on acuriantrials.com you can email us at information@acurian.com.

Similarly, if at any time you decide that you do not want us to use your information, or you wish to make changes or delete any inaccuracies; you can email us at information@acurian.com. We will respond to your request to access within 30 days.

If we receive notification from you that you would like us to stop using your data for a particular purpose such as sending you newsletters, we will follow your instructions. When you opt out, send us an “Unsubscribe” request or use the unsubscribe link provided within each newsletter communication to otherwise ask us to stop using your Personal Information, we nevertheless retain in a separate, secure database information needed to re-identify you at a later date. This is necessary to enable us to honor your request not to be contacted, since your name may subsequently come to us from another source, and to enable us to answer any questions that may subsequently arise about your original contact with Acurian.

**Security**

We take every precaution to protect your Personal Information. When you provide us with Personal Information, it is protected both online and off-line.

  * USER NAME AND PASSWORD: The first line of protection is your encrypted password, selected by you. Your user name is unique to you, and is only effective with your password. No one can access any of the secure areas of our site without a proper user name and password combination. To minimize the chance that someone can guess your password, we require passwords with a minimum length of 8 characters that contain characters with upper and lower case letters and numbers. If a user of our site enters an invalid password a certain number of times, that user will be blocked from entering the site for a period of time thereafter. Since Personal Information will only be displayed or entered in a secure area, the password provides considerable protection.
  * ENCRYPTION: In addition to the password protection, any Personal Information or Personal Health Information you provide is encrypted (using 128-bit encryption) and must be accessed using the SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption standard. You can tell that you are on a secure, encrypted page while browsing our site by looking at the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer. If the page is secure, the lock is closed; when the page is unencrypted (as it is during standard surfing), the lock becomes un-locked.
  * FIREWALLS: To protect against hackers entering our server environment, we have erected multiple firewalls. Data contained on our servers is visible only to proprietary middleware applications. Sign-on passwords are required by internal staff and are changed on a periodic basis. All internal activity is logged.
  * OFF-LINE PROTECTION: While we use SSL encryption to protect your Personal Information online, we also work very hard to protect Personal Information off-line. Any information we receive, whether defined as Personal Information or not, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our database administrators) are granted access to your Personal Information. ALL of our employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our users' Personal Information is protected.
  * PHYSICAL SECURITY: We also protect and secure the physical environment in which data is stored. We store Personal Information on servers kept in a secure environment, within locked, environmentally controlled server rooms.



Please note that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

**Supplementation of Information**

In order for us to enhance our ability to tailor our site to our users' preferences, we may combine Personal Information you provide us with aggregated data (data that cannot be used to identify a person) about groups of people with similar desires or situations. For example, we may combine your personal drug history with aggregated groups of prescribing histories to better understand the geographic distribution of individuals suffering from a particular therapeutic condition.

However, your privacy will be protected since when your Personal Information is added to an aggregated pool of data there is no way to identify you personally.
