> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the acus.org privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101119082836id_/http%3A//www.acus.org/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Atlantic Council

**Resale or disclosure of information to third parties** :  The Atlantic Council does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information collected at our site, including membership forms or email lists.

**Information Collection** :The Atlantic Council may collect information from our users at several different points.

**Comments** : In order to enhance their use of the site, users can choose to leave comments on particular articles of interest. To leave a comment, users must submit information including an email address. The Atlantic Council may use this, and other information, to screen out users who leave comments prohibited by our terms and conditions of use, and will not pass this information to any other organization.

**Mailing List** : The Atlantic Council may launch a mailing list for some or all of the member sites. In order to sign up to receive regular emails from a site's mailing list, users must submit information including a valid email address and demographic information such as location and interests. This information will be used in aggregate form only in order to assess general user interest in various internal and third party products and services, and your personal and contact information will not be passed to any other organization. Users who choose to sign up for a mailing list will receive regular emails from the site, including new articles added to the site as well as emails from third party site sponsors. If you do not wish to receive emails from third party advertisers, do not sign up for the mailing list. All mailing lists will have an easily located "unsubscribe" option.

**Cookies** : A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We may use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. By setting a cookie on an The Atlantic Council site, users will not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on the site's discussion board. We store a cookie on each user's machine that contains a username and encrypted password. You can configure your browser to accept all cookies, reject all cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set. If you reject all cookies, you will not be able to use  products or services that require you to "sign in," and you may not be able to take full advantage of all offerings.

**Log Files** : Like most standard Web site servers we use log files. This includes internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We may use a tracking utility that uses log files to analyze user movement.

**Legal   ****Disclaimer** : Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, The Atlantic Council may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process.

**Links** : The Atlantic Council website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that The Atlantic Council is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by The Atlantic Council.

**Notification of Changes** : Whenever The Atlantic Council changes its privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
