> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the one2onenetwork.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161018220451id_/http%3A//one2onenetwork.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**One2One Network Privacy Policy  
**_(Effective as of 1/2014)_

Your privacy is important to us at One2One Network. (“One2One”, “we”, or “us”). Our online privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) describes the types of information we gather from those persons visiting the Internet Web site [www.one2onenetwork.com](http://www.one2onenetwork.com/) and how we use that information.  **By accessing this Site, you agree to be bound by the Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use this Site. Each time you use the Site, the current version of the Privacy Policy will apply. Accordingly, when you use the Site, you should check the date of this Policy (which appears at the top) and review any changes since the last version.**

  1. **Collection and Sharing of Information**  
We may collect two types of information from users of our Site: “Personally Identifiable information” (such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, birth date, etc.) and “aggregate information” (such as frequency of visits to the Site, Site pages most frequently accessed, IP address, browser type, marital status, household income, etc.). We use this information in an effort to improve your experience on the Site and to communicate with you about various project directives. We may also use this information to make offers to you and to help us develop and improve our Site.
  2. **Collection of Personally Identifiable Information**  
We only collect Personally Identifiable information that is voluntarily provided by users of the Site when users register on the Site as a One2One Network Member (“Network Member(s)”). For example, when you register on the Site, you may be required to provide personally identifiable information such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, and birth date.
  3. **Collection of Aggregate information**  
We also collect aggregate information, which is non-personally identifiable/anonymous information, such as frequency of visits to the Site, Site pages most frequently accessed, IP address, browser type **,** marital status and household income. Aggregate Information is used in a collective manner, and no single person can be identified by that compiled information.
  4. **Sharing, Selling, and Trading Personally Identifiable Information Collected Online with Third Parties**  
We will not sell, share, trade or otherwise disclose Personally Identifiable Information with third parties for their own marketing purposes. We may share Personally Identifiable Information with third party service providers, such as shipping companies or companies who send e-mail communications on our behalf. These third parties are not authorized to retain, share, store or use your Personally Identifiable Information for any purpose other than completion of the services for which they were hired **.**



In addition, in the following circumstances we may share or transfer Personally Identifiable Information to unrelated third parties: (i) to comply with a legal requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us; (ii) to investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; (iii) in connection with the sale, purchase, merger, reorganization, liquidation or dissolution of our company; or (iv) when we believe it is appropriate to do so to protect the rights, property, or safety of our company or other persons.

  5. **Sharing, Selling and Trading Aggregate Information Collected Online With Third Parties**  
We may sell, share or trade compiled aggregate information with third parties. As stated earlier, no single person can be identified by such aggregate information.
  6. **Mobile Phone Communications**  
From time to time, we may offer communications via SMS to your mobile device. We will not sell, share, or transfer any Personally Identifiable Information to unrelated third parties, unless it is (i) to comply with a legal requirement, judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us; (ii) to investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; (iii) in connection with the sale, purchase, merger, reorganization, liquidation or dissolution of our company; or (iv) when we believe it is appropriate to do so to protect the rights, property, or safety of our company or other persons.



Should you choose to opt-in to receiving communications from Us through SMS to your mobile device, you shall be responsible for any associated fees and costs related to your receipt of these types of messages. We will never request that you submit sensitive information over SMS to Us. If you are ever concerned with the validity of the SMS message received from Us you may contact us at [contact@one2onenetwork.com](mailto:contact@one2onenetwork.com) or through the Site. If, at any time, you wish to no longer receive communications via SMS follow the prompts provided in the message or contact us directly.

  7. **Message Boards/Blogs**  
On the Site, we may provide message boards or blogs for Network Members to post comments and messages for others to read along with areas for Network Members to submit videos or photos. We may collect technical information about your post, such as the IP address from which you posted, and associate this information with your messages. Even if messages are deleted, we may retain copies and attendant information indefinitely.



When you post messages to the message boards or blogs or when you submit videos or photos to the Site, certain registration information, such as your email address, user name and/or full name, may be available to the public. Also note that any personal information you include in the body of your message or video/photo submission will be available to the public so it is important for you to exercise discretion and appropriate caution when deciding to reveal personally identifiable information in these areas.

  8. **Use of Cookies  **  
Cookies are pieces of information which websites transfer to your computer’s web browser for storage on your computer’s hard drive. We use cookies to measure activity on our Site, which allows us to improve navigation throughout our Site. In addition, cookies on the Site may contain information (such as an unique user ID), which tracks the pages of the Site you have visited. This information allows us to make updates to enhance your experience. Parts of the Site will not function if you do not have cookies enabled. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you turn off cookies or refuse them, though, you will not be able to use every portion of our Site.
  9. **Children and Privacy**  
We are concerned about the safety of children when they use the Internet, and understand that children may not understand all the provisions of our Privacy Policy or make informed decisions about the choices that are made available to adult users of the Site. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the sites their children visit. Our Site is not directed to children under the age of 13, and we will never request personally identifiable information from anyone whom we know to be under the age of 13, without verifiable parental consent.
  10. **Links to Other Websites**  
This Site may contain links to websites operated by other people or companies. Those websites may have their own privacy policy or no privacy policy at all. We do not have any responsibility for those websites, and we provide the links solely for the convenience of our visitors.
  11. **Security**  
The security of your Personally Identifiable information is important to us and we are committed to handling your information carefully. We restrict access to your Personally Identifiable information to employees who need to know that information in order to provide services. In addition, we make reasonable efforts to follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personally Identifiable information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personally Identifiable information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. IN NO EVENT WILL One2One OR OUR OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, AFFILIATES, agents, licensors, suppliers OR ANY PARTY INVOLVED IN CREATING, PRODUCING OR DELIVERING THIS SITE BE LIABLE IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER FOR ANY DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF: (I) THIS SITE, YOUR ACCESS, USE OR INABILITY TO USE THIS SITE; (ii) ANY FAILURE OR PERFORMANCE, ERROR, OMISSION, INTERRUPTION, DEFECT, DELAY IN OPERATION OR TRANSMISSION, COMPUTER VIRUS OR LINE OR SYSTEM FAILURE (INCLUDING LOSS PROFITS, LOSS OF BUSINESS OR DATA, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, AND DAMAGES THAT RESULT FROM INACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION OR INCONVENIENCE, DELAY, OR LOSS OF THE USE OF THE SITE); (III) PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGE, OF ANY NATURE WHATSOEVER, RESULTING FROM YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SITE, (IV) ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS TO OR USE OF OUR SECURE SERVERS AND/OR ANY AND ALL PERSONAL IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION STORED THEREIN, (V) ANY BUGS, VIRUSES, TROJAN HORSES, OR THE LIKE, WHICH MAY BE TRANSMITTED TO OR THROUGH THE SITE BY ANY THIRD PARTY. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS APPLY WHETHER THE ALLEGED LIABILITY IS BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE STRICT LIABILITY OR ANY OTHER BASIS, EVEN IF One2One OR OUR AFFILIATES OR ANY OTHER PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
  12. **Changes to this Policy**  
If we decide to make material changes to our Policy, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on the Network and updating the date at the top of the Privacy Policy. Therefore, we encourage you to check the date of our Policy whenever you visit the Service for any updates or changes. Any material changes to this Policy will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our sending of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on the Network. Please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your Personal Information to provide us with your most current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Policy may affect our use or disclosure of Personal Information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use or disclosure of your Personal Information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us. Continued use of, and access to our Service, following notice of such changes, shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
  13. **Phishing**.  
Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to One2One. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not request your credit card information, login information, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the [Federal Trade Commission’s website](https://www.ftc.gov/).
  14. **Breach Notification**.  
We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Network in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as it is consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
  15. **International Transfer**.  
Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, One2One transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
  16. **Business Transfers**  
In the event that we sell substantially all of our assets, or one of our business units are acquired, Personally Identifiable information of Network Members along with aggregate information collected on the Site will likely be one of the transferred assets.
  17. **Corrections/Information Removal/Opt-Out**  
If your name, e-mail or postal address, telephone number or other Personally Identifiable information changes, you may update, correct or omit the relevant information by contacting us at [contact@one2onenetwork.com](mailto:contact@one2onenetwork.com)or if you prefer not to receive marketing e-mails from us, please let us know by (i) sending us an e-mail at [unsubscribe@one2onenetwork.com](mailto:unsubscribe@one2onenetwork.com) (ii) by clicking on the unsubscribe link within any marketing e-mail you receive from us; or (iii) by unselecting the subscribe box on your profile page. If you prefer not to receive marketing mail, please let us know by sending a request to 15 E. Putnam Ave, #443, Greenwich, CT 06830. Please be sure to include in any e-mail or postal mail, your full name, e-mail address, postal address, and any message. Please note that such requests may take up to ten (10) days to become effective.
  18. **Further Questions**  
If you have further questions about our Privacy Policy, please [Contact Us](http://www.one2onenetwork.com/contact_us.php?phpMyAdmin=-5CWPHvR2uURADIrfKZ2jDh9Ga7) or reach us by phone at 203-340-2257.


