> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the oneclickchicks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140617100415id_/http%3A//www.oneclickchicks.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# One Click Chicks - Privacy Policy

Privacy Policy

OneClickPass.com (“OCP ”), the owner of http://www.oneclickchicks.com (the “Website”) recognizes that visitors, users, and others (collectively or individually “Users”) who use the “Website” value their privacy. This Privacy Notice details important information regarding the use and disclosure of User information collected on the Website. OCP provides this Privacy Notice to help you make an informed decision about whether to utilize or continue utilizing the Website. 

This Privacy Notice, your use of the Website, and any personal information you provide is incorporated into and is subject to our [Terms of Service](http://www.oneclickchicks.com/tos/). 

OCP Collects The Following Information: 

  1. User Provided Information: You provide certain personally identifiable information (such as your name and email address) to OCP when choosing to participate in various activities on the Website such as contacting us for further information, subscribing to newsletters or other mailing lists, or registering on the Website in order to become a member of our Community. 
  2. Cookies Information: When you utilize the Website, we may send one or more cookies - a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. OCP uses both session cookies and persistent cookies (persistent cookie remains after you close your browser). Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Website. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent; however, some features of the Website may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. 
  3. Log File Information: When you use the Website, our servers automatically record certain information that your web browser sends whenever you visit any website. These server logs may include information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser language, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of those pages, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. 
  4. Clear GIFs Information: When you use the Website, we may employ “clear GIFs” (a.k.a. Web Beacons) which are used to track the online usage patterns of our Users anonymously (i.e., in a non-personally-identifiable manner). In addition, we may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our Users to track which emails are opened by recipients. 

OCP May Use Information In The Following Ways: 
  1. If you submit personally identifiable information to us through the Website, then we may use your personal information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Website. 
  2. We do not use your email address or other personally identifiable information to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. We may, however, use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major changes to the Website or for customer service purposes). 
  3. We may use both your personally identifiable information and certain non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, cookies, IP addresses, browser type, clickstream data, etc.) to improve the quality and design of the Website and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing User preferences and trends. 
  4. We use cookies, clear gifs, and log file information to: (i) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Website; (ii) provide custom, personalized content and information; (iii) monitor the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; and (iv) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc. 

OCP Only Discloses Information When: 
  1. We provide personally identifiable information and non-personally-identifiable information to our subsidiaries, affiliated companies, or other businesses or persons for the purpose of processing such information on our behalf. We require that these parties agree to process such information in compliance with our Privacy Policy, and we use reasonable efforts to limit their use of such information and to use other appropriate confidentiality and security measures. 
  2. We do not share your personally identifiable information (such as name or email address) with other, third-party companies for their commercial or marketing use without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. 
  3. We do share non-personally-identifiable information (such as anonymous User usage data, referring / exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third-parties to assist them in understanding the usage patterns for certain content, services, advertisements, promotions, and/or functionality on the Website. 
  4. We may release personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information if required to do so by law, or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with state and federal laws (such as U.S. Copyright Law) or respond to a court order, subpoena, or search warrant. 
  5. OCP also reserves the right to disclose personally identifiable information and/or non-personally-identifiable information that OCP believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce our [Terms of Service](http://www.oneclickchicks.com/tos/), take precautions against liability, to investigate and defend itself against any third-party claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, to protect the security or integrity of the Website, and to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of OCP, our Users or others. 

User Options:  
Please contact OCP with any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice, your personal information, your consent, or your opt-in or opt-out choices by emailing us at privacy@oneclickpass.com. OCP’s Commitment To Security of Data:  
OCP uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. We cannot, however, ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to OCP and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission of information, OCP makes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the security of our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. 

If OCP learns of a security systems breach, then we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. OCP may post a notice on Website if a security breach occurs. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive a free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving electronic notice) you should notify us by emailing privacy@oneclickpass.com. 

A Note About Minors:  
OCP is committed to protecting the privacy of children. Only adults are authorized to use this Website. Authorized access and use of the Website is limited to persons over the Age of Majority, and such access and use is limited by our [Terms of Service](http://www.oneclickchicks.com/tos/). Our Website is not designed or intended to attract persons under the Age of Majority. OCP does not collect personally identifiable information from any person we actually know is under the Age of Majority. For purposes of this Privacy Notice, the term “Age of Majority” shall be defined as eighteen (18) years of age (or older depending upon the laws of your state, province or country). 

In the Event of Sale, Merger, Acquisition, or Bankruptcy:  
In the event that OCP is acquired by or merged with a third party entity, we reserve the right, in any of these circumstances, to transfer or assign the information we have collected from our Users as part of such merger, acquisition, sale, or other change of control. In the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors’ rights generally, we may not be able to control how your personal information is treated, transferred, or used. 

Alterations and Updates to this Privacy Notice:  
This Privacy Notice may be revised periodically and this will be reflected by the “effective date” below. Please revisit this page to stay aware of any changes. In general, we only use your personal information in the manner described in the Privacy Notice in effect when we received the personal information you provided. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement to this Privacy Notice and any future revisions. For revisions to this Privacy Notice that may be materially less restrictive on our use or disclosure of the personal information you have already provided to us, we will attempt to obtain your consent before implementing such revisions with respect to such information. 

Date Last Modified:  
This Privacy Notice was last modified March 12, 2012. 

Contact Information:  
Please contact OCP with any questions or comments about this Privacy Notice by emailing us at privacy@oneclickpass.com. 
