> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the onedate.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130523131926id_/http%3A//www.onedate.com/info/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Onedate

Back to menu Article 1. Protection of privacy and treatment of personal data

ONEDATE respectes the European, Spanish and Swiss laws in force regarding the protection of privacy and personal data processing. Some information, signs or content (photographs or personal information) that Members can enter, under their own responsibility, might reveal their racial and ethnic origin, religious or philosophical beliefs, political opinions, membership to political parties, trade unions, religious, philosophical, political, trade union associations or organizations as well as personal information such as their health conditions or sexual life. By entering such optional information at their own free will, the Member expresses consent to ONEDATE to process such "sensitive" data and takes the whole responsibility.   
Furthermore, all the collected personal information (including, by way of example and not limited to: e-mail address, telephone and mobile number, text ads, user's interests and how the user uses the Service), will be used both for internal communications, regarding the services offered by Onedate for commercial communications, and marketing communications by Onedate’s partner companies. 

Members can send an e-mail to: [help-tkd](http://www.help-tkd.com/en_GB/contact/index/pid/6) for matters concerning the privacy protection. The user must specify his/her nickname, password and e-mail address to access or request access to information about him/her to make changes, delete it or prohibit ONEDATE from using it in a certain way, following the directions given in article 1.5 ("Person in charge of the personal data processing of") During sign-up or at a subsequent moment at ONEDATE site, Members can request to receive and, later on, ask to not receive anymore the ONEDATE newsletter and/or promotional offers sent by ONEDATE and/or its partners free of charge by email and/or to their mobile phone. 

The personal information gathered by ONEDATE may include e-mail addresses, landline and/or mobile telephone numbers, information about one's physical aspect, photographs, personal ads, user's interests and how users enjoy the Service.   
Furthermore, some non-personal information can be collected, such as the browser version (Internet Explorer, Mozilla, etc.), operating system used by the user (Windows 98, Mac OS, etc) and the IP address of the computer used. ONEDATE can use cookies whose purpose is to save the Member's identification information while visiting ONEDATE, to prevent the Member from having to enter them manually for every page visited. Members can prevent the use of cookies any time they want by changing their Internet browser options.   
By sending or entering any personal information at ONEDATE site, the user accepts the methods and purposes of the processing and expresses his/her consent for their use according to the provisions of this article.   
ONEDATE gathers personal information sent voluntarily by its users at the ONEDATE web site and binds itself not to divulge the personal information in any way. 

During the sign-up procedure to join ONEDATE network, one's nicknames, e-mail addresses, sex, birthdate and telephone numbers are saved.   
If further personal information is saved in the profile, ONEDATE collects that information as well.   
If personal information is entered using one of the functions of ONEDATE network, that information is stored under the file ("published information").   
If the user contacts ONEDATE by e-mail, the e-mail address and the information contained in the message will be stored. 

After signing up for ONEDATE and accessing the services, the user is no longer anonymous. If someone visits the Website without signing up for ONEDATE, that user will be anonymous. If further information will be available in the personal Information section, it will be also collected using adequate technology. 

Members bear the exclusive responsibility regarding the contents, such as, pictures, profiles, messages published or broadcast at ONEDATE site. By publishing or broadcasting such content at ONEDATE site, members authorize ONEDATE expressly to reproduce, represent, adapt, translate, convert into digital format, extract completely or partially such content for any advertisement, marketing or any other purpose, to grant or authorize subcontracts, at ONEDATE site or any other partner channel of the site, on any support or by any broadcasting means, especially digital means (e-mail, SMS, Internet, CD-Rom or DVD-Rom) or audio-visual communication (press, radio, terrestrial, digital, cable or satellite television.) The Member expressly authorizes ONEDATE to change the above-mentioned content in order to render it compliant with the graphic aspect of ONEDATE site or other communication supports mentioned above and/or to make them compatible with the corresponding technical services or formats of the supports involved. The Member cannot copy, reproduce or use the content regarding other Members in any way, unless it is strictly related to Services use for personal and private purposes.   
Members and/or users are banned from publishing or broadcasting content that may violate third-party's intellectual property rights at the site or through ONEDATE's services by any means. 

Personal data is processed exclusively electronically and is handled using a computer-based authentication system. User's information is archived on protected databases and can be accessed only by those in charge of handling them and in case of necessity only.   
Personal information provided by the user during sign-up, which is not a part of his/her personal ads or of his/her presentation, is not accessible to third parties; nor will it be transmitted, sold or exchanged, except for the below mentioned cases only after having informed and received the user's consent or in case the user has not expressed any objection with its regards.   
During sign-up, the user expresses his/her consent to communicate his/her data to ONEDATE's partners for marketing or commerical purposes. In case the user doesn't want to receive any longer offers selected for him/her by ONEDATE or from its partners, he/she can terminate his/her subscription at any time, also at a future moment, in his/her personal profile under the section: my account/e-mail services.   
Sometimes ONEDATE can give general, social-demographic information to some of its partners anonymously to conduct statistical studies and/or promotional surveys (for age groups, sex, etc). In those cases, it is not sent any information that could be used to identify individual users.   
Contents published by members in their personal ads, search criteria and presentation are accessible at ONEDATE site and by e-mail (newsletter). Furthermore, this information can be broadcasted by ONEDATE or ONEDATE's partners through the newsletters, other web sites, any electronic means of communication (e-mail, SMS, etc), by audio-visual means (radio, television, etc.) or press (newspapers, magazines, etc). 

Please refer to the provisions of art. 5 "Intellectual property" for anything related to contents intellectual property rights. Members have the right to delete such content from the site at any time by terminating their contract with ONEDATE, according to the provisions of art. 5 of the terms and conditions: "Termination of contract and profile removal". Since it concerns information available in the announcement, in the research criteria and in the Member's presentation, the data will be definitively deleted only after the next update or after the next modification of the communication means (printed, audiovisual or digital) which include the Member's contents.   
Pursuant to applicable law on data protection in the European Economic Area (EEA), the data controller of the website is Onedate TEKKA DATE SA based in Trevano 7, 6900 Lugano, Switzerland (fax: +41 91 604 6487)   
The member expressly authorizes TEKKA DATE SA to transfer the information provided to Onedate and the above mentioned rights and benefits to Onedate's partners and successors. 

ONEDATE gathers information and data in different ways and at various occasions. Some personal information is gathered when you sign up to join ONEDATE, other information is gathered while you are using ONEDATE services or when you participate in any other program of it, which allows you to enjoy services in a customized way and participate in various initiatives raised by ONEDATE. This information allows us to adapt the service or the site to the Member's needs and sent them information, offers, promotional messages about the services and products that might be of his/her interest. The Member will receive this information if and only he/she has expressed interest therein. The Member can revoke his/her consent at any time, by changing his/her ONEDATE personal settings.   
Furthermore, ONEDATE processes Members' information for the following purposes, in order to offer its services and manage different ways of payment, including charging for goods or services purchased on line: for purposes arising from the obligations foreseen by Swiss and European Union laws, regulations and norms as well as directions given by competent Authorities (for example: investigations of the public prosecutor or law-enforcement agencies, accounting and fiscal logging, etc.); to comply with contractual obligations, technical support and information, after sales assistance. In order to bill/charge the due amounts, for the order fulfillment process and for any other need that involves other subjects (such as mailing of postal communications). 

The person in charge of Processing is TEKKA DATE SA company, the provider of ONEDATE service, headquartered in Via Trevano 7, 6900 Lugano, Switzerland (fax: +41 91 604 6487). The data and www.ONEDATE.com site are protected at the headquarters of the Person in charge of the data processing.   
The Member can contact at any time, by privacy e-mail [help-tkd](http://www.help-tkd.com/en_GB/contact/index/pid/6), the Person in charge of data Processing, in order to obtain a confirmation whether there exists personal data concerning him/her, even if he/she has not signed up to become a member yet and have them communicated in an intelligible way.   
Furthermore, the Member has the right to ask the Person in charge of Personal Data Processing to delete his/her personal data (by that, it is means to destroy such information without any possibility to restore it), transform it into anonymous form (changing the data into anonymous format) or to freeze the treatment of their personal data (conserving the data by temporarily suspending any kind of processing.)   
The Member has the right to object to the processing of any personal data concerning him/her, in whole or partly, on legitimate grounds, even if they are relevant to the purpose of the collection, or they can object to the processing of personal data concerning him/her to send advertisement, direct sales, conduct market research or commercial communication. 
