> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the onegreatfamily.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021208211818id_/http%3A//www.onegreatfamily.com/static-tpls/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Genealogy and Family History - OneGreatFamily.com Family Tree

   |  **Privacy Policy** This is the web site of OneGreatFamily. Our postal address is:  
743 West 1200 North Suite 100  
Springville, UT 84663 We can be reached through our contact form at [http://www.onegreatfamily.com/contact.z](https://web.archive.org/contact.z). For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name. We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site, used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes and customer service, and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences and record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart. Registered users may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by specifying this in your user profile at our site. You may receive mailings from other reputable companies. You can, however, have your name put on our do-not-share list by specifying this in your user profile at our site. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by specifying this in your user profile at our site. OneGreatFamily works with a third party that serves ads to this site. To find out more about how Engage Media manages the privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site, please go to <http://www.engage.com/privacy>. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them and a description of other information that we maintain about them. With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses.  |   
