> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the onegoodthingbyjillee.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190427012935id_/https%3A//www.onegoodthingbyjillee.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclosure & Privacy Policy · Jillee

## Disclosure Policy

Many of my posts contain affiliate links.  If you click on an affiliate link and buy something, I may receive a very small commission.  It does NOT result in additional charges to you or cost you anything extra. Mentions of associated products/services/businesses within the content of my blog may or may not be noted as an affiliate in every reference.  The affiliate money I earn per month helps pay the fees to keep this site up and running. Thanks so much for your support!

This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.

This blog abides by word of mouth marketing standards. We believe in honesty of relationship, opinion and identity. The compensation received may influence the advertising content, topics or posts made in this blog. That content, advertising space or post will be clearly identified as paid or sponsored content.

I am a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to [amazon.com](https://amazon.com/).

All advertising in the form of advertisements on my blog are generated by a third party ad network.  Those advertisements are paid advertisements.  This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

The owner(s) of this blog is sometimes compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the blog owners. If we claim or appear to be experts on a certain topic or product or service area, we will only endorse products or services that we believe, based on our expertise, are worthy of such endorsement. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer or provider.

This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

## Advertising Privacy Statement

This Site is affiliated with AdThrive, LLC (“AdThrive”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site.  AdThrive uses standard and widely-available tools for the placement and serving of ads, including those provided by Google, Inc. and its affiliates. We publish interest-based advertisements on the Site; that is, ads that are tailored to reflect your interests. To help understand your interests, AdThrive, Google and our other advertising partners will track your behavior on our website and on other websites across the Internet using cookies.

A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either “persistent” cookies or “session” cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed.  Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.

By using this Site, you consent to the use of such cookies and the sharing of data captured by such cookies with AdThrive, Google, and our other third party partners. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting: [https://adssettings.google.com](https://adssettings.google.com/). You can also opt out of the network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative’s multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: [http://optout.networkadvertising.org](http://optout.networkadvertising.org/). However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.

 **For European Economic Area Residents**

If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), then under the GDPR and applicable data protection laws you have the rights, among other things, to access your personal data, have us erase it, and/or restrict its further processing.  If you wish to access or delete your personal data (if any) maintained by us or AdThrive related to advertising on the Site, you can contact AdThrive at [info@adthrive.com](mailto:info@adthrive.com). If you wish to see a list of the advertising partners we work with or change which of those partners track your behavior using cookies, click the ad preferences icon. (Available in the EU.)

##  **Privacy Policy**

Your privacy is important to us. It is One Good Thing by Jillee, LLC’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, https://www.onegoodthingbyjillee.com, and other sites we own and operate. Use of the site indicates agreement with this privacy policy.

### Information we collect

#### Log data

When you visit our website, our servers may automatically log the standard data provided by your web browser. This data is considered “non-identifying information”, as it does not personally identify you on its own. It may include your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type and version, the pages you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on each page, and other details.

We may also collect data about the device you are using to access our website. This data may include the device type, operating system, unique device identifiers, device settings, and geo-location data. What we collect can depend on the individual settings of your device and software. We recommend checking the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider to learn what information they make available to us.

#### Personal information

We may ask for personal information, such as your:

  * Name
  * Email
  * Home/Mailing address
  * Payment information



This data is considered “identifying information”, as it can personally identify you. We only request personal information relevant to providing you with a service, and only use it to help provide or improve this service.

We may use your personally-identifying information for a variety of our internal business purposes, such as creating a better user experience for the Site, diagnosing and troubleshooting malfunctions on the Site, better understanding how the Site is used, and making personalized recommendations to you.

### How we collect information

We collect information by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. We also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used. You are free to refuse our request for this information, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services without it.

### Use of information

We may use a combination of identifying and non-identifying information to understand who our visitors are, how they use our services, and how we may improve their experience of our website in future. We do not disclose the specifics of this information publicly, but may share aggregated and anonymized versions of this information, for example, in website and customer usage trend reports.

We may use your personal details to contact you with updates about our website and services, along with promotional content that we believe may be of interest to you. If you wish to opt out of receiving promotional content, you can follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided alongside any promotional correspondence from us.

### Data processing and storage

The personal information we collect is stored and processed in the United States, or where we or our partners, affiliates and third-party providers maintain facilities. We only transfer data within jurisdictions subject to data protection laws that reflect our commitment to protecting the privacy of our users.

We only retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide a service, or to improve our services in future. While we retain this data, we will protect it within commercially acceptable means to prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. That said, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and cannot guarantee absolute data security.

If you request your personal information be deleted, or where your personal information becomes no longer relevant to our operations, we will erase it from our system within a reasonable timeframe.

### Cookies

We use “cookies” to collect information about you and your activity across our site. A cookie is a small piece of data that our website stores on your computer, and accesses each time you visit, so we can understand how you use our site. This helps us serve you content based on preferences you have specified. Please refer to our Cookie Policy for more information.

 **Do We Share Your Information With Others?**

Our customer information is an important part of our business. As a result, we will not disclose your information with third parties. Rather, we create and maintains relationships with third parties interested in reaching out to our followers and this third-party information is added in our newsletters. Any communication will be facilitated through One Good Thing by Jillee and not by a third party affiliate. Should a customer choose to purchase a product or service from a third party affiliate, that transaction is outside the scope or control of One Good Thing by Jillee and the company does not warrant any transactions between third-party affiliates and One Good Thing by Jillee customers. While One Good Thing by Jillee does not share your information with third-parties for marketing purposes, it reserves the right to share user-behavior data with third-parties as described above through the use of “cookies” and other tracking mechanisms.

### Third-party access to information

We use third-party services for:

  * Analytics tracking
  * User authentication
  * Advertising and promotion
  * Content marketing
  * Email marketing
  * Payment processing



These services may access our data solely for the purpose of performing specific tasks on our behalf. We do not share any personally identifying information with them without your explicit consent. We do not give them permission to disclose or use any of our data for any other purpose.

We may, from time to time, allow limited access to our data by external consultants and agencies for the purpose of analysis and service improvement. This access is only permitted for as long as necessary to perform a specific function. We only work with external agencies whose privacy policies align with ours.

We will refuse government and law enforcement requests for data if we believe a request is too broad or unrelated to its stated purpose. However, we may cooperate if we believe the requested information is necessary and appropriate to comply with legal process, to protect our own rights and property, to protect the safety of the public and any person, to prevent a crime, or to prevent what we reasonably believe to be illegal, legally actionable, or unethical activity.

We do not otherwise share or supply personal information to third parties. We do not sell or rent your personal information to marketers or third parties.

### Children’s Privacy

We are committed to protecting the privacy of children who use our services. We encourage parents to engage with us in protecting their children’s privacy, ensuring a safe and enjoyable online experience. Please refer to our Children’s Privacy Policy for more information.

### Limits of our policy

This privacy policy only covers One Good Thing by Jillee, LLC’s own collecting and handling of data. We only work with partners, affiliates and third-party providers whose privacy policies align with ours, however, we cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.

Our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. Please be aware that we have no control over the content and policies of those sites, and cannot accept responsibility or liability for their respective privacy practices.

### Changes to this policy

At our discretion, we may change our privacy policy to reflect current acceptable practices. We will take reasonable steps to let users know about changes via our website. If you are a registered user on https://www.onegoodthingbyjillee.com, we will notify you using the contact details saved in your account. Your continued use of this site after any changes to this policy will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around privacy and personal information.

### Your rights and responsibilities

As our user, you have the right to be informed about how your data is collected and used. You are entitled to know what data we collect about you, and how it is processed. You are entitled to correct and update any personal information about you, and to request this information be deleted. You may amend or remove your account information at any time, using the tools provided in your account control panel.

You are entitled to restrict or object to our use of your data, while retaining the right to use your personal information for your own purposes. You have the right to opt out of data about you being used in decisions based solely on automated processing.

Feel free to contact us if you have any concerns or questions about how we handle your data and personal information.

## Cookie Policy

We use cookies to help improve your experience of https://www.onegoodthingbyjillee.com. This cookie policy is part of One Good Thing by Jillee, LLC’s privacy policy, and covers the use of cookies between your device and our site. We also provide basic information on third-party services we may use, who may also use cookies as part of their service, though they are not covered by our policy.

If you don’t wish to accept cookies from us, you should instruct your browser to refuse cookies from https://www.onegoodthingbyjillee.com, with the understanding that we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired content and services.

### What is a cookie?

A cookie is a small piece of data that a website stores on your device when you visit, typically containing information about the website itself, a unique identifier that allows the site to recognise your web browser when you return, additional data that serves the purpose of the cookie, and the lifespan of the cookie itself.

Cookies are used to enable certain features (eg. logging in), to track site usage (eg. analytics), to store your user settings (eg. timezone, notification preferences), and to personalize your content (eg. advertising, language).

Cookies set by the website you are visiting are normally referred to as “first-party cookies”, and typically only track your activity on that particular site. Cookies set by other sites and companies (ie. third parties) are called “third-party cookies”, and can be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service.

### Types of cookies and how we use them

#### Essential cookies

Essential cookies are crucial to your experience of a website, enabling core features like user logins, account management, shopping carts and payment processing. We use essential cookies to enable certain functions on our website.

#### Performance cookies

Performance cookies are used in the tracking of how you use a website during your visit, without collecting personal information about you. Typically, this information is anonymous and aggregated with information tracked across all site users, to help companies understand visitor usage patterns, identify and diagnose problems or errors their users may encounter, and make better strategic decisions in improving their audience’s overall website experience. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party services. We use performance cookies on our site.

#### Functionality cookies

Functionality cookies are used in collecting information about your device and any settings you may configure on the website you’re visiting (like language and timezone settings). With this information, websites can provide you with customized, enhanced or optimized content and services. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party service. We use functionality cookies for selected features on our site.

#### Targeting/advertising cookies

Targeting/advertising cookies are used in determining what promotional content is more relevant and appropriate to you and your interests. Websites may use them to deliver targeted advertising or to limit the number of times you see an advertisement. This helps companies improve the effectiveness of their campaigns and the quality of content presented to you. These cookies may be set by the website you’re visiting (first-party) or by third-party services. Targeting/advertising cookies set by third-parties may be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service. We use targeting/advertising cookies on our site.

### Third-party cookies on our site

We may employ third-party companies and individuals on our websites—for example, analytics providers and content partners. We grant these third parties access to selected information to perform specific tasks on our behalf. They may also set third-party cookies in order to deliver the services they are providing. Third-party cookies can be used to track you on other websites that use the same third-party service. As we have no control over third-party cookies, they are not covered by One Good Thing by Jillee, LLC’s cookie policy.

#### Our third-party privacy promise

We review the privacy policies of all our third-party providers before enlisting their services to ensure their practices align with ours. We will never knowingly include third-party services that compromise or violate the privacy of our users.

### How you can control or opt out of cookies

If you do not wish to accept cookies from us, you can instruct your browser to refuse cookies from our website. Most browsers are configured to accept cookies by default, but you can update these settings to either refuse cookies altogether, or to notify you when a website is trying to set or update a cookie.

If you browse websites from multiple devices, you may need to update your settings on each individual device.

Although some cookies can be blocked with little impact on your experience of a website, blocking all cookies may mean you are unable to access certain features and content across the sites you visit.

## Children’s Privacy Policy

We are committed to protecting the privacy of children who use https://www.onegoodthingbyjillee.com and its services. This children’s privacy policy is part of our approach to privacy, and covers the way we collect, store and manage information provided by children under the age of 13, in accordance with the US Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA).

We encourage parents to engage with us in protecting their children’s privacy, ensuring a safe and enjoyable online experience.

### Collecting information from children

At times, we may require information from children to enable participation in certain activities, for example, registering an account, customizing a profile, or receiving notifications. When collecting non-personal information, we encourage children never to provide any details that may personally identify them or reveal their location. We do not require children to provide more information than is necessary to participate in an activity.

We do not use children’s contact details for marketing purposes, though we may use them for our internal marketing and research in order to improve the quality of products and services offered across our site.

### Parental consent

In accordance with COPPA, if an activity does require any personal information (such as first name, last name, or email address), we will provide notice to and seek consent from a parent or guardian prior to collecting the information. We only retain collected information for as long as necessary to enable participation in the requested activity.

In the event we discover we have collected personal information in a manner non-compliant with COPPA, we will either delete the information or seek parental consent.

As a parent/guardian, if you believe your child is participating in an activity that collects personal information, and you have not received a notification or request for consent, please feel free to get in touch via our contact page [https://www.onegoodthingbyjillee.com](https://www.onegoodthingbyjillee.com/). We do not use parent contact details for marketing purposes unless marketing materials are explicitly requested.

### Safeguarding children’s privacy

We take security seriously, and do what we can within commercially acceptable means to protect your child’s personal information from loss or theft, as well as unauthorised access, disclosure, copying, use or modification. That said, we advise that no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, and cannot guarantee absolute data security.

### Information abuse and community misconduct

We do not tolerate doxing (publishing of private or personal information about an individual without their consent), cyberbullying, or other forms of information abuse on [https://www.onegoodthingbyjillee.com](https://www.onegoodthingbyjillee.com/).

If we discover that a child’s personal information has been disclosed on our site without the express consent of their parent/guardian, we will remove the content in question as quickly as possible and effect disciplinary measures (a warning, suspension or ban) on the offending account.

### Third-party access to information

We do not knowingly disclose any personally identifying information or personal information provided by children to third parties. We may, however, disclose anonymised and aggregated versions of this information (analytics and statistics) for business, marketing or public relations purposes.

### Parental controls and intervention

As a parent/guardian, you may at any time refuse to let us collect further information from your children for a particular activity or account. If you have given us consent previously, you may log in to your child’s account to review, edit or delete the information, or contact us via to request the removal of the information from our records.

Please be aware that the removal of certain information may result in the termination of the associated account, or withdrawal from the associated activity.

 **Testimonials and Feedback.** We sincerely appreciate the feedback we receive from our users. Your feedback, both positive and negative, is reviewed so we can continue to monitor and improve the information we provide. We may also share testimonials in our marketing literature but will do so without including personally identifiable information unless we have expressly received your permission to do so. If you would like your testimonial removed, please [contact us](https://www.onegoodthingbyjillee.com/contact/).

 **Newsletters.** We offer valuable content through email newsletters for both buyers and suppliers. If you no longer wish to receive any newsletter, we encourage you to opt out of these communications by clicking “unsubscribe” on any of the Newsletter emails.

 **Other communications.** We may send you email and other communications related to this site, your use of our site and the status of your account, which may include site updates and responses to your inquiries. In addition, we may send periodic surveys and other communications, all of which you can opt out of receiving by changing your notification preferences as described below.

 **Third Party Offers.** We also may use your information to send you e-mails or newsletters on behalf of third parties. Each of these communications will include instructions for opting out of receiving future third party offers from us.

 **Google.  **Google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by Google’s Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en

Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.

Opting out:

Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.

 **Fair Information Practices**

The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.

 **In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:**

  * Within 7 business days



We will notify the users via in-site notification

  * Within 7 business days



We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.

 **To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following:**

  * NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
  * Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
  * Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
  * Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
  * Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
  * Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.



 **Email Address Use**

We will use your email address for the purposes for which you provided it to us, and also from time to time to send you emails regarding the Site or other products or services that we believe may be of interest to you.  You may opt out of such email communications at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” button in the email.

 **If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails,** you can follow the instructions at the bottom of each email to unsubscribe, or email us [here](https://www.onegoodthingbyjillee.com/contact/) and we will promptly remove you from **ALL** correspondence.

We will not share your email address with any third parties.

If you are a resident of a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), please refer to the section below entitled “Additional Rights of EEA Residents

 **Registration or Account Data**

We may collect other information from you when you register with our Site in order to use various features.  Such information could include your name, birthday, postal code, screen name, and password (if applicable). As you use the Site, we could collect other data that you provide voluntarily (such as comments that you post). You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personal information from a comment section, please [contact us](https://www.onegoodthingbyjillee.com/contact/). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

We may also collect information about you through other methods, including research surveys, social media platforms, verification services, data services, as well as public sources.

If you are a resident of a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), please refer to the section below entitled “Additional Rights of EEA Residents.

 **Transactional Data**

We may process information relating to transactions, including purchases of goods and services, that you enter into with us and/or through our Site (“ **Transactional Data** “). The Transactional Data may include your contact details, your card details and the transaction details. The transaction data may be processed for the purpose of supplying the purchased goods and services and keeping proper records of those transactions.  [Payment processing on our Site is handled by our payment services providers,  _Shopify and Stripe_. We will share transaction data with our payment services providers only to the extent necessary for the purposes of processing your payments, refunding such payments and dealing with complaints and queries relating to such payments and refunds. You can find information about the payment services providers’ privacy policies and practices at  _[shopify.com](https://shopify.com/), [stripe.com](https://stripe.com/)_

 **Legal Requests**

One Good Thing by Jillee is interested in protecting its members and the community at large. We will release account and other personal information to legal authorities when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the law, rules or regulations or to protect persons or property. In addition, One Good Thing by Jillee may choose to release information about you to relevant parties in relation to investigations of fraud, piracy or other unlawful activity.

 **Information Security**

Any personally identifiable information you share with us is stored on servers that are protected against unauthorized access through the use of safeguards such as “firewalls,” encryption and/or Secure Socket Layers. We utilize many security techniques to protect your personal information. However, it is impossible to guarantee a perfect security system.

 **Data Retention.**

We will retain your information to continue sending you newsletters to offer you products and services. Please contact us if you wish to cancel or request that we no longer use your information this way. We will also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

 **Legal Disclaimer**

Although we have attempted to address the various privacy-related issues you are likely to encounter, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this privacy policy. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private from unauthorized access.

Also, One Good Thing by Jillee contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies to information collected byOne Good Thing by Jillee alone.

 **Additional Rights of EEA (European Economic Area) Residents**

If you are a resident of a country in the EEA, you have the rights, among others, to:

(i)  access your personal data

(ii)  ensure the accuracy of your personal data

(iii) the right to have us delete your personal data

(iv)  the right to restrict further processing of your personal data, and

(v)  the right to complain to a supervisory authority in your country of residence in the event that data is misused

If you believe that our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have a legal right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority responsible for data protection. You may do so in the EU member state of your residence, your place of work or the place of the alleged infringement.

 **Notification of Change**

We may amend this privacy policy for minor changes at any time by posting the amended terms on the Site. All minor amended terms shall be effective upon posting. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by email or by posting a prominent notice for 30 days prior to the change taking effect.

 **Contacting Us**

If you have any additional questions or comments about One Good Thing by Jillee’s privacy statement, please [contact us](https://www.onegoodthingbyjillee.com/contact/).

Or send us a letter at:

One Good Thing by Jillee

629 E 500 N, Heber City, UT, 84032, United States

This policy is effective as of 21 May 2018.
