> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the onepagecrm.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121231011303id_/http%3A//www.onepagecrm.com/gtd-sales-app-privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - OnePageCRM

This Privacy Policy relates to our privacy practices in connection with onepagecrm.com (the “Site”).

Privacy Promise: We will not collect any personal information about you on the Site without your permission. We respect your right to privacy and commit to protecting the personal information we collect from you through the following privacy principles:

  1. You maintain ownership rights to your personally identifiable information, even if OnePageCRM.com changes ownership.
  2. You may access, modify or request the removal of your personal information at any time.
  3. We will communicate our updated policies to our users and the public by posting a notice on the Site.



Collection and Use of Data: When you visit the Site, information such as the site that referred you here and your IP address may be automatically collected as part of the operation of the Site. We may use this information to generate user profiles and to personalise the Site to your particular interests.

No Sensitive Data: We do not require or collect any data that falls within the definition of “Sensitive Data” under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2003, Ireland, unless such information is volunteered entirely of your own volition.

Cookies: The Site may from time to time use cookies. “Cookie” technology is customarily used to gather statistical information and to analyse trends of use or access to a website. A cookie is a small text file stored by the browser on your computer at the request of our web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies may be used to save your personal preferences so you do not have to re-enter them each time you access the Site. Our cookies will record the number of user sessions on this website and track the number of users who return to this website. While most browsers automatically accept cookies, you are free to accept or reject our cookies or to ask your browser to indicate when a cookie is being sent, provided your browser permits. If you choose to decline our cookies or ask for notification each time a cookie is being sent, this may affect your ease of use of the Site. The information generated by using cookie technology does not, and cannot be used to, identify or contact you.

Access to your Information: You may request a copy of the personal information that we have collected from you at any time. Any such request should be made in writing to the [e-mail] address set out below and may be subject to a nominal charge.

Corrections or Erasure: You may request to have your personal information corrected, if inaccurate, or erased from the Site if there is no legitimate reason for the retention of this information. Again, any such request should be made in writing to the [e-mail] address set out below.

Disclosure: We do not use or share any personal information or contact information (e.g., names of people, companies, addresses, etc.) that you enter into the system. It is your data and when you delete or terminate your account, we do not share or retain such data unless required by law or court order.

Security of Your Information: We take our security responsibilities seriously, employing the most appropriate physical and technical measures and require our hosting partner to exercise the same standard of care. Notwithstanding our commitment to protect your information, the internet by its very nature is such that no data transmitted over the internet can be guaranteed as entirely secure. OnePageCRM, its employees, agents and affiliates, make no representations or warranties as to the security of any information transmitted to or by us over the internet.

Third Party Material: OnePageCRM, its employees, agents and affiliates, accept no liability howsoever arising for the content or reliability of any third party materials or websites referenced by hyperlink or other means on the Site or for the data collection and use practices or security measures exercised by such third parties.

Changes to this Policy: Any changes made to this Privacy Policy from time to time will be published at the Site. In the event any change to this Privacy Policy results in your personal information being used in a way which is significantly different from that disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you to determine whether or not we may use your personal information in this new way.

Contact Us: Should you have any queries or complaints relating to this Privacy Policy, please contact us at:

OnePageCRM.com  
Unit 109, Business Innovation Centre

Upper Newcastle, Galway, Ireland.

email: [contactoffice@onepagecrm.com](mailto:contactoffice@onepagecrm.com)  
[www.onepagecrm.com](http://www.onepagecrm.com/)
