> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the onethirtybpm.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140429022759id_/http%3A//onethirtybpm.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | BPM

Last updated: January 2012

WELCOME TO BEATS PER MINUTE. ONE THIRTY BPM LLC. (“Beats Per Minute”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights of all users of and visitors to the “Beats Per Minute Websites”, namely, beatsperminute.com, beatsperminute.tv, and the other directly associated Beats Per Minute domains (individually or collectively referred to herein and in the Terms of Use as either the “Website” or the “Websites”). We have established, updated and implemented this Privacy Policy to assist our Users to enjoy the features of the Website with the necessary amount of notice, information, and guidance to understand and appreciate how the use of these features and services made available through the Website impact your privacy rights and the rights of our advertisers, partners, sponsors, music labels, distributors, artists, bands, writers and contributors to our Websites. “Beats Per Minute”, “we”, “us” and “our” means One Thirty BPM LLC.

By visiting this and any other related Website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not provide any information or use any of the services or products offered or provided on this Website.

This Privacy Policy changes from time to time and changes are effective upon posting. Please check back frequently for updates as it is your sole responsibility to be aware of changes. We do not provide notices of changes in any manner other than by posting the changes at this Website.

This policy describes the information collection, use and dissemination practices of One Thirty BPM LLC and applies to Beats Per Minute’s collection, use, storage and disclosure of information by Beats Per Minute on its Website located at the URL beatsperminute.com; URL beatsperminute.tv, and any other websites or URLs which redirect users to our Websites. Beats Per Minute is not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices of third party websites or applications. Beats Per Minute suggests that you read the privacy statements of each linked website to understand what, if any, personally identifiable information may be collected by those linked websites. Certain linked websites operate on different business models and practices and may use your Personal Identifiable Information (“PII”) in a manner wholly different from Beats Per Minute, and it is up to you to understand the privacy practices of any third-party websites to which you choose to link to or visit through this Website.

Because of its importance and to make it easier for you to find and review it, we have made this Privacy Policy into a separate document on the Website. However, the Privacy Policy is a part of our agreement with you. The other part of that agreement is found in our Terms of Use which describe how and when we may make changes to these statements and terms and how they become binding upon you. By using this Website, you are signifying your agreement to this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Use.

**CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS’ PRIVACY USE**  
Residents of California have a right to request a detailed list of any third-party entities with which Beats Per Minute shares personal information for their own marketing purposes. In response to such a request by a consumer, Beats Per Minute must either (1) provide a list detailing the categories of information shared and the entities to which such information was provided or (2) provide a mechanism by which a consumer may opt-out of having their information shared with third parties. One Thirty BPM has elected the second option and you may request that your personal identifying information not be shared with third parties by sending your request including your full name, e-mail address and postal address to: One Thirty BPM LLC / P.O. Box 20308 / New York, NY 10023-9991 / ATTN: Privacy Officer. California resident users are entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with the California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, Suite 1080, Sacramento, CA 95814 or by phone at 916-445-1254 or 800-952-5210 or by e-mail to dca@dca.ca.gov.

**GENERAL**  
One Thirty BPM LLC is the sole owner of the Website, and is the owner, licensee or authorized party with respect to the “Material” (as defined in the Terms of Use), content, and all information collected and presented on the Website. Beats Per Minute may occasionally collect personally identifiable information (“PII”) from its Website users who voluntarily provide such information to a) respond to surveys on the Website prepared and sponsored by Beats Per Minute b) register for special programs, sweepstakes and contests; and c) through other information exchange methods, including email. Other information collection practices will continually be monitored, assessed, and updated in light of new technologies, business practices, and for purposes of implementing better and best practices for compliance and business purposes. Now, and in the future, you may be asked to participate in certain enhanced services through the Website. To participate in these services, we may ask you to provide a higher level of PII. Any PII we receive generally and for any special or enhanced service will be stored and managed by Beats Per Minute, and Beats Per Minute does not currently sell or rent this information. We take your privacy seriously. However, to provide our users with better services, we may use the information we collect to share with our business partners for us to provide products or services that may enhance your experience on the Website. 

Beats Per Minute may disclose personally identifiable information in response to legal process (e.g., in response to a court order or a subpoena). Beats Per Minute may disclose such information in response to a law enforcement agency’s request or where Beats Per Minute believes it is necessary to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law. Beats Per Minute may also transfer information about you if it is dissolved and its assets are sold or donated.

This Website is operated in the United States of America. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide will be transferred to the United States. By using this Website you consent to this transfer.

Third parties who provide hosting services or other day-to-day services that make possible the operation of this Website may have access to information that you provide to the extent they require access to our databases to service the Website.

**INFORMATION COLLECTED**  
Beats Per Minute does not currently collect or sell to third parties personally identifying information (“PII”) from Website users. E-mails received by Beats Per Minute from Website users are stored for a period of time and then deleted. Refer to the Terms of Use and the Website for Beats Per Minute’s policy regarding the publishing of Website user e-mails.

Beats Per Minute may sponsor contests and promotions on the Website. When you enter a contest or other promotion conducted on this Website, we may ask for your name, postal address, e-mail address and other PII so we can administer the contest/promotion and notify winners. Beats Per Minute may share this information with third parties serving as Beats Per Minute’s partners in such contests or promotions.

**COOKIES**  
Similar to other commercial websites, Beats Per Minute uses cookies or web beacon technology to collect non-personally-identifiable information about how the Website is used. A “cookie” is a small data file that a website owner may write into your hard drive for record keeping purposes when you visit that site again but does not contain any PII. Cookies allow that site to measure activity on the site and enhance your experience by saving you from having to log in or provide information each time you re-visit the site and by customizing content based on your interests. Cookies do have positive attributes such as remembering what information you accessed on a web page to speed up your transactions on related web pages. Especially for video content and other similar data, you may be required to enable cookies from Beats Per Minute in order to utilize the Website. Our advertisers may also use cookies to ascertain how many times you have seen an advertisement. Our advertisers and we may use this information to better personalize the content, banners, and promotions that you see on the Website. Such third party use of cookies is subject to that party’s own privacy policies which may differ from ours. You can choose whether to accept cookies by changing the settings of your browser. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. If you choose not to accept these cookies, your experience at the Website and other websites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended. You should consult with your browser’s provider/manufacturer if you have any questions regarding disabling cookies.

A “web beacon” is a programming code that can be used to display an image on a web page (by using an programming function), but can also be used to transfer an individual’s unique user identification (often in the form of a cookie) to a database and associate the individual with previously acquired information about an individual in a database. This would allow a website owner to track certain websites an individual visits online. Beats Per Minute uses cookies and web beacon technology for non personally-identifiable information (including IP addresses) to analyze trends, administer the Website, track user movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate, non-personally identifying uses and analytics.

Advertising agencies, advertising networks and other companies (collectively, “Advertisers”) who place advertisements on the Website and on the Internet generally may use their own cookies, web beacons and other technology to collect information about users. Beats Per Minute does not control Advertisers’ use of such technology and Beats Per Minute has no responsibility for the use of such technology to gather information about individuals. When linking to an advertiser or other third-party site, please review the  
Privacy Policy or other Terms of Use of such sites.

**SUBSCRIBERS**  
Beats Per Minute may, from time to time, publish a newsletter or other periodical document. In order to receive a copy of this document, Beats Per Minute will ask you for certain PII including, without limitation, your name, postal and e-mail addresses, and possibly other demographic, and even personal financial information. In order to discontinue receipt of the newsletter, periodical, or such other document, simply unsubscribe through the manner prescribed in the last such document you received. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, Beats Per Minute reserves the right to provide this PII to third parties, and to use this information for internal purposes to measure the readership of any given newsletter or periodical.

**CHILDREN AND PRIVACY**  
Our site and services are directed to the general public. From time to time, content on the Website may be of interest to teenagers. Beats Per Minute, however, does not intentionally or knowingly gather information from children 13 years of age or younger. No information should be submitted to or posted on the Website by users under the age of 13 years without consent of their parent or adult legal guardian. In the event Beats Per Minute collects information from a person between the ages of 14 and 17, that information will be subject to use as allowed by this Privacy Policy provided that the teenager, his/her parent or his/her adult legal guardian may stop that use upon request. In the event Beats Per Minute becomes aware that a person 13 years of age or younger is providing Beats Per Minute with PII, Beats Per Minute will request parental permission or Beats Per Minute will delete the PII from its database. Beats Per Minute relies on users to be truthful in responding to questions about age.

**MESSAGE BOARD AND CHAT ROOMS**  
Beats Per Minute is not responsible for personally identifiable information you choose to submit on any of our message boards, chat rooms or user comment sections on the Website, and any information you provide is voluntary.

**SECURITY**  
Beats Per Minute and its data management team have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security and correctly use the information Beats Per Minute collects and distributes on-line. Nevertheless, despite our reasonable precautions, unauthorized access, hardware or software failure, and other technical and human factors may compromise the security of your information at any time. We cannot assure you that the PII that Beats Per Minute may collect in the future will never be disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this Privacy Policy.

**CONTACT**  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, contact us by U.S. mail at One Thirty BPM LLC / P.O. Box 20308 / New York, NY 10023-9991 / ATTN: Privacy Officer.
