> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the adult.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090619103447id_/http%3A//premium.adult.com/legal/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Adult.com - Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) applies to the ICS Entertainment, Inc. (“ICS” or “we”) family of websites (the “Sites”). These include Adult.com, AdultRealityPass.com; SlutSeeker.com; LimoPatrol.com; LatinaCaliente.com; EatMyBlackMeat.com; CheerleaderAuditions.com; HardcorePartying.com; GirlsHuntingGirls.com; EuroBrideTryouts.com; NudeBeachHouse.com; 2Chicks1Dick.com; TeenHitchhikers.com; MilfCruiser.com; and BigSausagePizza.com; and any other sites at which this Policy appears. It does not apply to other online or offline ICS websites, products or services.

This Policy explains what information we collect about you and what we do with it. We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time, and we will post any new policy here. You should return to this Policy often to see if it has changed. By using or navigating any of the Sites, you acknowledge that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by this Policy or any modified Policy as posted. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use or visit any of our Sites.

### What information do we collect?

We collect personal information that you provide to us such as your name, e-mail address, street address and telephone number. We also collect credit card information from you. We generally collect this personal information on our registration and order forms when you sign up to receive products or services from any of our Sites. We may also collect information from our online surveys such as age, gender and income level. Finally, we collect IP addresses and anonymous demographic information.

### What do we do with the information we collect?

We use personal information and other demographic or profile information you provide to us to fulfill your orders or requests; to provide you with information about ICS and some of our partners; and to contact you when necessary.

We use IP addresses and anonymous demographic information to tailor your experiences at our Sites by showing content in which we think you will be interested and displaying content according to your preferences. Anonymous demographic information is shared with advertisers and market researchers on an aggregate basis.

We use information collected to evaluate and improve our services. We may develop and use, in our sole discretion, consumer research, which may be based on your use of our services.

Personal information collected on the Sites is stored and processed in the United States and by using any of the Sites, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.

### Do we share the information we collect with third parties?

In some cases, we will share information we collect (including personal information or anonymous demographic information) with third party companies who may offer products or services in which we believe you may be interested. We also share this information with third parties with whom we partner to co-promote and administer sweepstakes and contests on our Sites. You may elect not to receive promotional e-mails from us or other companies we select by choosing one of the unsubscribe options described below.

We may also share information we collect with third party service providers to manage certain aspects of the services we provide, such as maintaining our servers and processing or fulfilling orders for products and services you purchase through the Sites.

We may also disclose your information in special cases if required to do so by law, court order or other governmental authority or when we believe in good faith that disclosing this information is otherwise necessary or advisable, including, for instance, to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with the rights or property of ICS, another user or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.

### Is the information submitted in public forums confidential?

No. The Sites may offer chat rooms, forums, message boards and/or news groups to our users. Please remember that any information disclosed in these areas becomes public information. Accordingly, you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information and you do so at your own risk.

### Do we use cookies?

Yes. Cookies are pieces of information generated by web servers and stored in your computer for future access. The Sites use cookie technology to enhance your online experience by making it easier for you to navigate through our Sites or make a feature work better. Generally, cookies can be disabled. However, you must accept cookies in order to navigate the Sites, register for our membership Sites and order products from our online stores.

### Do we use web beacons?

Yes. Some of our Sites may contain electronic images known as “web beacons” or single-pixel gifs that allow us to count visitors to our Sites and deliver co-branded services. Web beacons collect limited information including cookie number, time and date of a page view and a description of the page on which the web beacon resides.

### Is the Sites Site secure?

We are committed to maintaining the security of your information and have measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All credit transactions occur in a secure area of the Site using Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) software to process orders. SSL encrypts the information you input on the Sites. In addition, all information is stored in a secure location behind a firewall with limited administrative access.

### Does this Policy apply to linked sites other than the Sites?

No. The Sites contain links to other Internet sites, resources and sources of ICS. By clicking on an ad banner or other link, you will be redirected off the Sites and to third party websites. ICS is not responsible for the privacy policies of such sites. You should make sure that you read and understand the privacy policies of these sites and direct any concerns regarding external links to the site administrator or webmaster of that third party website.

### How do I unsubscribe?

All e-mails you receive from us will include specific instructions on how to unsubscribe and you may unsubscribe at any time. Additionally, you may use any of the following options for removing your information from our database:

  1. Send an email to [realityadmin@spicetv.com](mailto:realityadmin@spicetv.com) (please indicate the Site(s) from which you would like to be unsubscribed);
  2. Select the opt-out link at the bottom of any ICS email and follow the instructions provided;
  3. Send a letter to the following address: 

Customer Service – Adult.com  
ICS Entertainment, Inc.  
680 North Lake Shore Drive  
Chicago, IL 60611 




Please note, however, you cannot opt out of receiving emails from us regarding your account and/or the status of an order.

### Can I update/correct my information?

Yes. You may correct or update your personal information by sending us an email at [realityadmin@spicetv.com](mailto:realityadmin@spicetv.com).

### YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

California residents who have an established business relationship with ICS may choose to opt out of ICS disclosing personal information about them to third parties for marketing purposes.

From time to time, we may share your personal information with carefully screened companies that offer products or services that we believe you may enjoy. If you do not want us to share your personal information with such third parties, please send us your name, address, email address and phone number to [calprivacy@spicetv.com](mailto:calprivacy@spicetv.com).

Your opt out request will be processed within 30 days of the date it was received.
