> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the adultkurt.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150517031549id_/http%3A//www.noprescriptioncontacts.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | No Prescription Contacts | Contact Lenses | NoPrescriptionContacts.com

Thank you for visiting epik.com 's Internet web site ("Site"). epik.com is a free site for all visitors, including consumers and businesses. This Privacy Policy details certain policies implemented throughout epik.com governing epik.com 's use of personally identifiable information about members of our Site and members of software and/or services (collectively, the "Services"). A "Member" is any member of any epik.com Service. 

  


## **PRIVACY POLICY UPDATES:** ********

Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, epik.com may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, epik.com will post its updated Privacy Policy on our Site and date the updated document, so you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information. If any modification is unacceptable to you, you shall cease using this Site and the Services. If you do not cease using this Site and the Services, you will be conclusively deemed to have accepted the change. 

  


## **INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE:** ********

All information entered into epik.com by a Member is private to the Member except to the extent that he or she opts to share that information with other epik.com members and/or the public, through epik.com or otherwise. It is epik.com 's policy to respect the privacy of Members. Therefore, epik.com will not sell or disclose to any third party a Member's name, email address, physical address, phone number, or any other contact information. epik.com will also not monitor, edit, or disclose the contents of a Member's information unless required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: 

(i) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on epik.com ;   
(ii) protect and defend the rights or property of epik.com ;  
(iii) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of epik.com members or the public;   
(iv) fix or debug problems with the epik.com software/service. 

  


## **CHILDREN'S POLICY:** ********

epik.com recognizes the privacy interests of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. This Site is not intended for children under the age of 13. epik.com does not target its Services or this Site to children under 13. epik.com does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. 

  


## **COOKIES:** ********

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how members use the site and to improve overall Site experience. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.   
If you are concerned about the use of cookies on this or any site, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored on your computer. Most Internet Browsers have this capability, as do numerous utilities. Please refer to your browser instructions or a help screen to learn more about these functions and how to use them. Please be advised that certain sections or functionalities of the Site may be inaccessible to you if your browser does not accept cookies. 

  


## **AGGREGATE INFORMATION:** ********

As stated about, the Site may track your IP addresses and the epik.com partner websites that you visit, and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information. We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends, administer the Site, track members movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. 

  


## **DISCLOSURE:** ********

We will not disclose any of your personally identifiable information that you do not elect to make publicly available. Additionally, we will disclose your personally identifiable information if we reasonably believe we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority. We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any company or organization except we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which epik.com participates or to a purchaser of all or substantially all of epik.com 's assets to which this Site relates.   
The only way personally-identifiable information could be disclosed is if it's done by the message author, in the body of his or her own personally-authored message. The message author is given the opportunity to preview what is being posted, to see exactly what was typed by the message author, and confirm that it's correct, prior to the message going live on the  site. Even after the message is live, however the message author can edit and / or delete his or her own personally authored message at any time using the tools provided by the site, in an automatic fashion. The message author can chose to post their own message, edit their own message, delete their own message, at any time.   
Personally Identifiable Information and/or Third Party Personally Identifiable Information is subject to disclosure to the appropriate authorities pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders. This means that consumer and business messages posted will be disclosed to the appropriate authorities pursuant to judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, or orders.   
1.  Message author (complaint posters, business replies, comment writers, etc.) email addresses are not displayed by   epik.com , including any other personally-identifying information.   
2\. epik.com 's message system allows people to contact each other on the site (if that option is chosen to be OK with the message author) without revealing e-mail addresses.                    
3\. epik.com does not censor posted consumer messages, or business replies, or investigate any complaints or comments for accuracy. 

  


## **LINKS TO THIRD PART SITES:** ********

The Site may provide links to other Web sites or resources over which epik.com does not have control ("External Web Sites"). Such links do not constitute an endorsement by epik.com of those External Web Sites. You acknowledge that epik.com is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that epik.com is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites. Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites. 

  


## **SECURITY:** ********

epik.com employs procedural and technological security measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. epik.com uses encryption, password protection, and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information. 

  


## **CONTACT:** ********

This privacy statement applies to the  site and service. Questions or concerns regarding this statement should be directed to [info@epik.com](mailto:info@epik.com "Send an email") .

Sagacity Corporation is the name of the company which owns and operates the Web site and service, (""). 

Epik, LLC  
noprescriptioncontacts.com  
PO Box 52686  
Bellevue, WA 98015  
Email: info@epik.com

Effective Date: 6/14/2009  
Posting Date: 6/14/2009

  
Please do not FAX consumer complaint letters to epik.com.

  


### **CORRECTION/UPDATING PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION:** ********

epik.com provides you with the ability to review, correct and delete any of the personally identifiable information that you have provided to us. If you wish to review or correct any information you have provided to us, you may submit a request to us as the contact information below or access your account online. If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us at [info@epik.com](mailto:info@epik.com "Send an email") .   
This Privacy Policy was last updated: June 10, 2009  
This Privacy Policy is effective as of: June 10, 2009 
