> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the anokhimedia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040606052715id_/http%3A//www.korax.net/info/privacy.phtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Korax Web Services

Korax makes all reasonable efforts to safeguard customer information, and does not disseminate customer information without consent to any third party under any circumstances. Korax does not sell or distribute customer or user E-mail address lists to marketers, "spammers", or any other individual or organization. All information can be completely removed on request when the customer closes an account or when a user stops utilizing a free service. 

## Customer information

Korax collects contact information from all web hosting and server co-location customers for the purpose of identity verification and billing. Information collected at time of signup that identifies an individual includes contact person name and e-mail address. If the account is opened on behalf of an individual and not a company, personally identifying information also includes street address and phone number. This information is stored securely and separately from all other information, and is viewable and editable by the customer through a secure web form that is protected by a unique user name login and password combination that the customer must have in order to gain access to the information. This information is strictly for Korax' internal use to maintain customer services, and is never viewable or useable by any outside party. 

The customer can add additional contact persons once an account is opened for the purpose of assigning loosely defined roles within an organization, such as "Billing contact" and "Technical contact". The only information required by Korax when a customer adds a new contact person that may identify that person as an individual is the person's name and a working e-mail address; however, the customer can optionally add up to three separate phone numbers and a fax number. Contact persons can be completely removed from the system by the customer at any time. For purposes of identifying who has legal ownership of an account at Korax, at least one contact person with all roles defined and a working e-mail address must exist for an account. 

If a customer enters a credit card when signing up, the credit card will be stored securely so that future charges can be applied should the customer order additional services. The customer always has access to credit card information via the same login method described above, and can view, edit, and permanently delete any credit card number stored on the system. Credit card numbers are never displayed as plain text within a web browser, but are always masked and unreadable, with at least the last four digits and the expiry date viewable so that the customer knows which card is stored. Only highly trusted, authorized personnel at Korax have access to customer credit cards, and must themselves use a unique user name login and password combination on a secure server in order to gain access to credit card numbers, and then only in response to a customer's request to edit, delete, add, or make charges to a credit card. 

## Web site cookies

Some features and functions of this web site, including AMS, use cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data sent by the web site to the user's browser. The information includes web site preferences, and never contains personally identifiable information such as user names or E-mail addresses, or secure information such as passwords. If users prefer not to have the web site store information, cookies can be disabled in the user's browser. The browser's online help, or the browser's vendor, must be consulted in order to turn cookies off. Turning off cookies will disable portions of the web site, including AMS. Customers who turn off cookies and are unable to use AMS are still responsible for supplying Korax with up to date contact information and billing information. 
