> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lkqcorp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180530180331id_/http%3A//www.lkqcorp.com/en-us/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

Effective Date: July 17, 2017 

LKQ Corporation (“ **we** ”, “ **us** ”, “ **our** ”) is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to the websites operated by LKQ Corporation and its affiliates, including [www.lkqcorp.com](https://web.archive.org/) and [www.LKQpickyourpart.com](http://www.lkqpickyourpart.com/) (“ **Websites** ”) and users of mobile applications made available by LKQ, including the PYP Garage mobile application ( “ **Apps** ”) (collectively, the Websites and Apps are referred to as the “ **Service** ”). **  **When you access, browse, or use the Service, information will be collected, transferred, processed, stored, and disclosed in accordance with this privacy statement (“ **Policy** ”).  This Policy governs the information collection, use, protection, storage and disclosure practices for the Service.  By accessing, browsing, or using the Service, including registering an Account (as defined below) with our Service, you expressly consent to the collection, transfer, use, processing, disclosure and storage of your information (including personal information), as described in this Policy.  Please fully review this Policy before you use the Service or submit information to us.  IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS POLICY OR THE INFORMATION COLLECTION, USE, AND DISCLOSURE PRACTICES DESCRIBED IN THIS POLICY, DO NOT USE THE Service OR REGISTER AN ACCOUNT. 

**1.             ****information collection practices**

This section of the Policy, _Information Collection Practices_ , outlines the various ways that we gather information about you. 

**1.1.          ****Information that You Provide.   ** We collect and store information that you enter through the Service or give to us in any other way.  This section, _Information that You Provide_ , provides examples of the information that you provide to us.  You can choose not to provide certain information to us, but then you might not be able to access or use all features and functionality of the Service. 

**(a)            ****Account Registration and Login.   **You may visit and browse some portions of the Websites without registering or submitting personal information.  However, in order to access some portions of Websites and use Apps, you will be required to register for an account (“Account”) by entering certain information about yourself.  When you register for an Account, you will be asked to provide some personal information.  For example, if you are creating an Account, we may require you to provide your name, e-mail, phone number, and address.  When you register for an Account and log in to a Service you must provide your current, complete, and accurate information. It is your responsibility to keep your information up to date and to ensure that we have an active and deliverable email address and phone number for you. We are not responsible for any problems, interruptions in access, or liability that may arise if you do not give us complete and accurate information or if you fail to update your information so that it is current. You may edit your Account information by accessing the account or profile maintenance screens contained within the Service.

**(b)           ****Correspondence; Contact and Support Feature.   **If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails, texts, or letters; provide us information by phone or live chat; or if you provide feedback on your experience with the Websites, Apps, or an LKQ facility we may save the information in a profile specific to you.  Additionally, we collect and store the personal information you provide when you use the “Contact Us” feature within the Service, including your first name, last name, mobile number, e-mail, your favorite store location, and your message.

**(c)            ****Your Use of the Service.   **We collect and store the information that you and other users provide when you and they use and interact with the Service.  For example, we collect and store Service your favorite store locations, your vehicles, your feedback and responses to surveys and questionnaires; and other information you provide when using the Service.

**1.2.          ****Information that is Automatically Collected.   **We may collect and store information about you and any computer or device you use to access or use the Service automatically using a variety of technologies.  This section, _Information that is Automatically Collected_ , provides examples of information that we collect about you automatically.  We collect this information for the purposes described in this Policy, including to better understand our customer base and to improve the quality of the Service.

**(a)            ****Device Information.   **We may collect and store device-specific information, including your device type and model, your mobile number, your mobile device platform, your operating system and version, and your device identity which includes your unique identifier and IP address.  We may associate your device-specific information with you and your Account. 

**(b)           ****Log Information.   **When you use or interact with the Service, we and our service providers automatically collect certain information in our server logs.  Generally, this information does not directly identify you, and may include your internet protocol address, browser type, and pages viewed. ****** **

**(c)            ****Location Information.   **If you give us permission through the Service, we may collect location information (including geolocation and GPS location) about you through the Service, including any applications installed on your devices.  Once you have given us permission to collect location information, we may continue collecting that information in the foreground and the background without asking permission again.  You may be able to disallow our use of certain location data through your browser or device settings, for example, by disabling “Location Services” for an App in your device’s privacy settings.  If you block the use of location information, the Service or certain features of the Service may be inaccessible or not function properly.  Our third-party analytics providers may also collect location information about you, as described in Section 3.2(b) below.

**(d)           ****Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies**.  We and third parties with whom we partner (including Google Analytics) may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, web bugs, scripts, tags, and other similar technology (collectively, “ **Cookies** ”) to record information about your activities on the Websites and on third-party websites that you visit. 

(i)    **Cookies.** **** A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a device for record-keeping purposes. Cookies record information about your activities while using the Websites and “remember” you when you return to the Websites. Some cookies remain on your device until you delete them. Others, like session ID cookies, expire when you close your browser. You may set your device settings to attempt to reject Cookies, but doing so may affect functionality of the Websites.  Information collected by cookies may include, but is not limited to: your IP address, browser type and language, device type, device identifiers, other device and software information (such as configuration information on your device and other applications), apps you access, search and browsing information, web usage information, referring/exit pages and URLs, other browser history, platform type, number of clicks, landing pages, cookie information, the pages you requested and viewed, the amount of time spent on particular pages and the date and time of each request you make. See Section 4, Online Tracking and Your Choices, for more information on how the Websites may respond to your device settings.  We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. See Section 3.2, Sharing with Third Parties, for more information and review the privacy policies of all third party providers for information about third party cookies.

(ii)   **Pixels** (aka web beacons). Pixels are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that are used to track the online movements of web users. Unlike cookies, which are stored on a computer’s hard drive, pixels are small graphics that are about the size of the period at the end of the sentence that are embedded invisibly on web pages or in HTML-based emails. We do not control the use of pixels by third parties.

**1.3.          ****Information that is Collected by** **Third Parties.   **The Service may link or allow you to access or sign up for services provided by third parties (“ **Third Party Sites and Services** ”).  The collection, use, and disclosure of information by Third Party Sites and Services are subject to the privacy policies of the third-party operator, which we do not control.

**2.     ****HOW WE USE INFORMATION**

This section of the Policy, _How We Use Information_ , outlines the various ways that we use the information that we collect about you.

**2.1.          ****General**.  We may use your personal information (including tracking information) to manage your Account. We may also use it to operate, maintain, and improve the Service and any successor or future versions of the Service (including to provide you a more personalized experience) and Third Party Services that are utilized by the Service; allow you to log in more conveniently and assist with identity authentication; understand where requests originate; conduct security and statistical analysis; communicate with you; produce traffic volume statistics; maintain a record of customer service requests; provide you information about products and services (including products and services of third parties); sell and deliver advertising; market; conduct research; resolve disputes; collect fees owed; detect and protect against errors, fraud, and criminal activity; assist law enforcement; enforce this Policy and any other terms related to the Service; and any other purpose described in this Policy or that we describe to you at the time of collection.

**2.2.          ****Provision of Service.   **We use your personal information to provide the Service to you.  For example, we may use your personal information to provide customer service; and respond to your requests for information.

**2.3.          ****Communications**. We may use your personally identifiable information to send you emails, text messages, and other communications related to your Account or the Service, or in response to your inquiries or requests. You may not opt-out of receiving service-related messages that are not promotional in nature. We may also send you texts, marketing emails, surveys, or mailings to notify you about products or services that may be of interest to you. If you would like to stop receiving marketing communications from us, please click on the unsubscribe link at the bottom of any marketing communication sent via email or reply “stop” to any marketing communications sent via text. If you opt-out, you will continue to receive service-related emails.

**2.4.          ****Non-identifying and Aggregated Information**. We may use non-identifying information for any lawful purpose, including analyzing trends, research, Service administration, tracking users’ movements around the Service, and to improve our business and the Service and we may share it with third parties including for commercial purposes.

**2.5.          ****Retaining Your Information**. In general, we will retain your information indefinitely, or as long as legally required or allowed; however, we are not obligated to retain your information and may delete it at any time (subject to applicable law).  Subject to applicable law, if you cancel your Account or your Account is otherwise terminated, we may, but are not obligated to, delete information we have collected or obtained from you and third parties and we may continue to use and disclose it in accordance with this Policy.  

**3.     ****HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION**

This section of the Policy, _How We Share Information_ , describes how we share the information that we collect about you with other parties.

**3.1.          ****Generally**. We will not sell or rent any of your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes. However, we may transfer information about you to any affiliated entity or organization and to agents and service providers. We may share non-identifying information with third parties for any lawful purpose, including analyzing trends, research, Service administration, tracking users’ movements around the Service, and to improve our business, products, services, and the Service and we may sell it to third parties for commercial purposes. Use of personal information by affiliated entities and organizations acting on our behalf will be subject to this Policy or an agreement that is at least as restrictive as this Policy. For information on use of information by agents and service providers, see Section 3.3, _Sharing with_ _Third Parties_.

**3.2.          ****Sharing on the Service**.  The Service may allow users to connect and communicate with others, such as through message board. If you use any communication features, other users of the Service can view your profile information and your communications that you post to the Service. 

**3.3.          ****Sharing with Third Parties.**    We may share information about you with third parties to help us operate and improve the Service, and to provide and promote our products and services as well as third-party products and services.  Additionally, we may be required to disclose information about you to comply with law, or in connection with a business transition.  This section, _Sharing with Third Parties_ , provides examples of how we share your information with third parties.  

**(a)            ****Service Providers.   **We use third parties to help us operate and improve the Service (e.g., hosting providers, e-commerce service providers and analytics service providers). We may provide these third parties information we collect and they may collect information from you and about your use of the Service. We may provide information we collect to third parties and it will, unless specifically noted otherwise in this Policy, be governed by this Policy and may only be used by those third parties to help us operate or improve our business or the Service (including by improving the products and services that third parties provide to us); to provide services to us; and to comply with legal requirements and assist law enforcement. We do not control information collected by third parties and are not responsible for their use of that information. Please review their privacy policies for more information on their information collection, use, and sharing practices.

**(b)           ****Google Analytics.   **We use Google, a third-party analytics provider, to collect information about Websites usage and users of the Service.  Google may use cookies and pixels to collect usage information from users that visit the Service, including information about the pages where users enter and exit the Service, what pages users view on the Service, time spent on each page, browser version, operating system, internet protocol address, and geolocation information. ** __**    These technologies allow Google to recognize a user when a user visits the Service and when the user visits other websites.  Google shares the information it collects from the Service and from other websites with us and other website operators, including but not limited to age range, gender, geographic regions, general interests and details about devices used to visit websites and purchase items.  For more information regarding Google’s collection methods and use of information, see the Google Privacy Policy by visiting the following link: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  If you would like to opt out of Google Analytics tracking, please visit the following link: <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>.

**(c)            ****Legal Requirements**. In some cases, we or our service providers may disclose your personal information as required by law; to enforce this Policy or any other agreement between you and LKQ; if we or our service providers believe that disclosure is needed to protect the Service, any Host or Guest, or our rights; prevent or stop fraud or any other activity that, in our sole discretion, may cause harm to person or property or be illegal, unethical, or legally actionable; to government regulators; to law enforcement authorities; in connection with any complaint, dispute, claim, conflict, judicial proceeding, court order, subpoena, or legal process served on us or the Service; and to respond to a physical threat to you or another person.

**(d)           ****Insolvency and Business Transitions**. If we ever file for bankruptcy or engage in a business transition such as a merger or joint venture with another company, or if we purchase, sell, or reorganize all or a part of the Service or our business or assets or the business or assets of our affiliates, we may disclose your personal information, including to prospective or actual purchasers in connection with one of these transactions.

**3.4.          ****Disclaimer**. We cannot ensure that all of your personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Policy. For example, we may be required to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Service. No storage or transmission of data can be 100% secure.

**4.     ****ONLINE TRACKING AND YOUR CHOICES**  

**4.1.          **As discussed above, because we and our third party service providers automatically collect Service usage information through the use of Cookies (including as described in Section 1.2, _Information that is_ _Automatically Collected_ , and Section 3.3, _Sharing with Third Parties_ ), your selection of the “Do Not Track” option provided by your browser may not have any effect on our collection of automatically collected information. One way to attempt to “opt out” of the collection of any information through Cookies and some (but not all) other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser to delete and disable Cookies and other tracking/recording tools. However, getting a “Do Not Track” signal to work as you might want is difficult and may not be possible. Using browsers as an example, not all tracking technologies can be controlled by browsers; unique aspects of your browser might be recognizable even if you disable a tracking technology; not all settings will necessarily last or be effective; even if a setting is effective for one purpose data still may be collected for another; and even if one website observes a “Do Not Track” signal, that website usually will not be able to control other websites.  Additionally, if you select a “Do Not Track” option or disable Cookies on your device, certain Service may become unavailable or may not function properly.

**4.2.          **You may adjust certain aspects of Apps, such as turning on and off notifications, by adjusting your preferences within the “Settings”.

**5.     ****INFORMATION SECURITY MEASURES**

Keeping secure personal information that we collect is of great concern to us. While we have mechanisms in place to safeguard your personal information once we receive it, no storage or transmission of data can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. When you provide information to the Service, you do so at your own risk and fully understand and agree to accept the risks of unauthorized access, use and disclosure of your personal information that may occur despite our compliance with this Policy and implementation of security technologies.

We will keep your personal information in a file specific to you, and store your personal information at the offices and data centers of us and our service providers in the United States.  As we are a U.S. business, we use and store your personal information in the United States. If you do not reside in the United States, you should note that any personal information we collect is subject to United States’ laws, and may be subject to disclosure to the governments, courts or law enforcement or regulatory agencies of the United States, pursuant to the laws of the United States.  For written information about our policies and practices regarding foreign service providers, contact our Privacy Officer (see Section 10 below).

**6.     ****CHILDREN**

The Service is intended for users over the age of 18 and is not directed to children under 13.  We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us at by using the contact information in the Privacy Questions section at the bottom of this Policy, and we will take steps to remove the information and terminate the child's Account.

**7.     ****CALIFORNIA SHINE THE LIGHT LAW**

**(a)            **California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, a list of the third parties to whom we have disclosed personal information (as defined under that statute) of that California resident, for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year and the categories of that kind of personal information that was disclosed to them. If you are a California resident and you wish to make such a request you may contact us by using the contact information in the Privacy Questions section at the bottom of this Policy.

**(b)           **While the Service is not intended for anyone under the age of 18, if you are a California resident under age 18 and you believe your information has become publicly-available through the Service and you are unable to remove it, you may request removal by contacting us at: pypfeedback@lkqcorp.com. When requesting removal, you must be specific about the information you want removed and provide us with specific information, such as the URL for each page where the information is located, so that we can find it. Removal of your content or information from the Service does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information from our systems or the systems of our service providers. We are not required to delete the information posted by you; our obligations under California law are satisfied so long as we anonymize the information or render it invisible to other users and the public.

**8.     ****ACCESSING AND UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**

If you would like to update your personal information associated with your Account, you may make changes in the “My Profile” or “Settings” portions of the Service.  Aside from updates you make, at any time, you may challenge the accuracy or completeness of your personal information in our records. If you successfully demonstrate that your personal information in our records is inaccurate or incomplete, we will update the personal information as required. Where appropriate, we will transmit the updated information to third parties having access to your personal information. 

If you would like to cancel your Account, request access or a correction to your personal information (other than corrections you can make in the “My Profile” or “Settings” portions of the Service), please contact us using the “Contact Us” feature within the Service.  If you do not want your information accessed or stored as described in this Policy, you should not access, use, or register an Account with the Service.

**9.     ****MODIFICATION OF THIS POLICY**

We will occasionally update this Policy, in our sole discretion.  When we post changes to this Policy, we will revise the "Effective Date” at the top of this Policy in order to notify you of changes.  We recommend that you check the Service from time to time to inform yourself of any changes in this Policy or any of our other policies.  If you do not agree to any update, please do not use the Service; by continuing to access or use the Service after a change to this Policy becomes effective, you agree to and accept the revised Policy as of the Policy Effective Date.

**10.   ****PRIVACY QUESTIONS**

If you have questions, concerns or complaints about our privacy practices, please contact our Privacy Officer at: 

legal@LKQCORP.com 

or 

LKQ Corporation

500 West Madison St

Suite 2800

Chicago, IL 60661

Attn: Legal Department
