> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kadaza.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170629074158id_/http%3A//www.kadaza.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Our Privacy Policy

**Our Privacy & Cookie Policy**

**Kadaza takes your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy.**

Kadaza ("Kadaza" or "we" or "us" or “Website” or "site" or "our") is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. We appreciate your use of our websites and mobile sites, and related services (collectively known as the "Services," or, each individually, a "Service"). By using Kadaza, you agree to abide and bound by this Privacy Policy, which may be modified or updated from time to time. Please read the information below to learn more about our privacy policy guidelines. Since this is a website in progress with continual additions and expansions, and because Internet technologies are constantly evolving, these guidelines are subject to change. Use of Kadaza is also subject to our [**terms and conditions**.](http://www.kadaza.com/terms_of_service)

**1.     Cookies**

A cookie is a small piece of text sent to your browser by a website you visit. It helps the website to remember information about your visit, like your preferred language and other settings. That can make your next visit easier and the site more useful to you. Cookies play an important role. By using Kadaza, you agree that we and our partners may set cookies for purposes such as customising content and advertising.

There are different types of cookies in use, which are explained below.

**Functionality & Strictly necessary cookies** \- Kadaza uses these cookies to store information such as your preferred settings when you visit our site. These cookies make the interaction between our users and Kadaza faster and easier. For example, We may place cookies to restore your personalized Kadaza start page.

**Analytical cookies** \- Anonymous Traffic data are generated when your computer connects to the internet and to Kadaza. We may collect the following information: origin of the connection (ISP), IP address, type and version of your internet browser, length of connection, etc. These data may be used for statistical purposes to analyse the traffic (most and least-viewed pages, activity per day and hour, etc.). Traffic data are always processed anonymously. Kadaza uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”), to collect these anonymous traffic data. We have implemented or may implement interest-based advertising features such as Remarketing, Google Display Network Impression Reporting, DoubleClick Campaign Manager Integration or Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting. Google Analytics uses “cookies” to help us analyze how users use our site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Kadaza will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. If you don’t want Analytics to be used in your browser, you can [install the Google Analytics browser add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). Learn more about [Google Analytics and privacy](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en-US). Our services also uses analytics cookies to generate anonymous search data. We use log files to collect and store this anonymous search information. Kadaza analyzes the information to examine trends, administer the site and gather site navigation information for aggregate use or to provide more relevant advertising.

**Advertising & Third Party cookies** \- Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website. The [DoubleClick cookie / Adsense Cookie](http://www.google.com/intl/en-US/policies/privacy/partners/) is used by Google in the ads served on the websites of its partners, such as websites displaying AdSense ads or participating in Google certified ad networks. When users visit a partner's website and either view or click on an ad, a cookie may be dropped on that end user's browser. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to users based on visits to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting [Ads Settings](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/). Alternatively, you can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for interest based advertising by visiting [aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/). Real time search suggestions on Kadaza may consist of affiliate links. These search results may contain tracking URLs to identify clicks from the search results page or to provide more relevant advertising in the future.

Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. You may suppress cookies after your visit or configure your internet browser to prevent them. However, you should be aware that in this event your preferences will be lost. Find instructions for popular browsers below.

Internet Explorer: <http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/internet-explorer/delete-manage-cookies>  
Safari: <https://support.apple.com/kb/PH19214?viewlocale=en_US>  
Chrome: <https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en>  
Firefox: <https://support.mozilla.org/en-US/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences>  
Opera: <http://help.opera.com/Windows/10.20/en/cookies.html>

**2.     Advertisement**

Kadaza uses third party advertisements on Kadaza to support our web site. As a web directory and start page, and as an advertising publisher, you will find various links on our site, including but not limited to sponsored search results and sponsored listings. These sites are owned and maintained by independent companies, over which Kadaza has no control, and who are not covered by this privacy policy. Kadaza is not liable or responsible for the content of these sites, or their collection of information and its use. Please note that this privacy policy applies only to the Kadaza.com website.

Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to users based on visits to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting [Ads Settings](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/).

**3.     Application cache**

Every Web browser has a built-in cache that stores recently visited Web pages. This means the same pages and assets will load faster the next time the browser returns. It enables the browser to make all cached resources available in offline mode. Our website and our mobile site uses HTML5 application cache. By the use of application data cache we can enable our website to run without an internet connection and improve the performance of the application by enabling faster loading of content. You can choose to remove your browser's cache in your browser settings. Clearing your browser’s cache and cookies means that website settings will be deleted and our website and especially our mobile site might appear to be a little slower because all of the images have to be loaded again.

**4.     Personal Information**

You do not need to open an account and provide us with personally identifiable information to use Kadaza. If we collect and process any contact information (like newsletter registration or email correspondence) we use it in a fair and lawful manner and in respect of your rights. You can also subscribe to the Kadaza newsletter. We'll sporadically send you updates of current and future Kadaza features. Should you decide to discontinue the sending of our newsletter, you are welcome to unsubscribe.

We will never share your contact information with third parties. Please be aware that we may provide your personal information if we are required to do so by law or compelled by a court of law.  In case of any violation of our Terms of Service, Kadaza reserves the right to block you from accessing the site as well as to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation, governmental request or partner request, at it sole discretion.

**5.    Search Features**

Kadaza provides various search features, such as real time search suggestions as you type a search query. When you conduct a search we collect information from your experience, such as your search queries. Kadaza may base suggestions on aggregated searches across all users. A variety of third party providers help power Kadaza search and sponsored search services. We may share your search query, IP address, and other depersonalized information from your web browser with these search partners. These third party providers may use this information, as well as your search results clicks, to provide more relevant advertising and search results for search product improvement, research and analysis, and to help detect and defend against fraudulent activity on sponsored or contextual search results. As a web directory and search engine, and as an advertising publisher, you will find various links on our site, including but not limited to sponsored search results and sponsored listings.

**6.     Links to other sites**

Although Kadaza provides numerous links to web sites, Kadaza has no control over any of the sites we feature anywhere on the site. Featured sites on Kadaza may use cookies of their own or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information from you. Other sites comply with different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personally identifiable information submitted to them by users. Please consult the privacy policies and / or statements of the other web sites you visit.

Last modified: September 29, 2016

__________________________________________________________________________________

Share your experiences, comments and suggestions with us: **[Click here.](http://www.kadaza.com/contact_us)**

[](https://www.facebook.com/kadaza.us)  [](http://twitter.com/kadaza_usa)  [](https://plus.google.com/+KadazaUSA)
