> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the reserve.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150316184623id_/https%3A//reserve.com/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Reserve

Reserve Media, Inc. (“Reserve” or “we” or “us”) operates a digital concierge service focused on making the dining experience better, both for restaurants and diners (the “Service”). This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share and protect information when you use, access and interact with our Service, including, without limitation, through our website (the “Site”) or our mobile applications. By using, accessing, or interacting with the Service, you are consenting to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties or individuals that we do not own, control, manage or employ, including, but not limited to, restaurants in the Reserve network (each, a “Restaurant”) or any other third party websites, services, or applications that you chose to access or use through the Service or that you chose to use to interact with the Service. Some examples of such third parties are provided throughout this Privacy Policy, but please note that the examples included herein are not meant to be an exhaustive list. For information about the privacy practices of such third parties, please consult with them directly.

**Information We Collect**

We collect information in order to provide, improve upon, and personalize the Service. The types of information we collect, including as set forth in the categories below, include both personal information, which is information that could be used to identify you, such as your name and email address (“Personal Information”), and non-personal information, which is information that cannot be used to identify you, such as anonymous usage data generated by your use of the Service (“Non-Personal Information”).

**Account Information**

To sign up for the Service, you must create an account and provide certain required information, including: your name, email, zip code, mobile phone number, password, and your credit and/or debit card information (please note that we do not store your credit or debit card information, as further described in the section called “Information Shared With Our Third Party Payment Processor”). You may also choose to upload a photo to your account and may have the option of adding notes to your account that you would like to provide to Restaurants when requesting a reservation, such as any dietary restrictions or food preferences you may have. 

By signing up for the Service, you acknowledge that some of the account information we ask for and collect (collectively, “Account Information”) may be Personal Information and that by providing Personal Information to us you are allowing us and others (as described in this Privacy Policy) to use that Personal Information, including for the purpose of identifying you. 

By providing us with your email address when you sign up for the Service, you expressly consent to receive emails from us relating to the Service, however you may opt out of certain promotional or other email messages by following the instructions contained within the emails we send to you. 

In addition, by providing us with your mobile phone number when you sign up for the Service, you are expressly opting-in to receive SMS text messages from us relating to the Service and acknowledge that messaging and data rates may apply depending on your mobile phone service provider. You may opt-out of receiving SMS text messages at any time by emailing us at [support@reserve.com](mailto:support@reserve.com) or by texting STOP in response to the text messages you receive. However, by opting-out of receiving text messages, we may have to temporarily suspend your account, during which time you will no longer be able to use the Service. 

**Request Information**

When you use the Service to request reservations at Restaurants we may also collect and store information related to such requests including, but not limited to, information related to accepted reservation requests and information provided by Restaurants that you interact with through the Service (collectively, “Request Information”). Request Information may include, but is not limited to, special requests, dining preferences, amount spent per reservation, and ratings of your dining experiences. Request Information may also include but is not limited to, information about the types of Restaurants at which you request reservations and aggregate information such as total number of reservations you have requested. 

**Usage Information**

We may also use a variety of technologies to passively collect other information as you use or interact with the Service (“Usage Information”). For example, Usage Information may include the browser that you are using, the URL that referred you to our Site, all of the areas within our Site that you visit, access times, precise location data, and your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for your computer, mobile phone or other device used to access the Service (each, a “Device”). Usage Information may be non-identifying or may be associated with you. Whenever we associate Usage Information or a Device Identifier with you, we will treat it as Personal Information.

A few methods that may be used to collect Usage Information include, without limitation, the following (and may include technologies and methods developed hereafter):

  1. **Cookies.** When you visit our Site we may send one or more cookies to your Device. A cookie is a data file that is used for various purposes, including, among other things, to identify your browser, remember you and your preferences, and track your visits to our Site. A cookie does not collect Personal Information about you. Cookies can be disabled or controlled by setting a preference within your web browser or on your Device. However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
  2. **Web Beacons.** We may employ small graphic images or other web programming code called web beacons (also known as “1x1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”) in our Site and email messages, which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our users and to track which emails are opened by recipients.



The only way to completely “opt out” of the collection of any information through cookies or other tracking technology is to actively manage the settings on your browser or mobile device. Please refer to your browser’s or mobile device’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. To learn more about cookies, web beacons and related technologies and how you may opt-out of some of this tracking, you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org and/or the Network Advertising Initiative’s online resources, at http://www.networkadvertising.org. Depending on your mobile device, you may not be able to control tracking technologies through settings. If you have any questions about opting out of the collection of cookies and other tracking/recording tools, you can contact us directly at [support@reserve.com](mailto:support@reserve.com).

We currently do not employ technology that recognizes “Do Not Track” signals from your browser. 

We may also engage third parties, such as marketing or analytics partners, who may collect information on our behalf and for our use about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Services.

**Third Party Platform Information**

We may also obtain information about you from other sources, including but not limited to third party websites, applications, and services (each, a “Third Party Platform”), through which you connect with or use to interact with our Service and we may combine that with information we collect. Please remember that the manner in which a Third Party Platform uses, stores, and discloses your information is governed by the privacy policies of such Third Party Platform. We recommend that you review the terms of use and privacy policies of such Third Party Platforms should you have any questions.

**HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION**

Our primary goal in collecting the types of information described above is to allow us to provide and improve upon the Service and to offer you an enhanced and personalized experience when using the Service. 

For example, we may use Account Information and Request Information to:

  1. Request, confirm, change or cancel reservations on your behalf at Restaurants you’ve selected through the Service;
  2. Send you information about requested, confirmed, changed, completed or cancelled reservations at a Restaurant you’ve selected through the Service, including receipts;
  3. Send you other information relating to the Service, including technical notices, updates, security alerts, support and administrative messages;
  4. Understand your preferences to enhance, personalize, and customize your experience and enjoyment using the Service, including by using your dining history to make recommendations about other Restaurants you may like;
  5. Respond to your comments or questions and provide customer service;
  6. Communicate with you about offers, promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by Reserve, participating Restaurants, or other select partners;
  7. Authenticate your credit or debit card account information; and
  8. Protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.



By way of further example, we may use Usage Information to: (a) store certain information so that you will not have to re-enter that information when you visit the Site or use the Service; (b) monitor the effectiveness of our Service and marketing efforts; (c) monitor aggregate metrics, such as total number of visitors and traffic patterns; (d) diagnose or fix technology problems reported by our users or engineers that are associated with certain IP addresses; (e) help you efficiently access you information after you sign up; and (g) automatically update the Reserve application on your Devices.

To be clear, by providing us with your email address when you sign up for the Service, you expressly consent to receive emails from us relating to the Service, however you may opt out of certain promotional or other email messages by following the instructions contained within the emails we send to you. 

In addition, by providing us with your mobile phone number when you sign up for the Service, you are expressly opting-in to receive SMS text messages from us relating to the Service and acknowledge that messaging and data rates may apply depending on your mobile phone service provider. You may opt-out of receiving SMS text messages at any time by emailing us at [support@reserve.com](mailto:support@reserve.com) or by texting STOP in response to the text messages you receive. However, by opting-out of receiving text messages, we may have to temporarily suspend your account, during which time you will no longer be able to use the Service. 

**HOW WE SHARE INFORMATION**

We do not share, rent, sell or trade the information we have collected about you, including information you provide to us, other than as disclosed when within this Privacy Policy or, if there is an exception, as disclosed at the time you provide your information.

**Information Shared With Restaurants**

When you use the Service to request a reservation at a Restaurant, we share some of your Personal Information with that Restaurant, including your name and, once your request has been accepted, your contact information, just as you would if you were to request and/or book a reservation by calling or emailing a Restaurant. If you have uploaded a photo to your account, it may be viewable by a Restaurant after they have accepted your reservation request through the Service so that they are able to recognize you when you come in for your reservation. You may also have the option of including special preferences or providing comments in connection your reservation requests and we will pass those on to the Restaurant. We may also share other information with a Restaurant generated by your use of the Service, such as your dining preferences, prior reservation history at that Restaurant, and/or information that we may collect from Third Party Platforms.

We may share aggregated reports of our users’ ratings of their dining experiences at a Restaurant with that Restaurant. When we share such aggregated reports with a Restaurant, we will not tie your ratings of your dining experiences at that Restaurant to other information that a Restaurant can use to identify you. If you provide specific comments or feedback about a Restaurant through our Service, those comments may be shared with that Restaurant to allow that Restaurant to address and resolve any issues you may have raised in your comments.

By requesting a reservation though the Service, you consent to our sharing of information with Restaurants as described above. Please note that Reserve does not control the privacy practices of Restaurants and takes no responsibility for any Restaurant’s actions with respect to or the treatment of your information.

**Information Shared With Our Third Party Payment Processor**

To sign up for the Service, we require that you provide your information for at least one credit or debit card. The credit or debit card information you provide in connection with your account is not stored by us, but is stored and used by our third party credit card processor to process payment that you owe to us and Restaurants for services received by you. By submitting your credit or debit card information to us, you expressly consent to the sharing of such information with our third party payment processor and acknowledge that such third party may store your credit and/or debit card information in connection with your use of our Service. For information about the security of your credit or debit card account information, see the section entitled “Security of Your Information” below.

**Aggregate Information**

We may share non-personally identifiable aggregated information, such as aggregated user statistics and log data, with third parties with whom we conduct business for industry analysis. For example, we may share such statistical data with third parties with whom we conduct business so that they can understand how and how often people use our Service and their services or websites, which helps with improving both their services and how our Service interacts with their services.

**Information Shared With Our Agents and Affiliates**

We may share Personal Information with affiliates, third party vendors, consultants and others we employ to perform tasks on our behalf, to provide services to us, or to provide products or services to you in connection with the Service (collectively, “Agents and Affiliates”). We will only share your Personal Information with our Agents and Affiliates to the extent necessary and, unless we tell you differently, our Agents an Affiliates do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us or you.

**When You Agree to Receive Information From Third Parties**

We do not share your Personal Information with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes unless you consent to such sharing. For example, you may be presented with an opportunity to receive information and/or marketing offers directly from third parties. If you agree to have your Personal Information shared, your Personal Information will be disclosed to such third parties and all information you disclose will be subject to the privacy policies and practices of such third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of such third parties and, therefore, you should review the privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to agreeing to receive information and/or marketing offers from them. If you later decide that you no longer what to receive communication from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly.

**Information Disclosed Pursuant to Business Transfers**

We may disclose or transfer your Personal Information to a third party if we sell, transfer, divest, or disclose all or a portion of our business or assets to another company in connection with or during the negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, transaction, or proceeding.

**Information Disclosed for Legal or Safety Reasons**

We may disclose your Personal Information (i) to comply with laws and the legal process and/or to respond to lawful requests, (ii) to protect the rights and property of Reserve, our employees, agents, users, and others, including without limitation, to enforce our agreements, policies, and terms of use, and (iii) in an emergency to protect the personal safety of Reserve, our users, or any other person.

**INFORMATION YOU SHARE PUBLICLY**

You may be able to access Third Party Platforms though our Service, for example by clicking on a link to a Third Party Platform from within the Service, and you may be able to connect and share your actions comments, content, and information publicly or with friends through our Service or on Third Party Platforms. Your may also be able to publicly connect with us on Third Party Platforms, including those on which Reserve has a presence.

Any information that you voluntarily share publically is viewable by other users and the public. When you share information publicly, others may reproduce, publish, distribute or otherwise use that public information online or offline in any media or format currently existing or hereafter developed. Thus, please be mindful of your personal privacy needs and the privacy needs of others as you choose whom to connect with and what to share and make public. Reserve also does not control the privacy practices of Third Party Platforms. Please contact those sites and services directly if you want to learn about their privacy practices.

**STORAGE AND SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION**

Your information collected through the Service may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Reserve or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. Reserve may transfer information that we collect about you, including Personal Information, to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which Reserve or its parent, subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this Privacy Policy.

The information we collect is securely stored within our databases, and we use standard, industry-wide, commercially reasonable security practices such as encryption, firewalls and SSL (Secure Socket Layers) for protecting your information, such as any portions of your credit card number which we retain (we do not ourselves retain your full credit card information) and reservation information. To be clear, Reserve does not itself store your full credit or debit card information and we do not have direct control over or responsibility for your debit or credit card information. Our contracts with our third party payment processors that receive your credit or debit card information require them to keep it secure.

Nevertheless, as effective as encryption technology is, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our databases or our third party payment processors’ databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply won’t be intercepted while being transmitted to us and/or to our third party payment processors over the Internet or via wireless communication, and any information you transmit to Reserve is done at your own risk. We assume no liability or responsibility for disclosure of your information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized third party access, or other causes beyond our control. 

You also play an important part in keeping your Personal Information secure. You are responsible for selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your Devices and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. We also recommend that you not disclose your password to anyone.

**VIEWING, CHANGING AND DELETING YOUR ACCOUNT INFORMATION**

If you have created an account with Reserve, you can view and change your account information by signing into the Service are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact information provided as part of your account registration. You may also remove or update your photo at anytime by signing into your account. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you with the Service, you can also contact us at [support@reserve.com](mailto:support@reserve.com). 

As noted above, you may opt-out of receiving SMS text messages at any time by emailing us at [support@reserve.com](mailto:support@reserve.com) or by texting STOP in response to the text messages you receive. However, by opting-out of receiving SMS text messages, we may have to temporarily suspend your account, during which time you will no longer be able to use the Service. 

We will retain your information for as long as your account with Reserve is active and as is needed to provide you the Service. Even after your account is terminated, we may retain your information (including, but not limited to, Personal Information and Usage Information) as needed to comply with our legal and regulatory obligations, resolve disputes, conclude any activities related to cancellation of an account (such as addressing chargebacks from your credit card companies), investigate or prevent fraud and other inappropriate activity, to enforce our agreements, and for other business reasons. After a period of time, your data may be anonymized and aggregated, and then may be held by us as long as necessary for us to provide our Service effectively. 

**YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION**

You may, of course, decline to provide us with some or all of your Personal Information, but keep in mind that without certain Personal Information we may not be able to provide you with the Service or certain features of the Service. 

**CHILDREN’S PRIVACY**

Our Service is not directed to children under 13 years old. Protecting the privacy of young children is especially important. For that reason, Reserve does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for the Service. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 is allowed to provide any personal information to or on Reserve. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at [support@reserve.com](mailto:support@reserve.com).

**CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY**

We’re constantly trying to improve our Service, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time and reserve the right to do so. If we change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes so as to keep you informed as to what information we collect and how we are using and disclosing that information. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when posted on this page, as indicated by the Effective Date at the bottom of this page. By continuing to access or use the Service after a change in this Privacy Policy has been posted, you are agreeing to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.

If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or any of our privacy-related practices, please contact us at [support@reserve.com](mailto:support@reserve.com).

Reserve Media, Inc.  
34 3rd Ave. #160  
New York, NY 10003

Effective Date: October 28, 2014  
 
