> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the reset.me privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150424234742id_/http%3A//reset.me/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Reset.me

Effective as of May 1, 2014 **                                                                 **Last Updated May 27, 2014

**Reset Journalism Inc.**

**PRIVACY POLICY**

Welcome to _Reset.me_ , a service owned an operated by Reset Journalism Inc., a Delaware Company (“ **RESET.ME** ”, “ **we** ”, “ **us** ” or “ **our** ”). RESET.ME is committed to protecting the privacy of our users online. Accordingly, we have developed this Privacy Policy (“ **Policy** ”) to inform users of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of data we receive from users of www.reset.me (the “ **Site** ”). Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Site, services, features, content, to administer your use of the Site (collectively, the “ **Service** ”), and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Site.

This Policy sets forth the policies and procedures of data and information, including but not limited to personally identifiable information, received from users of the Service. This Policy is applicable to all visitors of the Site, and all other users, registered or otherwise, of the Service (collectively, “ **visitors** ”, “ **users** ” or “ **you** ”). By using the Service, you consent to your information being collected, disclosed and otherwise used as described in this Policy, which is incorporated by reference into the RESET.ME Terms of Service (“ **TOS** ”) [hyperlink]. Unless otherwise defined in this Policy, terms used in this Policy have the same meanings as in our TOS. Capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them in the TOS.If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this Policy, and the terms and conditions in our TOS, you are not authorized to use the Service.

As used in this policy, the terms “using” and “processing” information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally.

The Service may contain links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other web sites. These other web sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. When linking to another web site, you should read the privacy policy stated on that web site. This Policy only governs information collected on the Service.

**_Changes to the Privacy Policy:_**

We may amend, update or change this Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes to the Policy, we will post the revised Policy here. If we make material changes to the Policy, we will notify you by an e- mail sent to the address specified in your RESET.ME Account (defined below) or by means of a notice on the Site once the change has become effective. You are encouraged to review the Policy from time to time in the event changes have been made. Your continued use of the Service indicates your assent to the Policy as posted and you agree that we may change it at any time, effective immediately.

**INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

We collect information to provide a better Service to all of our users. In some circumstances, certain users choose to interact with our Service in ways that require RESET.ME to gather personally identifiable information. In other circumstances, RESET.ME, like most website operators, will collect non-personally identifiable information. We use this information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of a visitor’s interaction with the Service.

**_Personally Identifiable Information_** **:**

When registering for an account with our Service (a “ **Member Account** ”), we receive and store personally identifiable information you enter or provide to us in any other way. The types of personal information collected may include your name, electronic mail address, URL, phone number, credit card information, Twitter, Facebook and/or other Social Networking Services (SNS) usernames, address and zip code, location, and any other data that is tied to such information (collectively, the “ **Personal Information** ”). We will not disclose Personal Information other than as described in this Policy. Of course, you can always refuse to provide Personal Information, or remove Personal Information that you have already provided, but doing so may prevent you from using some or all of our Service.

When you log in to a Member Account and interact with our Service, we may automatically collect and store information that has the potential to be personally identifiable, such as your Internet Protocol (IP address). We only use and disclose user IP addresses under the same circumstances that we use and disclose Personal Information under this Policy.

You can also register to join the Site via an online account you may have with a third party service provider (a “ **Third Party Account** ”). For example, you may register to join the Site, and interact with the service, through a Third Party Account with a Social Networking Service (“ **SNS** “). As part of the functionality of the Service, you may link your RESET.ME Account with Third Party Accounts by either: (i) providing your Third Party Account login information to RESET.ME through the Site; or (ii) allowing RESET.ME to access your Third Party Account, as is permitted under the applicable terms and conditions that govern your use of each Third Party Account. You represent that you are entitled to disclose your Third Party Account login information to RESET.ME and/or grant RESET.ME access to your Third Party Account (including, but not limited to, for the use and for the purposes described herein), without breach by you of any of the terms and conditions that govern your use of the applicable Third Party Account and without obligating RESET.ME to pay any fees or making RESET.ME subject to any usage limitations imposed by the applicable SNS. If you decide to register by logging into a Third Party Account via our Site, we will obtain the Personal Information you have provided to the applicable SNS (such as your name, email address, profile picture, names of SNS friends, names of SNS groups to which you belong, other information you make publicly available via the applicable SNS and/or other information you authorize RESET.ME to access by authorizing the SNS to provide such information) from your Third Party Accounts and use that information to create your RESET.ME Account and RESET.ME Account profile page, and you will become a Member. Depending on the Third Party Accounts you choose, and depending on the privacy settings that you have set in such Third Party Accounts, you understand that by granting us access to the Third Party Accounts, we will make available and store (if applicable and as permitted by the SNS and authorized by you) the information in your Third Party Accounts so that it is available on and through your RESET.ME Account on the Site. If there is information about your SNS friends or people with whom you are associated in your Third Party Account, the information we obtain about those SNS friends or people with whom you are associated may also depend on the privacy settings such people have with the applicable SNS.

**_Member Accounts_** **:**

When you create a RESET.ME Account, we will set up a RESET.ME Account profile page for you (“ **Member Profile** ”). Your Member Profile will include your name. You can select the other items of Personal Information that you wish to be included in your Member Profile, including, but not limited to, a profile picture, a list of the SNS groups to which you belong, a list of any of your SNS friends or connections who are also users of RESET.ME (collectively, your “ **Profile Information** “). We will display your Profile Information on your Member Profile publicly via the Site, and, with your prior permission, on third party sites. We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and we encourage users to think carefully about what information about themselves they disclose in their profile pages. You can review and revise your Profile Information at any time.

**_Non-Personally Identifiable Information:_**

When using a part of our Service, we may also collect non-personally identifiable information related to which part of our Service you are using and how you are using it, like when you view and interact with text, graphics, images, music, software, audio, video, information and other materials (collectively “ **Content** ”). The amount and type of information that we gather depends on the nature of your interaction with our Service. For example, web browsers and servers typically make available certain non-personally identifiable information like system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, date and time of a visitor’s request and referral URL, and other technologies. This information may be stored on our server logs. We collect this information in order to better understand how our visitors interact with and use our Service, and to improve our Service.

**_Changing or Deleting Your Information_** **:**

All Members may review, update, correct or deactiviate the Personal Information in their registration profile by contacting us at info@reset.me.com or editing the relevant part of their profile. Please note that, if you deactivate your Member Account, any recommendations or feedback or Content you have posted via the Site will remain publicly viewable via the Site.

**HOW WE USE INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

We use information we collect through the Service in order to provide, maintain, protect, and improve our Service, as well as to protect RESET.ME and our users and visitors. We also use this information to provide users with tailored Content.

Personal Information about our users is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information to anyone, except as described in this Policy. We use your Personal Information for such purposes as improving the content of the Service, customizing the Content you see, and communicating with you about specials and new features. We may also draw upon this Personal Information in order to adapt the Service and our community to your needs, to research the effectiveness of our network and Service, and to develop new tools for the community.

We provide some of our services through affiliates, service providers, partners and other third parties. We, and our service partners, may use your personal information to operate our sites and to deliver their services. These affiliates and third party service providers are not permitted to use personal information for any purposes other than to complete the order, assist you in participating in the particular service or promotional program, and communicating with you. We will encourage our service partners to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your personal information by our service partners is governed by the privacy policies of those service partners, and is not subject to our control.

We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners and connected sites. We only use this data in aggregate for business and administrative purposes, and for the purposes of performing statistical analyses on user behavior and characteristics, and for improving the Service. For example, we may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors interacting with our Site and Service; we may monitor the most activities of our Service users; and/or we may display this information publicly or provide it to others, like through the publication of a report on usage trends of visitors.

We may transfer Personal Information as an asset in connection with a proposed or actual merger or sale (including any transfers made as part of an insolvency or bankruptcy proceeding) involving all or part of our business or as part of a corporate reorganization, stock sale or other change in control. In such a circumstance the transferee would be bound by the terms of this Policy.

**_Mailing List and Referrals:_**

If you submit your e-mail address to be added to a mailing list, we will use the e-mail address for the sole purpose of sending you announcements and special offers, along with web site and Service updates and feedback solicitations. Each e-mail we send will contain information on how to unsubscribe from our mailing list. We use your feedback to improve our Service and our organization. If you choose to provide information about yourself using a feedback or e-mail form on our web site or our direct mailings, we will not use the information for any purpose other than to respond to your inquiry, act on your suggestion or comment, or collect statistical data on how our users interact with our service and other services.

You may choose to provide us with another person’s e-mail address or other contact information, including SNS username, in order to share content from the Site or so that person may be invited to register with our Service. We use this information to contact and, if necessary, remind that person about the invitation. By providing us with another person’s e-mail address, you represent to us that you have obtained the consent of that certain person with respect to such disclosure to us of their Personal Information. We may disclose such information if required to do so in order to comply with legal process, as described below.

**HOW YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IS PROTECTED**

Your account is password protected for your privacy and security. You need to prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password, and limiting access to your computer, phone and browser such as signing off after you have finished accessing your account. We are committed to protecting the information we receive from you, and we follow reasonable technical and management practices to help protect the confidentiality, security and integrity of Personal Information, potentially personally identifiable information, and data stored on our system. While no computer system is completely secure, we believe the measures we have implemented reduce the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.

The Service may contain links to other web sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other web sites. When linking to another web site, you should read the privacy policy stated on that web site. This Policy only governs information collected on the Service.

We restrict access to Personal Information to RESET.ME employees, contractors and agents, or affiliated organizations who need to know this information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to confidentiality obligations. We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.

We employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Site- and Service-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, and improvement of the Site and Service’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Services are used. These third parties may have access to your Personal Information; if they do, this access is only so that they may perform these tasks on our behalf and they are obligated not to disclose or use if for any purpose.

**_Compliance with Law and Law Enforcement_** **:**

RESET.ME cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose your Personal Information to third parties in a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) take action regarding suspected illegal activities; (b) enforce or apply our TOS and Privacy Policy; (c) comply with legal process, such as a search warrant, subpoena, statute, or court order; or (d) protect our rights, reputation, and property, or that of our users, affiliates, or the public. Please note that we are not required to question or contest the validity of any search warrant, subpoena or other similar governmental request that we receive.

**cookies and similar technologies**

Like many websites, we use cookies and other means to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We send cookies to your computer through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our web site are visited and by how many people. Most browsers have an option for disabling the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting cookies or will enable your browser to notify you when one is being placed. However, cookies are necessary to access the web site. We use analytics (and related analytics programs) to better understand who is using the Service, and how people are using it. Analytics uses cookies to collect and store anonymous information such as time of visit, pages visited, time spent on each page of the web site, IP address, and type of operating system used. We use this information to improve the Service and make it appealing to as many users as possible.

Our Site and Service may contain electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our Service is used and may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.

**MISCELLANEOUS**

**_International Transfer_** **:**

YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE TRANSFERRED TO – AND MAINTAINED ON – COMPUTERS LOCATED OUTSIDE OF YOUR STATE, PROVINCE, COUNTRY OR OTHER GOVERNMENTAL JURISDICTIONS WHERE THE PRIVACY LAWS MAY NOT BE AS PROTECTIVE AS THOSE IN YOUR JURISDICTION. IF YOU ARE LOCATED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AND CHOOSE TO PROVIDE INFORMATION TO US, RESET.ME TRANSFERS PERSONAL INFORMATION TO THE UNITED STATES AND PROCESSES IT THERE. YOUR CONSENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOLLOWED BY YOUR SUBMISSION OF SUCH INFORMATION REPRESENTS YOUR AGREEMENT TO THAT TRANSFER.

**_Our Policy Toward Children_** **:**

The Service is not directed to individuals under 18, and individuals under the age of 18 are not authorized to use the Service. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.

**_Contacting Us:_**

RESET.ME is committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. If you have any questions or concerns about this Policy, please contact us at: resetmediacontact@gmail.com. We will make every effort to answer your questions and/or resolve your concerns.
