> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the resortpass.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190407082249id_/https%3A//www.resortpass.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

## Privacy Policy

The ResortPass privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) is intended to inform you of our policies and practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information and other information you submit to us through ResortPass. By accessing or otherwise using the ResortPass website, e-mails or other services (collectively “ResortPass”), you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy (which is incorporated into and forms a part of the ResortPass Terms and Conditions of Use) and consent to the processing of your information according to the Privacy Policy. 

**Collection of Information** ResortPass collects information from users at different points on the website. Some of the information is collected when you provide us with information and other information is collected through your use of the website.

We collect information that you give to us. At the time you register, create an account or fill in forms on our website, or you send us a communication, we collect and store such information as you may provide. We may collect specific information such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, a unique login name, password, and password validation. We may also collect information when you complete a survey, enter a contest or promotion we sponsor, or when you report a problem with our website. To enable payment for goods or services purchased through ResortPass, such as Day Passes, we collect and store billing, credit card or other payment information. 

If you provide feedback to us, we may use and disclose such feedback for any purpose, provided we do not associate such feedback with your personal information. We will collect any information contained in such feedback and will treat the personal information in it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. You agree that any such comments and any e-mail we receive becomes our property. We may use feedback for marketing purposes or to add to or modify our services without paying any royalties or other compensation to you. 

We may automatically collect certain information when you use this website, such as your location, a device identifier, IP address, operating system, the browser, web pages viewed, etc. We use the personally identifiable information mentioned above to develop, deliver, protect, and improve our products, services, content, and customer communications. 

As most websites do, we use “cookies” to collect information about your use of the website. Cookies are small files stored by your browser on your hard drive. We use the information that we collect in this way to better understand our users’ interaction with our website or services and to optimize the user experience. Though most browsers automatically accept cookies, you are free to disable cookies in your browser settings, but please note that the full features of this website may be unavailable as a result. 

Certain information you post or provide through ResortPass for public posting, such as your name, profile, comments and reviews, may be shared with other users and posted on publicly available portions of ResortPass, including without limitation, social media applications and other public fora in which you choose to participate. Please keep in mind that if you choose to disclose personal information when posting comments or other information or content through ResortPass, this information may become publicly available and may be collected and used by others, including people outside the ResortPass community. It is up to you to make sure you are comfortable with the information you choose to provide us and the information you choose to publish. We will not have any obligations with respect to any information that you post to parts of ResortPass available to others, and recommend that you use caution when giving out personal information to others through social media networks or otherwise. 

**Use of Your Information** In general, personal information and other information you submit or share with us is used for the following purposes by ResortPass: to enable your access to our services; to provide, maintain, protect, develop and improve ResortPass; to fulfill your requests for products and services; to customize the content and advertisements you receive from us and our trusted partners; and to offer you additional information, opportunities, promotions and functionality from us or on our behalf, or from our partners or our advertisers at your request. 

We may provide your personal information to third-party service providers or affiliates who work on behalf of or with us to provide some of the services and features of ResortPass and to help us communicate with you. Examples of such services include sending e-mails, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing payments (including credit card payments) and providing customer service. We limit information provided to the aforementioned affiliates and third party service providers to the extent necessary for them to provide the services and require such service providers to promise not to use such information except as necessary to provide the relevant services to us.

We may share some or all of your personal information with hotels or other merchants for which you have purchased Day Passes or other goods or services for their commercial purposes and to provide the Day Passes or other goods or services. If you do not want us to use or disclose personal information collected about you in the manner identified in this Privacy Policy, you may not use ResortPass. Certain goods or services offered by ResortPass may expressly require you to submit information for fulfillment at the point of purchase, and hotels or other merchants may separately request information from you as necessary to redeem Day Passes or other goods or services you have purchased, or for their own purposes. A hotel’s or other merchant’s collection and use of any information shall be governed by that entity’s own privacy policy.

We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to manage our website and to enhance our website based on the usage pattern data we receive. 

We may use your personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve our products and services.   
We use Google Analytics to better understand how visitors interact with our site. This service provides non-personally identifiable data including but not limited to data on where visitors came from, what actions they took on our site and where visitors went when they left our site. If you would like to learn more about this service, or about choices to opt out from it, please visit [www.tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)

In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition by another company or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your personal information may be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur and are permitted by this Privacy Policy, and that any acquirer of ours or that acquirer’s assets may continue to process your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. 

We may use or disclose your personal information to resolve disputes, investigate problems, or enforce our Terms and Conditions of Use. We may also disclose your personal information if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; or (b) to protect and defend our rights or property, you, or third parties. You hereby consent to us sharing your personal information under the circumstances described herein. 

Your Choices Regarding Your Personal Information We offer you choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your personal information. You have a right at any time to stop us from contacting you for marketing purposes. When you receive promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further promotional communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the promotional e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly at info@resortpass.com. 

Despite your indicated e-mail marketing preferences, we may send you administrative e-mails regarding ResortPass, including, for example, administrative and transactional confirmations, and notices of updates to our Privacy Policy if we choose to provide such notices to you in this manner. 

**Security** We employ reasonable and current security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information. 

No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure. As a result, while we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. 

**Children’s Privacy** ResortPass will never knowingly request or collect personal information from any person under 13 years of age without prior verifiable parental consent. If you are under 13 years old, please do not provide your information on our website.   
If we become aware that an individual is under the age of 13 and has submitted any information to ResortPass for any purpose without prior verifiable parental consent, we will delete his or her information from our files. 

**Links** ResortPass may contain links to other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites. We encourage our users to read the privacy statements of each and every website they visit. This Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by us through ResortPass and does not apply to these third-party websites. The ability to access information of third parties from ResortPass, or links to other websites, is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such third parties, their products, their services, other websites or their content. 

**California Residents** California law entitles residents to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information we share with third parties for those entities direct marketing purposes. ResortPass does not provide any personal information to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes; provided, however, that ResortPass will provide your personal information to any hotels or resorts for which you purchase products and services for the hotel or resort’s use in connection with providing such products and services. If you want to request a notice or have any questions about ResortPass privacy practices, please contact us at info@ResortPass.co. 

**Access to Your Information** If you wish to (a) request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us; or (b) opt out of receiving marketing messages from ResortPass, please notify us by e-mail at info@ResortPass.co. Once you register on the website, you may also log into your account and update your personal information and settings. 

**Changes to this Privacy Policy** ResortPass may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change the Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here. As we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy. Please note that our rights to use any information collected will be based on the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used. If you do not accept our policies, you may not use this website.

If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us by e-mail at [info@ResortPass.com.](mailto:info@ResortPass.com)

Last Updated: April 20, 2016
