> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the resourcemagonline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-12-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20131227205441id_/http%3A//resourcemagonline.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Resource Magazine Privacy Policy | Resource Magazine

Remag, Inc., doing business as Resource Magazine (“our”, “us” or “we”) has created this privacy policy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy. This privacy policy forms part of our Website Conditions of Use (see above) and explains our data collection and use practices. By using or accessing the Website located at www.resourcemagonline.com (the “Website”), you signify your assent to our privacy policy. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE WEBSITE.

Personal and Non-Personal Information: When using the Website, you may be asked to provide, or you may choose to provide us with or upload, certain personally identifiable information about yourself (“Personal Information”), including but not limited to, your name, email address, physical address and telephone number.

We may also collect non-personally identifiable information, such as IP host address, pages viewed, browser type and other data, and may aggregate any information collected in a manner which does not identify any individual (“Aggregate Information”).

Information Usage: Unless disclosed otherwise at the time of collection, we do not share any Personal Information you submit through our Website with any unaffiliated third party, unless it is necessary to respond to your inquiry, or to comply with applicable law.

We may use Aggregate Information to improve and enhance the Website, analyze trends, administer the Website and for our market research activities. For example, we may share Aggregate Information with unaffiliated third parties, such as business partners, manufacturers, distributors and retailers, in an aggregate, anonymous form, which means that the shared information will not contain nor be linked to any Personal Information. We will never sell your Personal Information to any third party not affiliated with us without your consent except in connection with the sale or merger of our company or the division responsible for such services.

Please note that we reserve the right to access and/or disclose Personal Information and non-personal information we gather as required by courts or administrative agencies and to the extent required to permit us to investigate suspected fraud, harassment or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, the Website rules or policies, or the rights of third parties or to investigate any suspected conduct which we deem improper.

Cookies: “Cookies” are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer by a Website for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with that Website. Many Websites use cookies for these purposes. We may use cookies to customize your visit to the Website and for other purposes to make your visit more convenient or to enable us to enhance our service. You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or flush them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences, in which case you may still use our Website, but it may interfere with some of its functionality. We do not use cookies to retrieve Personal Information from your computer for purposes that are unrelated to the Website or your interaction with the Website.

Clickstream: As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each Website you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as “clickstream data” can be collected and stored by a Website’s server. Clickstream data can tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the Website from which you linked to the Website. We may collect and use clickstream data as a form of Aggregate Information to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on each page of our Website, how visitors navigate throughout the Website and how we may tailor our web pages to better meet the needs of visitors. This information may be used to improve our Website and our services. Any collection or use of clickstream data will be anonymous and aggregate, and will not intentionally contain any Personal Information.

Security: The security of your Personal Information is very important to us. We have put in place reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. However, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us, or information stored on the Website or our servers, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties such as hackers and your use of the Website demonstrates your assumption of this risk.

Other websites: Our Website may contain links to other Websites not maintained by us. Other Websites may also reference or link to our Website. We recommend that when you leave our Website you read the privacy statements of each Website that you visit. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other Websites.

You should be aware that Personal Information which you voluntarily include and transmit online may be viewed and used by others. In addition, Personal Information you post to chat rooms, message boards, blogs or other publicly accessible forums may be viewed and used by anyone with access to such forums.  We are unable to control such uses of your Personal Information, and by using such services you assume the risk that the Personal Information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties.

Changes to policy/Opt-Out Process: We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. However, if at any time in the future we plan to use Personal Information in a way that differs from this policy, we will post such changes here and provide you the opportunity to opt-out of such differing uses. Your continued use of the Website following the posting of any changes to this policy means you accept such changes.

If you receive an unwanted email from us, you can simply reply and ask not to receive future emails. We also give you the option to remove your Personal Information from our list of active users completely. All unsubscribe or opt-out requests should be sent to us at  **unsubscribe@resourcemagonline.com  **and we will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. We are not responsible for removing your Personal Information from the lists of any third party who has been provided your information in accordance with this policy, such as a business partner.

Communications with us: By providing your email address to us, you expressly consent to receive emails from us. We may use email to communicate with you, to send information that you have requested or to send information about other products or services developed or provided by us, provided that, we will not give your email address to another party to promote their products or services directly to you.

Contact: If you have any questions about this policy please contact: legal@resourcemagonline.com

This privacy policy is effective and was last updated on January 18, 2013.
