> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the responsivehealth.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150419002615id_/http%3A//www.responsivehealth.com/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Responsive Health - Privacy

_November 27, 2013_

This Web site, [http://www.responsivehealth.com](http://www.responsivehealth.com/)  is owned and operated by US Interactive Media. We at US Interactive Media (referred to as "US Interactive Media", "we", "us", or "our") recognize the importance of protecting the privacy of certain information ("information") collected about our customers and prospective customers (referred to as "customers", "you", "visitors" or "your"). This privacy policy, effective November 27th, 2013 discloses the privacy practices our collection, use, and disclosure of information.

## What Information Do We Collect and Why?

#### Personal and Non-Personally Identifiable Information

Personally Identifiable Information ("PII") is data about you that is personally identifiable; like your name, email address, credit card number or any other information that is not otherwise publicly available.

Non-Personally Identifiable Information ("NPII") data is collected by us or our Partners, and is used for the purpose of reporting, web traffic, statistics, advertisement 'click-thru's, online, retargeting and/or other activities on our Web site. NPII data collected by our Partners is for advertising purposes and is completely anonymous, and only includes information such as the Prospect's IP address, date and time of visit, domain type, and their activity on our Advertisers' and Partners' websites. None of this information, individually or grouped together, can be traced back to a specific individual. We or our Partners may use cookies, web beacons, and/or other monitoring technologies for the purposes stated above.

### Cookies & Anonymous User Information

We use a feature of Internet web browsers called "cookies". Cookies are generated by web servers and stored on your hard drive when you visit practically any Web site on the Internet. Cookies enable us to "remember" who you are, to store your user preferences to track user trends and search patterns in general. We or our Partners use cookies to improve the quality of the information, reporting, web traffic, statistics, advertisement 'click-thru's, online, retargeting and/or other activities on our Web site.

We do not and cannot use cookies to retrieve individual personally identifiable information about you from your computer unless you knowingly and willingly provided such information. The cookie technology we use cannot obtain information from your hard drive or pass on a computer virus.

You can adjust your web browser security settings to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you disable the use of cookies in your web browser, some features or services we offer at this Web site may not function properly.

We collect anonymous information about all of our Web site visitors each time they visit our Web site so that we can understand how people are using the Web site and so that we can improve upon the overall quality of our visitors' online experience. We record the date and time of your visit, the page you visited, your IP address, the Internet service provider you are using, referral data, the type of browser you are using and the type of operating system you are using. You do not have to register with us before we can collect this anonymous information. We do not collect any unique information about you (such as your name, email address, etc.) except when you specifically and knowingly provide such information. We do not require you to share information that identifies you personally, such as your name or email address in order for you to use our Web site. We analyze information we collect about our visitors to examine trends, administer the site, and to track our visitors' paths through the Web site.

### Web Beacons

Our Web pages contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used and may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.

### Flash LSOs

We use local storage objects (LSOs) to store content information and preferences [or – other uses].

Third Parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, use LSOs to collect and store information.

Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash LSOs please click here: <http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html>.

### Use of Internet Protocol ("IP") Addresses

An IP address is a unique number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are connected to the Internet. Technically speaking, your IP address could be used to reveal or be associated with your true identity. However, by law we do not have access to that information.

### Behavioral Targeting / Re-Targeting

We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites.  Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking [Here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).  Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.  You will continue to receive generic ads.

#### Aggregated General Information

## With Whom Do We Share Information and What Do We Share?

### Personally Identifiable Information

We only collect Personally Identifiable Information ("PII") that you provide to us when you request information about a particular product or service. Our websites provide users the opportunity to request information from Partners and clients, and to learn about various opportunities. These information request sites require users to provide us with contact information (name, address, phone number, email address, gender, age, work experience, etc.) as well as information specific to the product or service. We collect this information that you provide, and may use it to make your future requests from our websites easier by pre-populating contact forms with the information that you have provided. Information you provide to us is used for marketing purposes, and may result in follow-up communications from one of our partners or clients. Partners and clients have different methods of following up with your information requests based on the information you have provided. Methods of contact include but are not limited to mail, email, telephone and text messages. By using our service to request information from partners or clients, you are giving permission to our partners and clients (or their partners or vendors) to contact you using the method of their choice to meet your request for information notwithstanding any regulations or laws prohibiting specific methods.

### Updating your Personally Identifiable Information

Please note that users cannot update previously submitted information. If your information (such as your email address) should change, we ask that you re-submit a registration form or request.

We may on occasion combine information we receive online with outside records to enhance our ability to market to you those products and services that may be of interest to you. If you have signed up to receive our emails and prefer not to receive marketing information from this Web site, please follow the "unsubscribe" instructions provided on any marketing email you receive from this Web site.

### Disclosure of Information to Third Parties

We do not sell, trade, rent, or release your personally identifiable information to third parties in ways that are not disclosed in the privacy policy. If we were to ever do so, you will have the opportunity to Opt-Out beforehand.

We may provide your personally identifiable information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These companies are authorized to use your personally identifiable information only as necessary to provide these services to us.

Legal Disclaimer

  * We may also disclose your personally identifiable information:
  * as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process 
  * when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request,
  * if US Interactive Media is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personally identifiable information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personally identifiable information, 
  * to any other third party with your prior consent to do so.

  


### Information Security

We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. We restrict access to your personally identifying information to employees who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. Passwords are stored in encrypted format for increased security. When you enter your personally identifiable information on our Information Request Form, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). Our servers are protected by firewalls and are physically located in secure data facilities to further increase security. While no computer is 100% safe from outside attacks, we believe that the steps we have taken to protect your personally identifiable information dramatically reduces the likelihood of security problems to a level appropriate to the type of data involved.

#### Additional Notices and Disclosures

## Third Party Information Gathering

Our Web site may contain content and advertisements from third parties that may perform user activity tracking other than that described herein. These other sites may place their own cookies on your computer, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information. For more information about each third party content provider, cookies, and how to "opt-out", please refer to such third party advertiser's privacy policy. Our Web site may contain links to other websites on the Web. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy policies of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this Web site.

### Blogs

Our Web site may offer publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To request removal of your personally identifiable information from our blog or community forum, contact us at unsubscribe@usinteractivemedia.com.  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personally identifiable information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

### Correspondence

If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence and we may collect your email address.

### Newsletters

If we offer a newsletter and you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we may use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. Out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe.

### Collection of Third party Personally Identifiable Information

If you provide us personally identifiable information about others, or if others give us your information, we will only use that information for the specific reason for which it was provided to us.

### Customer Testimonials

We may post customer testimonials on our Web site which may contain personally identifiable information. We do obtain the customer's consent via email prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at unsubscribe@usinteractivemedia.com.

### Children's Privacy

This site is not intended for children. Children may only use this site with direct supervision of a parent or legal guardian. We do not knowingly request or collect personally identifiable information online or offline contact information from users under 13 years old and do not knowingly use or share personally identifiable information from users under 13 years old with third parties.

### Chat

We may use a chat feature to assist you with. If our chat feature is offline we will collect your name and email address so that we may reply to your request.

### Social Media Features

Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

### Changes to Privacy Policy

We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.

### Data Retention

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at unsubscribe@usinteractivemedia.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

### Your Acceptance of Our Privacy Policy

By using this Web site, you consent to the collection, storage, and dissemination of personal data as described above. If you do not agree with the terms, do not use the Web site.

#### Questions and Comments

Questions and comments about your privacy policy should be directed to info@usinteractivemedia.com or mailed to  
Privacy Officer, US Interactive Media  
2603 Main Street, Suite 850   
Irvine, CA 92614   

