> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the resumeon.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171204043139id_/http%3A//www.resumeon.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - ResumeON

Privacy Policy

It is important to resumeon.com that all persons who utilize visits and/or use our web site located at http://www.resumeon.com/ (the "Site") and all persons who subscribe and/or register to one of our services included our newsletter service and/or interactive services understand what information we collect and how we use it. resumeon.com operates in several capacities as a informative internet portal for our members, clients and visitor. In all of these capacities resumeon.com maintains several databases related to each service which we provide.

resumeon.com is committed to protecting your privacy in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to webmaster@resumeon.com.

In our capacity as an interactive internet portal for fashion and apparel world, we are required to collect information about you, including up-to-date, accurate and complete contact details. When you use one of our services with a form we ask for your full name, organization, country, e-mail address, and other relevant information to process your request. We may use this personally identifiable information to contact you about your members account or other matters relating to the service, such as to inform you about new features on our site. We may also use this personally identifiable information to send you our newsletter or e-mail messages regarding products or services we think you might be interested in. (See below for instructions on how you can "opt out" of our newsletter or these e-mail messages.) These communications are essential to our relationship with you and to our ability to provide you with quality products and services that are responsive to your needs. At the same time, these communications, and your responses to them, give us helpful insights about you, your preferences and the ways in which we might improve our services. We therefore may maintain this information for future use.

Like many other commercial web sites, our site employs a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how our site is used, such as which pages are the most frequently visited by our customers. "Cookies" are small pieces of electronic information that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies enable our systems to recognize your browser and provide personalized information and features such as pre-populated address forms and storage of selected items in your enquiry form between visits. Cookies are required for normal website functionality, and most web browsers automatically accept cookies, although you can usually change your browser to deactivate cookies by modifying your computer browser preferences. If you choose to deactivate cookies, please note that deactivation of cookies will sometimes hinder your ability to use the service. If any cookie contains personally identifying information, we protect our cookies with encryption technology. Through the use of cookies, we take note of whether and how you use the information and services that we provide, such as by recording site traffic patterns and by maintaining log files of your access to various parts of the Site. We may collect the information passed along by your web browser that references the web URL you linked from, the time, type of web browser being used, screen size, Internet speed of connection, the operating system/platform, and CPU speed. This information may be used to identify demographic trends and to provide information tailored to your interests.

Cookies may also be utilized by third parties who advertise or provide links on the Site. Due to the way the Internet technically operates, resumeon.com cannot control the data collection activities by such third-party advertisers or linked web sites. These companies may use information about your visit to this Web site and other sites, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other personal information), to serve ads to you on this site and other sites. In addition, we use clear gifs, or pixel tags, provided by third-party ad server, to help manage our online advertising. These clear gifs enable our ad serving company to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this site. This allows us to learn which banner ads bring users to our web site. The information we collect and share through this technology is not personally identifiable. You should contact these advertisers or web site operators if you have any questions about their use of the information they collect.

As the owners for resumeon.com web services, we compile and maintain a registration database that includes basic information about each client and/or member registered with us, including the full names, countries and e-mail addresses of individuals designated as points of contact for each requested service. Some of this information is provided by business partners or third party companies. Except as otherwise agreed, resumeon.com may use this registration database information in the same manner as information collected from our customers on the site.

The information we receive from or about you is stored on systems designed to prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of that information.

Transfer of ownership of our business or a part of our business. If our business or a part of our business is acquired, sold or transferred to another business, customer information may be a part of that acquisition, sale or transfer. If you do not want us to share personally identifiable information about you with our business partners or vendors, you may send us an e-mail at webmaster@resumeon.com. If you wish to be removed from our e-mail subscription list, you may "opt out" before registering any new service, or, if you forget, you can reply to the link at the bottom of an e-mail or newsletter you receive from us and request to be removed from the list. You may not opt out from having your personal information displayed in our "interactive area" database. Furthermore, some information is not completely removed from our databases because our systems are periodically backed-up.

By visiting, registering or using a service at http://www.resumeon.com/, you consent to the collection and use of information by through resumeon.com and resumeon.com web services in conformance with the most recently posted Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.

We share web site usage information about visitors to our website with a third party for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on this site and other sites. To do this, we use Web cookies, provided by our third-party ad server, on this site. The information we collect and share through this technology is not personally identifiable.

  * Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
  * Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
  * Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.



* * *
