> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the buy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170624053153id_/https%3A//www.rakuten.com/loc/privacy-policy/79085.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Rakuten.com

* What information does Rakuten.com collect from you?    
In order to better provide you with numerous products and services, Rakuten.com collects two types of information about its visitors: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Our primary goal in collecting information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience while using our site. 

_Personally Identifiable Information_   
Personally Identifiable Information is information that lets us know the specifics of who you are. We may collect Personally Identifiable Information when you register and set up an account, order a product or service, register for a Gift List, enter contests or sweepstakes, apply for the Rakuten.com branded credit card, fill out surveys, and send us feedback. For example, Personally Identifiable Information might include your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card or other payment information, and product details. With this information, Rakuten.com can fill your orders and better provide you with personalized services. For a few services, we may collect your Personally Identifiable Information on behalf of other merchants and share it with them. For example, on our Cellular Store, we may ask you for your social security number, driver's license number and date of birth and share that information with the third-party telephone service provider that you have selected. _If you visit one of the stores available through a link on our site, then you should be aware that they will independently collect, use and share your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with their own privacy policies._ If you have questions about their information practices, then please read their privacy policies. In many cases, you can find a link to their privacy policies on the page offering the Partners' services. 

_Non-Personally Identifiable Information_   
Non-Personally Identifiable Information refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. We gather certain information about you in several ways, based upon where you shop on our site. This information is compiled and analyzed on both a personal basis and an aggregated basis. For example, this information may include the Web site's Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") that you just came from, which URL you next go to, what browser you are using, and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. A URL is the global address of documents and other resources on the World Wide Web. An IP address is an identifier for a computer or device on a Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol ("TCP/IP") network, such as the World Wide Web. Networks like the Web use the TCP/IP protocol to route information based on the IP address of the destination. In other words, an IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the web, allowing web servers to locate and identify your computer. Computers require IP addresses in order for users to communicate on the Internet, browse and shop. 

On an aggregated basis, we collect anonymous data related to the pages, products, downloads and other content that is sampled, clicked on, streamed, searched for, transferred from and downloaded. Except as otherwise limited in this Policy, we may disclose, sell, trade, or rent Non-Personally Identifiable Information to others without your consent. 

* Where do we collect information from you and how do we use it?    
Our primary goal in collecting personal information is to provide Rakuten.com's visitors with a superior customized online experience. We use the customer contact information to fill orders, contact purchasers to inform them of their order status, to send promotional information, to enhance the operation of our site and administer our systems. 

Demographic data also may be collected at our site from third party advertising servers, content servers, or web site analysis agents who provide us with the zip code and area code associated with a visitor's server, along with pages viewed on our site. We review the actions of the Rakuten.com visitors on an aggregate basis to determine customers' preferences. Rakuten.com also does research on our visitors' demographics, interests, and pages that they viewed, based upon the information provided that they have provided to us during ordering, a promotion, from our server log files, from our web site analysis agents, or from contests, drawings or surveys. We will use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our site, to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site use, to improve our product offerings, and to customize our site's content, layout, and services. We receive reports from third party ad servers, content servers, or web site analysis agents that tell us how many ads were presented and clicked upon or what content was served or viewed. 

We may also share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties who provide services to us. Those third parties include authorized contractors, temporary employees and consultants and other companies working with us (collectively, "agents"). Those third parties will independently collect, use and share your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with their own privacy policies, and are not subject to this Privacy Policy. If you have questions about their information practices, then please read their privacy policies. Where we believe it to be appropriate (in our sole discretion), we will ask our agents not to disclose or use your personal information for purposes other than to provide services to you or Rakuten.com. 

We gather information in the following ways: 

_Shopping_   
We collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information from you while you are shopping on the Rakuten.com site. That Non-personally Identifiable Information may include IP addresses for the purposes of system administration, to gather broad demographic information, to enable ads to be served on our site, to report Non-Personally Identifiable Information to our advertisers, and to monitor the level of activity on our site. We collect this information from visitors to our site regarding the URLs they came from, domain types (e.g., .com or .org), their IP addresses, the date and time of their visit or order, the number of visits and orders, the number of visits per browsing session, the server type, the operating system and browser type used to come to the site, the country, state and telephone area code where their servers are located, the pages and page titles of our site that visitors viewed during their visit, whether the visitor's computer is enabled for Java or cookies, browser language, applications and plug-ins, and any search terms entered on our site. 

_Ordering_   
When you order from us, we collect Personally Identifiable Information from you. If you order one of our products or services, then we will collect and maintain your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, product selections, credit card or other payment information, order number, referring URL, IP address, page you bought from and a password. We collect this information, and other Personally Identifiable Information as disclosed in this Policy, in order to fill your order, to communicate with you about your order and to send you promotional materials. Before confirming your order, you will have the opportunity to review the product order form and make changes and additions to the information it contains and these changes will be automatically kept for future use. We may require additional verifications or information from you before accepting any order. 

_Gift Registry_   
If you decide to create a Gift List through our site, then we will collect Personally Identifiable Information about you. You will create an account where we will collect and use your name, e-mail address, credit card or other payment information, billing and shipping address, phone number, password and product preferences. This information is subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy except as explained here. Other site users will be able to search for your Gift List using your e-mail address, unless you choose not to make your Gift List searchable. Those who do have access to your Gift List will be able to see Personally Identifiable Information, including your name, e-mail address, city, state, and may also have access to other personal information and product information that you have entered into the Gift List. If others place orders for items on your Gift List, then they may have access to your address. We will use the product preferences that you include in your Gift List to inform you about offers that may be of interest to you. If you provide us with the e-mail addresses of your family and friends, then we will use their e-mail addresses to send them your Gift List if you instruct us to do so. With your permission, we will send them the Gift List using your e-mail address as the originating address. We will not use the e-mail addresses of your family and friends for any other purpose. 

_Gift Certificates_   
If you purchase a gift certificate from our site, then you will need to give us the recipient's name and e-mail address if you wish to send the certificate by e-mail. If you wish to send a certificate by regular mail, then you will need to give us the name, mailing information and phone number for the recipient. The recipient information you give us will only be used to send the gift certificate and for no other purpose. 

_Financing_   
You may apply for a Rakuten.com branded credit card on our site. The credit card is administered by a third party bank and Rakuten.com's privacy policy does not apply to any information that you provide to apply for the credit card or to purchases you make with that card. 

_Cellular Store Orders_   
On our Cellular Store, we may collect such Personally Identifiable Information as your social security number, driver's license, date of birth and other specific information on behalf of the cellular telephone service provider that you have selected. We also use a third party to fulfill your Cellular Store orders. We may use and transfer to our Cellular Store fulfillment partners and to the cellular telephone service provider such information together with your other Personally Identifiable Information as needed by them to fulfill any orders that you may place. The cellular telephone service providers may use and share that Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with their own privacy policies. Please review the privacy policy of your cellular telephone service provider to understand how your Personally Identifiable Information may be used and disclosed by that cellular telephone service provider. 

_Digital Downloads_   
When you order a download or a product from us we collect Personally Identifiable Information from you. We will collect and maintain Personally Identifiable Information such as your name, e-mail address, billing and shipping address, company name, company, home, facsimile and shipping contact telephone numbers, music selections, credit card or other payment information, order number, referring URL, IP address, page you bought from and a password. We collect this Personally Identifiable Information and other information as disclosed in this Policy in order to deliver the download, ship products to you, to pay royalties and license fees, to administer our site and to send you promotional materials. When you download a digital file or other digital content, there are broad but necessary limits placed by the owner of that digital content that may restrict how you copy, use and transfer that download to approved computers, electronic devices and media. In the future, those limits might be extended by the owner of the digital content in exchange for your agreement to allow use of your Personally Identifiable Information by that owner in creative ways (e.g. download a sponsor's screensaver to your cellphone or other electronic devices). 

_Online Surveys and Polling_   
In order to improve our services to you, we ask some of our customers to voluntarily complete surveys that may be collected by an independent third party. Individual survey answers are confidential although Non-Personally Identifiable Information is collected and disclosed to third parties. If you do not wish to participate in a survey, then you should simply decline to participate when asked. 

_Contests and Sweepstakes_   
When you enter a contest or other promotion, we may ask you for Personally Identifiable Information such as your name, address and e-mail address. We may request this Personally Identifiable Information in order to administer the contest, to send you promotional e-mails, notify winners or to make the winners' list publicly available pursuant to certain states' laws. Your consent to such promotional use and disclosure of this Personally Identifiable Information may be a condition of your participation. For example, as a condition of receiving any prize you are likely to be required to submit an Affidavit of Eligibility for us to ensure your eligibility to receive the prize according to the Contest Rules. 

_Newsletters, Promotional E-mails and Personalized On-line Ads_   
As a service to our customers, we offer free newsletters, such as promotional e-mails and personalized on-line advertisements. We will send you newsletters and e-mails periodically listing current specials and deals. You may "opt-out," or unsubscribe from our newsletters, emails or personalized on-line advertisements either by following any unsubscribe instructions contained in any e-mail, newsletter or personalized on-line advertisement that you receive from us, or by sending an e-mail to or by sending an e-mail to [optout@mail.rakuten.com](mailto:optout@mail.rakuten.com). Once you have opted out of receiving all newsletters, all promotional emails or all personalized on-line ads, then you will not receive any future promotional emails, newsletters or personalized on-line advertisements (as applicable) unless you then open a new account, enter a contest, or otherwise subsequently sign up to receive newsletters, emails or personalized on-line advertisements. **Please Note: If you agree to receive e-mails from any of our third party service providers or any third party merchants on our site, then you will receive e-mails separately from them and all information that you choose to disclose to them will be subject to their privacy policy. If you later decide that you no longer want to receive their e-mails, then you will need to follow their own specific opt-out instructions. Following the directions for opting out of disclosing Personally Identifiable Information to Rakuten.com will not opt you out of third party disclosures and their promotional emails.**

_Contact Information and Third Party Data_   
If you contact Rakuten.com or our customer service representatives by telephone, e-mail or letter, then we may keep a record of your correspondence or comments. If you report a problem with our site, then we may collect such information in a file specific to you. If you contact us through our feedback area or by calling one of our customer service representatives, then we may ask for your name, e-mail address and order information in order to send you a reply. If other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or purchases on our site, then we may keep the information in a file specific to you. The information collected about you in these cases may include your Personally Identifiable Information. 

_Customer Service_   
We use a third party to help us provide customer service. In order to help you most effectively, we provide them with your order information, which includes Personally Identifiable Information. 

_Warranty Information_   
Our warranty programs are administered and operated by third party warranty companies. When you purchase a warranty program from those third party warranty companies, we give them Personally Identifiable Information about you. This information may include your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, warranty purchased and information about the product purchased to the warranty company so that they can provide their service to you. 

_Affiliate Program_   
Our Affiliate Program (Affiliate Connection) is administered by a third party, on a third party's Web site. Any information about you that they collect is not governed by this Policy and they will independently collect, use and share your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you have questions about their information practices, then please read their privacy policies. 

_Advertising_   
We may display advertisements on our site, both our own advertisements and third party advertisements. By knowing a little about you and by using that Personally Identifiable Information, Rakuten.com is able to deliver more relevant advertisements and content to you in the form of targeted banners and promotions. For example, advertisers give us an advertisement and tell us the type of audience they want to reach. Rakuten.com takes the advertisement and includes it in a Rakuten.com e-mail to prior customers whose Personally Identifiable Information indicates that they meet that criterion. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to allow our advertising partners to assist us in delivering personalized on-line ads to you by using cookies while you are on the Internet. We also display third party advertising, where third-party servers display ads linked to certain search terms that you have entered or to certain pages that you are viewing. In this process, advertisers never have access to Personally Identifiable Information or to individual account information. Rakuten.com may share Non-personally Identifiable Information or aggregated data with advertisers. 

_Web Site Use_   
We also track customers' Personally Identifiable Information such as traffic patterns throughout their online session, including which pages, information and advertisements that a customer views while using the site and what items that they place in their basket or purchase. We use your Non-personally Identifiable Information such as your IP address to diagnose problems with our servers, software, to administer our site and to gather demographic information. We may share Non-personally Identifiable Information such as aggregated statistics about pages viewed on our site, sales and other shopping information with third parties. 

_Cookies_   
We use cookies and may allow others to use cookies in the operation of our site; those cookies may contain Personally Identifiable Information.  
Cookies are unique identifiers that we transfer to your device to enable our systems to recognize your device and to provide features such as recommendation, personalized advertisements, and storage of items in your shopping cart between visits.  
The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies, by changing the add-on's settings or visiting the Web site of its manufacturer. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of our essential features, we recommend that you leave them turned on. 

_Action Tags/Web Beacons_   
We may use and allow others to use action tags or web beacons in the operation of our site; those action tags or web beacons may contain Personally Identifiable Information. To find out what action tags and web beacons are and how they are used, click here. 

_Marketplace_   
As a buyer on the Rakuten.com Marketplace, we collect Personally Identifiable Information that is reasonably necessary for sellers to ship the products to you and to communicate with you regarding purchases and any issues that may arise in connection with your purchase. This Personally Identifiable Information includes your "ship to" information and your email address. As a seller on the Rakuten.com Marketplace, we collect Personally Identifiable Information that is reasonably necessary for buyers to communicate with you regarding the purchase and shipment of goods and services purchased from you and any issues that may arise in connection with their purchase. This Personally Identifiable Information includes the seller information provided during your marketplace registration and your email address. 

* Who is collecting your information?

_Ad Servers and Content Servers_   
We may use third party ad servers or content servers to serve ads, product information, or other information both on and off our site. Those third parties may use "action tags" or web beacons throughout the site to count the number of visitors who click on a banner ad or other information and to track the number of customers who continue on to make a purchase. They may also place their own "cookie" on your computer to help those ads to run, analyze site usage and to provide you with personalized on-line advertisements. With respect to personalized on-line ad serving, our third party ad server may collect your first name and/or a product group/category (chosen by Rakuten.com based on your personal preferences and/or prior purchase history e.g., electronics, books, dvds), which are used to serve you the most relevant personalized on-line ad. Except as set in the following sentence, we do not provide them with any of your Personally Identifiable Information. For more information about the information they collect, please see the section "Use of Cookies and Action Tags" below. To learn more about the information practices of the third party ad serving company used to serve ads on our site, [Click here](http://www.247realmedia.com/privacy.html). To learn more about the information practices of the third party ad serving company used to serve you personalized ads, [Click here](http://www.owneriq.com/privacy-policy.php). To opt-out of a third party targeted ad network program, [Click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp) and [Click here](http://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/fullnotice.mspx#EIG)

_Image Servers_   
We use a third party image serving company to serve the graphics that visitors see on our site more quickly. They collect a visitor's IP address and the URLs of any graphics viewed and the date and time of the visit. However, they do not collect and we do not provide them with any Personally Identifiable Information. They may also use a "cookie." To learn more about their information practices, [Click here](http://www.akamai.com/en/html/misc/privacy_policy.html). 

_Email Services_   
We use a third party to send promotional e-mails to customers. Images contained in the email may be served by the third party. They collect certain items of Non-personally Identifiable Information about you such as your IP address, browser type, your operating system, the country and server your computer is logged onto, where the servers that your computer is logged onto is located, the time and date that a particular email was viewed, the area code and zip code associated with your server, and whether you responded to a particular ad or email, products viewed and whether you continued on to make a purchase. They may use a "cookie" or "action tags." To learn more about their information practices, or to opt out of receiving their cookie, [click here.](http://www.doubleclick.com/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/default.asp?asp_object_1=&)

_Website Analysis Agent_   
We may contract with several online partners to help manage and optimize our Internet business and marketing. We use the services of marketing companies to help us measure the effectiveness of our advertising and how visitors use our site. To do this, we use Action Tags and cookies provided by the marketing companies on this site to collect Non-personally Identifiable Information. The type of information we collect includes things such as pages, product information and advertisements viewed as well as what items are placed in a shopping basket or purchased, the order number, the amount of a purchase, the product number and the quantity purchased. By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like what kinds of customers our site attracts, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. Although the marketing companies log the information coming from our site on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used. For more information, please see the section "Use of Cookies and Action Tags" below. 

_Financing Services_   
We use a third party bank to provide the Rakuten.com branded credit card and financing to those customers who desire it. The bank collects Personally Identifiable Information to provide their financing services. Any information about you that they collect is not governed by this Policy and they will independently collect, use and share your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with their own privacy policies. 

_Digital Downloads; Sampling and Streaming of Content_   
In addition to other disclosures as set forth in this Policy, we may make your Personally Identifiable Information contained in our customer records available to the licensors of such digital content and their outside auditing agents on a confidential basis as part of periodic audits of our download sales. We use a third party to allow you to sample/stream digital download samples on our site. That service collects Personally Identifiable Information including your IP address, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), platform type and a date/time stamp. They also use cookies. Any information about you that they collect is not governed by this Policy and they will independently collect, use and share your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you have questions about their information practices, then please read their privacy policies. 

_Cellular Store_   
We use a third party to fulfill your Cellular Store orders. We may use and transfer to our Cellular Store fulfillment partners and the cellular telephone service provider with your other Personally Identifiable Information as needed to fulfill any orders that you may place. The cellular telephone service providers may use and share that Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with their own privacy policies. Please review the privacy policy of your cellular telephone service provider to understand how such Personally Identifiable Information may be used and disclosed by such cellular telephone service provider. 

_General Order Fulfillment and Site Operations_   
We contract with BuyServices and other third-party service providers to operate many of our website functions. We may provide BuyServices and such other third-party service providers with your other Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with this Policy as may be needed to fulfill any orders that you may place. 

_Marketing Partners, Co-Branded Services, Framing/Windows on Third-Party Sites_   
We may run promotions for merchants where you may visit the merchants' sites. In some of those promotions, a window or frame containing the merchant's site may appear. Any time you are in a window, you should assume that your personal information is being collected, used and disclosed in accordance with that merchant's policies. Any information about you that they collect is not governed by this Policy and they will independently collect, use and share your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you have questions about their information practices, then please read their privacy policies. However, once you click on a return link to our site, you can expect that further information that you disclose will be treated in accordance with this Policy. 

On occasion, unaffiliated third parties will "frame" Rakuten.com's site in an effort to collect customer information. To ensure your privacy, make sure that your order originates from Rakuten.com's site. Any information about you that those unaffiliated third parties collect is not governed by this Policy and they will independently collect, use and share your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you have questions about their information practices, then please read their privacy policies. Rakuten.com is not in any manner responsible in the event that you do disclose information to an unaffiliated framing site. 

_Links and Banner Ads to Third-Party Sites_   
Please be aware that our site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those websites linking from or to our site are not covered by this Policy. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. Additionally, other companies or ad servers, which place advertising on our site may collect information about you through the use of cookies when you view or click on their advertising. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect. 

_Marketplace_   
As a buyer on the Rakuten.com Marketplace, sellers collect Personally Identifiable Information that is reasonably necessary for sellers to ship the products to you, to communicate with you regarding purchases and to communicate with you regarding any issues that may arise in connection with your purchase. This information includes your "ship to" information and your email address. As a seller on the Rakuten.com Marketplace, buyers collect Personally Identifiable Information that is reasonably necessary for buyers to communicate with you regarding the purchase and shipment of goods and services purchased from you and any issues that may arise in connection with their purchase. This information includes your seller information provided during your marketplace registration and your email address. In addition, as a seller on the Rakuten.com Marketplace, all visitors and potential buyers on the Site will be able to see and collect your basic "seller information", seller rating, buyer feedback of you and your seller email address. Our marketplace agreements and policies contain restrictions on a buyer's and seller's collection, use and disclosure of personal information obtained in connection with use of the marketplace. However, Rakuten.com cannot control any such collection, use and/or disclosure by buyers or sellers, and shall have no liability for any act or omission by a buyer or seller with respect to such information. 

* With whom do we share your information?

_Fulfillment_   
The information collected by us is used for processing orders, keeping you informed about your order status, for statistical purposes, for improving our site and its performance, to serve ads, and to notify you of products or special offers that may be of interest to you. We will disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties to charge your credit card, fill your order, deliver your order, provide customer service, provide you with credit and deliver promotional e-mails to you from Rakuten.com. For example, we must release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment; and release your address and telephone information to the delivery service to deliver products that you ordered. As mentioned previously, your Personally Identifiable Information is shared with our affiliate companies and our other third-party fulfillment partners and service providers, and with certain other merchants on our site. 

_Other Parties Generally_   
We may provide Non-Personally Identifiable Information about our customers' sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to third parties, but these statistics do not include any Personally Identifiable Information. We may release Personally Identifiable Information such as account information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our Terms of Use or to protect the rights, property, and safety of Rakuten.com, our users, or others. If customers do not pay us for products ordered, then we may submit their Personally Identifiable Information such as account information to a third party collection agency. We may also share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties who provide services to us, our customers and web site visitors. Those third parties include authorized contractors, temporary employees and consultants and other companies working with us (collectively, "agents"). Where we believe it to be appropriate (in our sole discretion), we will ask our agents not to disclose or use your personal information for purposes other than to provide services to you or Rakuten.com. 

_Products Advertised on Our Site_   
Where you order or sign up for goods or services offered through our site, but sold directly to you by a third party or fulfilled by a third party, we give your Personally Identifiable Information to that third party to facilitate the sale of such goods or services (e.g., our Cellular Store and any magazine offers available on our site). 

_Data Analysis Agents_   
The Personally Identifiable Information collected by or for Rakuten.com may be provided to an outside company for the purpose of analysis. That analysis is to help us to improve our site and product selection, and to notify you of special offers that may be of interest to you. That data analysis agent may not share any Personally Identifiable Information with others, or may not use it for any other purpose than to help Rakuten.com. 

_Ad & Content Servers, Advertisers, Image Servers and Website Analysis Agents_   
These third parties use their cookies' identification numbers and internal web site tracking features to serve ads on our site and to collect aggregated information to create statistics about our customers and visitors, traffic patterns, and related site information. In the event that our ad servers collect any Personally Identifiable Information on our behalf, it will not be used by them or disclosed to any third parties. To find out about the information practices of our image server, [click here](http://www.akamai.com/en/html/misc/privacy_policy.html). 

_Compliance with Service of Process or Law Enforcement_   
Occasionally Rakuten.com may be asked by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide Personally Identifiable Information to the appropriate governmental authorities. We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information upon receipt of a court order, subpoena, or to cooperate with a law enforcement investigation, without prior notice to you. We fully cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who use our services for illegal activities. We reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we believe to be unlawful. 

_Sweepstakes and Drawings_   
Where you enter a sweepstakes, drawing or other promotion, we may provide Personally Identifiable Information from your entry, including name, address, email address and age, to the company providing the prize or sponsoring the promotion. They may use your Personally Identifiable Information to send you marketing or promotional materials or other communications. 

_Marketplace_   
As a buyer on the Rakuten.com Marketplace, we share with sellers your Personally Identifiable Information that is reasonably necessary for sellers to ship the products to you and to communicate with you regarding purchases and any issues that may arise in connection with your purchase. This information includes your "ship to" information and your email address. As a seller on the Rakuten.com Marketplace, we share with buyers your Personally Identifiable Information that is reasonably necessary for buyers to communicate with you regarding the purchase and shipment of goods and services purchased from you and any issues that may arise in connection with their purchase. This information includes your seller information provided during your marketplace registration and your email address. In addition, as a seller on the Rakuten.com Marketplace, we share with all visitors and potential buyers on the Site your basic "seller information," seller rating, buyer feedback of you and your seller email address. 

_Sale of the Company_   
Rakuten.com and its affiliated companies (including without limitation BuyServices, Yub and BuyMusic) each reserve the right to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information in the event that any such company is sold, in whole or in part, either as an entire corporate entity or through an asset sale that includes a customer information database. This right is reserved whether or not the customer database is sold independently of any continuing operations of such company. 

_Your California Privacy Rights_   
California residents may request a list of certain third parties to which we have disclosed personally identifiable information about you for their own direct marketing purposes. You may make one request per calendar year. In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response. You may request this information in writing by contacting us at privacy@mail.rakuten.com. Please allow up to thirty (30) days for a response. 

* How can you update or correct your Personally Identifiable Information?    
We believe you should have the ability to access and edit the personal information that you have provided to us. During the online ordering process you can review, change, or delete the information that you have submitted. You may change any of your personal information in your account online at any time. We encourage you to promptly update your information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past purchases, you cannot delete information associated with past purchases. Also, as a security measure we "back up" the data stored on our systems, and such prior information cannot be completely removed from our databases. As a result, you should not expect that all of your Personally Identifiable Information will be completely removed from our backed-up databases. 
* What are your choices regarding collection, use, and distribution of your information?    
You may "opt-out," or unsubscribe from our newsletters, emails or personalized on-line advertisements by following any unsubscribe instructions in any e-mail, newsletter or personalized on-line advertisement you receive from us, or by sending an e-mail to [optout@mail.rakuten.com](mailto:optout@mail.rakuten.com). After doing so, if you have opted out of receiving all newsletters, all promotional emails or all personalized on-line ads, then you will not receive future promotional emails, newsletters or personalized on-line advertisements (as applicable), unless you open a new account, enter a contest, or otherwise subsequently sign up to receive newsletters, emails or personalized on-line advertisements. **Please Note: If you agree to receive e-mails from any of our third party service providers or any third party merchants on our site, you will receive e-mails separately from them, and information that you choose to disclose to them will be subject to their privacy policy. Any information about you that those third party service providers collect is not governed by this Policy and they will independently collect, use and share your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with their own privacy policies. If you have questions about their information practices, then please read their privacy policies. If you later decide that you no longer want to receive their e-mails, you will need to follow their own specific opt-out instructions. Opting out to "optout@Rakuten.com" as described above will not opt you out of promotional emails from third party service providers.**

Note regarding Ad-servers and other Content Servers: You may also set your browser so that it will not accept "cookies" to prevent assignment from the ad server of a unique identifier; however, you may experience difficulty shopping on our site and performing other transactions if you do so. 

* What security precautions are in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of your information?    
In order to most efficiently serve you, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third party banking, processing agents and distribution institutions. They receive the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process and ship your order. 

Within Rakuten.com, your information is kept on password protected, limited access servers. Wherever possible and applicable, Rakuten.com servers reside behind a corporate firewall that maintains controls on access to the system from both our internal network and the Internet. 

* What about children's privacy?    
You must be at least 18 years old to have our permission to use this site. Our policy is that we do not knowingly collect, use or disclose Personally Identifiable Information about visitors under 13 years of age. If you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age and believe that they have disclosed personally identifiable information to us, then please contact us at [privacy@mail.rakuten.com](mailto:privacy@mail.rakuten.com) so that we may delete the child's information. 
* What about “Do Not Track” signals?    
Our website does not respond to “Do Not Track” signals. There is currently no universally recognized standard for “Do Not Track” signals. The World Wide Web Consortium is still working towards establishing a uniform “Do Not Track” web browser mechanism. Accordingly, at this time, our website does not respond to any “Do Not Track” signals. 
* What about Rakuten.com and third-party use of "cookies" and "action tags?" 

_Rakuten.com Cookies:_ When you use our site we will store cookies on your computer in order to facilitate and customize your use of our site. A cookie is a small data text file, which a Web site stores on your computer's hard drive (if your Web browser permits) that can later be retrieved to identify you to Rakuten.com. Our cookies store Non-personally Identifiable Information such as randomly assigned user identification numbers, the country where you are located, and your first name to welcome you back to our site. The cookies make your use of the site easier, allow you to retrieve an earlier shopping cart, make the site run more smoothly and help us to maintain a secure site. You will be unable to shop on our site without your browser set to accept cookies. 

_Ad Server and Content Server Cookies:_ We may use an outside ad serving company or content server to display banner advertisements and other information on our site and other sites or to serve promotional emails or personalized on-line ads. As part of their service, they place a separate cookie on your computer. Except for the company that serves our promotional emails and the company that serves personalized on-line ads, Rakuten.com does not provide third-party ad servers with any of your Personally Identifiable Information. Rakuten.com and its third party ad servers do collect and use Non-Personally Identifiable Information about you, such as your IP address, browser type, the URLs from which you came, referring site's domain types (e.g., .com), operating system, the country, the server your computer is logged onto, where the servers that your computer is logged onto is located, the pages of our site and products that visitors viewed during their visit, where an ad was placed on a specific web site page, the time and date particular ads were served, the area code and zip code associated with your server and whether you responded to a particular ad, and a receipt identifier. If you would like to know more about the information gathering practices of the company that sends our promotional emails, then please [click here](http://www.doubleclick.com/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/default.asp?asp_object_1=&). 

_Personalized On-line Ad Serving:_ We may provide the company that serves our personalized on-line ads with Personally Identifiable Information such as your first name and/or with a product group/category (chosen by Rakuten.com based on your personal preferences and/or prior purchase history e.g., electronics, books, DVDs), which are used to serve you the most relevant personalized on-line ad. The unique identifier included within the cookie placed tells the ad serving company to serve you a personalized on-line ad when you visit the site of a participating web site within the network. The foregoing Personally Identifiable Information is not disclosed to the participating web sites. 

Our third-party ad servers will occasionally use outside agents, whose computers will serve ads on our site in the same manner and under the same conditions as above. In addition, other ad serving companies or advertisers may place banner ads on our site in the same manner as above, but accept as disclosed in this policy we do not disclose to them any Personally Identifiable Information. 

_Image Server Cookies:_ As part of the ad-serving process, a third party may serve graphics upon our site. In order to customize their service, they may also place a cookie upon your computer. While Rakuten.com does not control their use of that cookie, no Personally Identifiable or individual customers' product information is collected. To see our image server's privacy policy, [click here](http://www.akamai.com/en/html/misc/privacy_policy.html). 

_Website Analysis Agent Cookies:_ We may use a third party to analyze what our visitors find to be most interesting on our site. To do that, they will place a cookie on your computer with a randomly assigned unique number in order to track the pages that you view on our site, along with other Non-Personally Identifiable Information. 

_Action Tags, Web Beacons and other Data Collection Methods:_ An action tag or a web-beacon (also known as a clear gif or a pixel tag) is a method used to track responses or actions by customers who view certain advertisements or other information on our site. Action tags are 1x1 pixel images embedded in a website page that are used to transparently collect information. Our ad server, content servers, affiliate program manager and website analysis agents may use action tags to count the number of times that visitors click on a particular banner ad or visit the pages of our site and to provide information about what products are viewed or purchased. Without collecting any Personally Identifiable Information, they use that data to tell us (and other advertisers) which ads are the most effective on particular sites. Our ad server, content server, affiliate program manager and website analysis agents may use an action tag on our basket page, checkout page, and other pages, to keep anonymous track of the number of times that clicking on a banner ad or views other information on our site results in a purchase. They also collect Non-personally Identifiable Information such as the amount of the purchase, order confirmation number, stock keeping unit number, quantity and identity of product purchased. 

_E-mail Distributor's Use of Action Tags:_ Our third-party e-mail distributor may also use action tags. They may, for example, keep track of when a promotional e-mail is opened and provide Rakuten.com with ongoing aggregated reports of how many customers have responded. We share with them Personally Identifiable Information such as web site usage information about visitors to our web site who have received a promotional e-mail or other targeted promotional campaign. They use the information for the purpose of targeting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. For this purpose, we and our third-party e-mail distributor note some of the pages you visit on our web site through the use of action tags. For more information about our third-party e-mail distributor's use of action tags and other data collection methods, please [click here](http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy/privacy/email/default.asp?asp_object_1=&). 

* Why should I carefully review privacy policies of any third party sites accessible from Rakuten.com?    
Any information about you that those unaffiliated third parties collect is not governed by this Policy and they will independently collect, use and share your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with their own privacy policies, data collection use and disclosure practices. If you have questions about their information practices, then please read their privacy policies. Rakuten.com is not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. Please be aware that this site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. The information practices of those web sites linked to Rakuten.com are not covered by this Privacy Policy. These other sites may send their own cookies to users, collect data, or solicit personal information. Additionally, other companies that place advertising on our site may collect information about you when you view or click on their advertising through the use of cookies. We cannot control this collection of information. You should contact these advertisers directly if you have any questions about their use of the information that they collect. 

On behalf of various sponsors, Rakuten.com provides sponsored links to third-party web sites. If you click on a sponsored link or banner ad, a "window" or "frame" containing a third-party's web site may appear in the foreground with the Rakuten.com web site in the background. Unless you are on Rakuten.com's web site, any time that you have moved to a window, you should assume that your personal information is being collected, used and disclosed in accordance with the windowed site's privacy policy (if any). If you are unsure as to whose privacy policy applies, please contact us by sending a letter to the address below. 

* How do I contact Rakuten.com about privacy questions or concerns?    
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, then please contact Rakuten.com by sending a letter to: 

> Attn: Privacy Compliance Officer  
>  Buy.Com, Inc.  
>  85 Enterprise  
>  Aliso Viejo, CA 92656  
>  949-389-2000  
> 

* How can this Privacy Policy be changed?    
This Privacy Policy was last changed on January 31, 2014. If Rakuten.com makes changes to any terms or conditions of the Privacy Policy, then the changes will be posted in this document so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and to whom we will disclose it. We may change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy at any time, and any changes will become effective immediately upon being posted unless we tell you otherwise. 
* Global ID Account    
Global ID Account enables you to access to other websites and services operated by Rakuten, Inc. and its group companies listed below. As of July 21, 2014, all new accounts created at Rakuten.com will be associated with the Global ID Account. 

_What information will be shared?_   
With Global ID, your username and password will be shared. 

_Entities employing Global ID (“GlobalID Site”)_   


**REGION** |  **URL** |  **GROUP COMPANY**  
---|---|---  
EU  |  rakuten.es  |  Rakuten Spain   
EU  |  wuaki.tv  |  Wuaki   
EU  |  rakuten.co.uk  |  Play.com   
EU  |  rakuten.de  |  Rakuten Germany   
EU  |  viber.com  |  Viber   
EU  |  priceminister.com  |  Priceminister S.A.S.   
Americas  |  rakuten.com  |  Buy.com   
Americas  |  rakuten.com.br  |  Rakuten Brazil   
Americas  |  kobo.com  |  Kobo Inc.   
Americas  |  thegrommet.com  |  The Grommet   
Americas  |  rakutenloyalty.com  |  Rakuten Loyalty   
APAC  |  rakuten.co.id  |  PT. Rakuten Belanja Online   
APAC  |  rakuten.com.my  |  Rakuten Malaysia Sdn. Bhd.   
APAC  |  rakuten.com.tw  |  Taiwan Rakuten Ichiba, Inc.   
APAC  |  rakuten.com.sg  |  Rakuten Asia Pte. Ltd.   
  
_How your Username and Password is used?_   
When you open a Global ID account, your username and password will be stored in one of the following Rakuten Data Centers. Once stored, all Data Centers will synchronize the Global ID data. When you access to the GlobalID Site for the first time, the GlobalID Site will access to the closest Data Center, and authenticate the username and password you entered in the GlobalID Site. 

_Data Centers_   
USA Data Center – Rakuten USA, Inc.   
Japan Data Center – Rakuten, Inc.   
European Data Center – Rakuten Europe Inc.   

