> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the buytrends.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141121090408id_/http%3A//www.buytrends.com/security-privacy-i-8.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Security & Privacy - BuyTrends.com

**Collection of personal data**  
BuyTrends works to ensure that your privacy is protected when using our services. We therefore have a policy setting out how your personal data will be processed and protected. Any changes we have made to this privacy policy can be found by visiting us online. We take responsibility for all the personal data (such as your name, address, email address, phone number, date of birth, etc.) that you provide us with, that we obtain when you subscribe to our newsletter or when you create a personal profile at BuyTrends.com. The Chinese parent company BuyTrends, is responsible for your personal data under the Chinese Data Protection (CDP) regulation. Your personal details are maintained in China and processed within the BuyTrends.

**How do we use your personal data?**  
We use the information that we collect to fulfill our commitments to you and to provide you with the service that you expect. This includes sending you information and offers for marketing purposes. In order to provide you with relevant offers and information, we may analyze your personal data. We will only keep your data for as long as necessary to carry out our services to you or for as long as we are required by law. After this your personal data will be deleted. You have the right to request information about the personal data we hold on you. If your data is incorrect, incomplete or irrelevant, you can ask to have the information corrected or removed. We never pass on, sell or swap your data to third parties for marketing purposes outside the BuyTrends. If you have any questions regarding your personal details, please feel free to contact us under "Contact Us".

**Cookies**  
A cookie is a small text file that is saved to, and, during subsequent visits, retrieved from your computer or mobile device. BuyTrends uses cookies to enhance and simplify your visit. We do not use cookies to store personal information or to disclose information to third parties. There are two types of cookies; permanent and temporary (session cookies). Permanent cookies are stored as a file on your computer or mobile device for no longer than 12 months. Session cookies are stored temporarily and disappear when you close your browser session. We use permanent cookies to store your choice of start page and to store your details if you select "Remember me" when you sign in. We use session cookies when you use the product filtration function and to check if you are logged in. You can easily erase cookies from your computer or mobile device using your browser. For instructions on how to handle and delete cookies please look under "Help" in your browser. You can choose to disable cookies, or to receive a notification each time a new cookie is sent to your computer or mobile device.  
Please note that if you choose to disable cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of all our features.

**Security**  
BuyTrends has implemented a number of security measures to ensure that our internal procedures comply with the security standards required in accordance with applicable data protection law. BuyTrends always strives to protect your personal data in the best possible way.

The content of this website is copyright-protected and is the property of BuyTrends.
