> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the buywebtraffics.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-04-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150421004526id_/http%3A//buywebtraffics.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | BuyWebTraffics

[Buy Web Traffic](http://buywebtraffics.com/ "Buy Web Traffic") is web facility that monetizes the unsold traffic of the customer by the use of its exemplary super inventories in order to maximize the former’s revenues. We ensure the eradication of all the probable nitty gritty hurdles in between the transaction which could call for losses or any dilly dallying in the course of action whatsoever. Whenever a customer steps into the web world to make any kind of transaction, virtual dealings as some people call it, they share personal information and data with the aforesaid interface, the privacy policy here for web traffic provides for an explanation for the following queries:

  * What type of information does buy web traffic collects? 
  * How do we use the information?
  * What are the steps undertaken to observe the visitor’s to one’s website? 
  * Who all can access it beside them? 
  * What are the security procedures undertaken if misuse of data occurs? How to make up for the losses? 
  * What happens if the privacy protocols have are altered? 



Well there’s always a preferred solution for all of them. To provide for the answers in a convincing way is the focus of this article.  
To begin with, whenever a customer visits the website [www.buywebtraffic.com](http://buywebtraffics.com/ "Buy Web Traffics") and wishes to use the services been provided by it, they explore their options and are bound to fill up a complete order form for placing the order, when they do so they are further required to give their contact information, such as name, email address, cell phone numbers, residential address etc. Protection of the same details is the prime focus of our privacy policy. It covers the net treatment of personally identifiable information that is collected by the company from its users whilst the goods and services are exchanged between the two. This policy also safeguards any personally identifiable information that business partner’s contribute to the company’s database.  
Note: People or firms that directly choose to interact with our company are the only ones who fall into the ambit of privacy policies. The company could not be hold responsible for all those who it does not employ or manage. 

Coming to answer inquisitiveness as to how we use the information, well you might have heard a feature of your browser called cookie that assigns identification to one’s computer. We use our own exclusive cookie based tracking system to track affiliated sales and revenues and hence control the tracking activities of both buywebtraffic and other co-branded websites. The cookie of user’s browser comes with a unique user ID, which enables us to automatically identify the computer (not the individual) to our servers every time they pay a visit to it. These are further tallied and co related with our identity information in our log files to find out the identity of the user.

The IP address also helps to gather broad demographic information about the location the user resides in, along with its internet service provider. There is an option to turn off the cookie feature in the browser if you want to though utilizing some of the facilities thereafter can be a snag. Coming next we log browser types, access times, URL’s via which customers visit the site or further navigate to through us. Except as otherwise stated in the Privacy policy, we do not disclose such information to third parties. 

This brings us to our next bullet point! With whom does BuyWebTraffic share this information’s with? Well All those people who perform and carry out function behind the scenes on our behalf are confided with the user’s detail (For instance 2checkout.com or PayPal). These access the input details to process and verify your credit card information in order for us to bill you for the requested services. They are strictly abided by a code to use it only for the purpose for which it in provided for in the first place.

BuyWebTraffic acts as a reseller for products and services offered on its site or co-branded sites. Any sharing in between them takes place only as a direct result of a transaction involving the purchase or free trail of the respective co-branded products or services. Hence all in all the website in itself takes all the precautionary measures to safeguard the user’s details, it’s only under unique circumstances such as intervention on behalf of law courts when they are entitled with the right to disclose it. 

In case the privacy of the user is jeopardized, the website takes quick and immediate actions to mend what went wrong in the first place. It is ensured that when users submit their information online via the Website (sensitive information’s such as credit card number, account number etc), the procedure is protected both offline and online by the use of best encryption software on the industry- SSL. The details entered are encrypted and hence protected with a high security level. Access of the same are strictly confined to our workplace, only employees who are assigned up with the job that requires the processing of these details can deal with it. A thorough training is provided by the company to each newbie and old employees about security and privacy practices from time to time, to add verisimilitude the servers of our company which store these information’s are kept in a secure environment behind a firewall.

In case we ever feel the need to make some amendments in the above mentioned Privacy policy, all our users will be immediately informed about it through our sites and electronic mails. Every single detail about the new one will be provided to keep your posted on our working, thus maintaining the transparency in the system. Users thereafter will have a choice as to whether or not they want us to use their information. If you don’t want to, a simple deactivation of deletion will free you from the process. 
