> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 2000greetings.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061222094253id_/http%3A//www.2000greetings.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

 

  
2000Greetings.com does not track the activity of their visitors. We do have third party advertisers that collect information through the check boxes on our send forms.  If you uncheck the boxes you will not receive information from that company. We send out a Fun Newsletter periodically to inform our members of new greeting cards that have been added. To add or remove yourself from our newsletter please go to our homepage and look at the bottom of the page. If you have questions or concerns about unsubscribing please email us at 

We use a technology nicknamed "cookies" on our web site. Cookies are pieces of information or data sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies to make your visit to our web site easier. For example, cookies allow us to recognize you when you re-enter our web site so that you will not have to fill out the send form every time you send a card. Cookies are also used to save your address book attached to the send form. If you decide to clean your cookies your address book will be reset.

2000Greetings.com INCLUDES THE SENDER IP ADDRESS IN THE HEADER INFORMATION OF EACH ECARD NOTIFICATION E-MAIL IT SENDS. IT IS AVAILABLE TO THE ECARD RECIPIENT AND ANYONE ELSE WHO IS FORWARDED THE NOTIFICATION E-MAIL. THIS LIMITS YOUR ABILITY TO COMMUNICATE ANONYMOUSLY USING ELECTRONIC ECARDS. ELECTRONIC ECARDS ARE NEITHER INTENDED NOR APPROPRIATE FOR ANONYMOUS COMMUNICATIONS.

If you selected to receive our newsletter and special offers from our partner you will periodically get email with special offers from a third party, If you sent a greeting card and did not uncheck the box you can simply unsubscribe from any mailing that you receive

Our sites frequently displays banner advertisements generated by other companies and links to other sites.  2000Greetings.com can not be held responsible for the usefulness or content of other sites listed on 2000Greetings.com.  Some Greeting Cards may not be suitable for children, it is ultimately the responsibility of parents to monitor their children's Internet usage. 

  
2000Greetings  
256-2545 Hilliard Rome Rd.  
Hilliard, Ohio 43026  
Contact us @    
 
