> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the loewshotels.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090619022745id_/http%3A//www.loewshotels.com/en/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

#### Information We Collect and How We Use It

General
    We only collect personally identifiable information on a voluntary basis. We do not require that you provide this information to access our sites, and we do not require you to disclose more information than is reasonably needed to participate in an activity on our sites. We collect personally identifiable information primarily to send email updates and news, enter promotions and notify subsequent winners, send brochures, etc., via regular mail to subscribers, and respond to your questions or suggestions.
    We do not sell any information we gather on our Websites to anyone outside of Loews Hotels, Inc., and its affiliates, without prior consent, except (1) in cases where we believe in good faith that we have a legal obligation to disclose such information, and (2) to certain suppliers that assist Loews Hotels, Inc., and its affiliates, in maintaining and managing the activities on its Website. Please be assured that these suppliers are legally obligated to maintain the confidentiality of this information and do not acquire the rights to use your information for their own benefit.
    We may share non-identifiable aggregate information about our users (for example, the % of male and female visitors to our sites) with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties in an effort to customize or enhance the content and advertising on our sites for our users.
    We do reserve the right, in connection with the potential sale or transfer of the interests of Loews Hotels, Inc., and its subsidiaries and affiliates, to sell or transfer your information (including but not limited to your address, name, age, gender, zip code, state, and country of residency and other information that you provide through other communications) to a third party entity that (1) concentrates its business in a similar practice or service, (2) agrees to be Loews Hotels, Inc. successor in interest with regard to the maintenance and protection of the information collected, and (3) agrees to the obligations of this privacy policy.
Cookies
    Loews Hotels, Inc. may use "cookies" to enhance your experience on our sites. The cookies used by Loews Hotels, Inc. do not contain any personally identifiable information and cannot profile your system or collect information from your hard drive. You are not identified by name or email address, but rather by a string of numbers that we assign the first time you visit our site.
Security
    We employ appropriate security measures to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of information under our control. For our loewshotels.com site, we employ Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input, as an additional security measure. However, as no online data transmission can be guaranteed totally secure, we (like all Websites) cannot warrant 100% security of any information you transmit to us on our Websites.
Links to other sites
    Neither Loews Hotels, Inc., nor any of its affiliates, shall have any responsibility of nature whatsoever for other Websites linked to this site, or any information contained thereon, none of which has been verified or endorsed by either Loews Hotels, Inc. or any of its affiliates.
Contact us
    If you have any questions or concerns about our Privacy Policy or your dealings with this Website, please [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/web/20090619022745id_/http%3A//www.loewshotels.com/en/ContactUs.aspx).
