> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the shtfpreparedness.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-08-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170821075510id_/http%3A//www.shtfpreparedness.com/privacy-communications-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy and Communications Policy - SHTF Prepping & Homesteading Central

## **This Privacy and Communications Policy (“Policy”) is effective as of** **Aug** **ust 1st, 2017.**

This Policy sets forth how SHTFPREPAREDNESS, INC., a PENNSYLVANIA CORPORATION (“we” or “us”), collects and uses the information you provide to us and certain other information that we automatically collect through your access and use of WWW.SHTFPREPAREDNESS.COM (“Website”), which we operate. **YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT BY USING ANY PORTION OF THIS WEBSITE OR ANY SERVICES OFFERED ON THIS WEBSITE, OR ANY MOBILE APPLICATION WE OFFER, SUCH USE SHALL INDICATE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND THAT YOU AGREE TO OUR COLLECTION AND USE OF THE INFORMATION PROVIDED BY YOU OR AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED BY US, AS SET FORTH IN THIS POLICY.**

If you have any general questions or concerns about this Policy, you may contact us by sending an email with your questions, comments or concerns to **admin@shtfpreparedness.com**.

## **MODIFICATIONS TO THIS POLICY**

If we decide at any time to change this Policy, we will revise the effective revision date posted at the top of this Policy and we will also notify you by posting a notice of the change prominently on our home page and/or upon the next time you access this Website. **Failure to opt-out after receiving notice and following the opt-out instructions contained in the notice shall be deemed to be your assent to any such changes.**

## **HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL INFORMATION**

There are a variety of ways in which you may submit certain personal information (personally identifiable information) on this Website. We collect the following specific items of personal information (collectively “Identity Information”) that you submit through your use of this Website:and your email address.

We may ask our visitors for their email addresses and sometimes for their first and last names in order to provide any newsletters or other materials they have signed up to receive through this Website, from time to time. When you provide this information to us, we collect and store this information and use it as specifically set forth in this Policy.

When you provide any Identity Information through any form contained on this Website in order to contact us or send us a message, we collect and store this information. We may use your email or any other Identity Information you provide as expressly set forth in this Policy.

## **Personal Information from Children Under 13**

Children under the age of 13 are expressly prohibited from submitting or posting any Identity Information on this Website. If it does come to our attention that any child under the age of 13 has submitted any personal information to this Website, we will delete all such information that we have collected immediately. If you are a parent or guardian and you discover that your child under the age of 13 has submitted any of his or her Identity Information without your permission or consent, we will remove the information immediately upon your request. **All requests should be made by email and sent to admin@shtfpreparedness.com**. Please include your child’s name and a description of the type of information you think he or she may have submitted to this Website.

## **HOW WE AUTOMATICALLY COLLECT NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION**

When you access our Website, we collect and store certain non-personally identifying information sent automatically by your browser using standard web server logs and automatic data collection tools such as cookies and web beacons. This information may include your IP address, which may tell us your general location information such as your country and sometimes your city, state and/or zip code, the domain name from which you access our Website, your browser type and language, the pages you access, the date and time you access pages on our Website and your operating system version. We also may determine what technology is available through your browser in order to provide you with the most appropriate version of any of our web pages. For example, we may determine that you have installed a version of Flash, and we will then send you the appropriate Flash version of the web page rather than an HTML page. We may also use this information to redirect you to a different version of our Website if you are accessing our Website through a mobile or similar device.

### **Device-Specific Information**

We may automatically collect device-specific information about your mobile and other devices such as the type of device you are using, any unique device identifiers, mobile network information including phone numbers, device model, manufacturer, screen resolution, device capabilities, service provider, preferred user language and your page views. We do this to help us determine which aspects of the website work best for mobile traffic and which mobile marketing campaigns work best for the business, including mobile advertising, mobile search marketing, text campaigns, and desktop promotion of mobile sites and services.

### **Automatic Data Collection Through Cookies & Other Tools**

We may monitor your use of this Website through server logs, cookies, web beacons and other “automatic data collection tools” when you use and access our Website. We use automatic data collection tools to track and record your Website use and activity data, including the pages you view and how long you spend on each page or portion of our Website, the links you click on, the features of this Website you access, whether you are a new vs. repeat visitor or in order to monitor your interactions with any video or other content that you access on this Website (“Use Information”). This is done primarily for website traffic and general user analysis purposes. We also do this to help measure and research the effectiveness of the features contained on this Website. We also use cookies to customize the products and promotions we display to you based on your previous interests and purchase habits and past purchase history. We may also use clear gifs (imbedded web beacons) to understand whether users read email messages or newsletters and/or click on links contained within those messages or newsletters so that we can deliver relevant content or product offers. Through the use of unique identifiers contained in the URL of the web beacons, we are able to record the exact time that you read our emails, as well as your IP address from tor proxy server. Some emails and web pages may refer to content on another server rather than including the content directly. Requests to the server to send the additional content typically includes the IP address of the requesting computer, the time the content was requested, the type of web browser that made the request and the existence of cookies previously set by that server, which may be linked to a unique tracking “token”.

Both session cookies, which do not stay on your browser after you exit this Website, and persistent cookies, which remain on your computer until you delete them or they expire, may be used by us. **We reserve the right to monitor your use of this Website through the use of any automatic data collection tools at all times and you consent to our use of these tools when you use and access our Website**. You can elect to turn off all cookies and web beacons through your browser settings. However, if you elect to do so, there may be some features of our Website that will not be available to you and some of our Website pages may not display properly.

### **Google** **Analytics Services**

We may use third party web analytics services, such as Google Analytics, in order to collect information about your use of this Website. We pass a “first party” cookie onto your browser directly from our Website when we use Google Analytics. You may opt-out of Google Analytics by using Google’s Browser Add-on at <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>.

### **Third-Party Cookies**

Third parties may pass cookies directly onto your browser when you use this Website **(“third party cookies”)** as disclosed below. These third party providers may also transfer this information to other third parties by law or in order to help provide their services to us. All information collected directly by use of any third party cookies is non-Identity Information and relates only to how you use and interact with this Website. The use of third party cookies is not covered by our privacy policy and we do not have access or control over these cookies. We use third-party cookies as follows:

#### **A. Advertising Partners & Interest-Based Ads**

We allow our advertising partners and ad services to collect certain Information related to ads displayed on this Website, including the pages you visit, which links you click, which ads you see and click on, the categories of search terms you enter, etc. This is done through the use of third-party cookies, web beacons, and other technologies placed on your browser by our third-party ad partners in order to understand your interests and deliver targeted advertisements to you from third-parties that are relevant to your interests. In addition, we may work with third parties to help us track the ads that are delivered to you and to analyze the effectiveness of advertising on our Website. Our advertising partners include Media.net, PubGalaxy, RevContent, Content.Ad, Amazon CPM, and BuySellAds.com. The information practices of our advertising partners are not covered under this Policy and we have no access or control over their use of cookies and other tracking and data collection practices. By submitting any requested information, you affirmatively consent to have that information shared with these third parties. You should read the privacy policy contained on the website of any third party seller of any ad shown to you on this Website before you provide any information to that party. You agree that we shall not, under any circumstances, have any liability to you for any damages of any kind whatsoever for the manner in which any such third parties use or disclose any personal, billing or other information you provide voluntarily, or that is collected by those websites, through your access or use of this Website. Any companies that are members of the National Advertising Initiative (NAI) offer a single location to opt out of receiving targeted ads from members on <http://optout.networkadvertising.org/>. In addition, the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) member advertising associations have developed an industry self-regulatory program to give you control over ads that are customized based on their online behavior across different websites. Please visit <http://www.aboutads.info/consumers> to opt-out and learn more.

#### **B. Google AdSense & DART cookies**

We participate in Google AdSense and may use “DART” cookies in order to serve you relevant ads on our Website through Google’s DoubleClick advertising, which places a third-party cookie on your browser. When you visit any third-party websites using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements), this cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests. Google’s use of the DART third-party cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on previous visits to the site and other sites. Google uses such cookies to remember your most recent searches, your previous interactions with an advertiser’s ads or search results, and your visits to an advertiser’s website. This helps us to show you customized ads on Google. These ads will be targeted based on your previous browsing history across other websites participating in Google’s DoubleClick advertising. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all sites using this advertising by visiting http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/dart_adserving.aspx.

#### **C. Facebook Ad Conversion Tracking**

We may use the Facebook Pixel to track whether or not you have clicked on any of our Facebook ads we run from time to time and to track any associated actions you make on our website, including which Facebook ad led to a conversion. Facebook “Custom Audiences” allows us to target our Facebook ads to you and re-market to you based on certain activities you perform on our Website. We may optimize our Facebook ads and automatically show ads to our visitors most likely to make conversions. The Facebook pixel also allows us to send your data to Facebook to match your website actions with you as a Facebook user when you view or click any of our Facebook ads. We report and optimize our Facebook ads for more conversions and we pass unique identifiers such as your email and phone number that we collect from you during your actions on our Website (such as logging-in, registering for an account or checking-out). Whenever you load a page containing a Facebook pixel, the pixel tells Facebook that a conversion event occurred.

### **Managing Cookies**

Many web browsers automatically accept cookies, but most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies (both first-party and third-party cookies), how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. Be sure to check your browser settings for more information. If you choose to disable cookies, please note that some parts of our website may not function as effectively, or may be considerably slower. Please visit [http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0042-cookies-leaving-trail-web](https://www.consumer.ftc.gov/articles/0042-online-tracking) to learn more information about cookies. You can also visit [http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/) to learn more about managing cookies.

### **Linking (Bundling) Your Website Use Information**

We do not combine or link your Identity Information with any Website Use Information or any other information we automatically collect from you.

## **HOW WE USE YOUR INFORMATION**

We use your e-mail address in connection with Google Feedburner in order to send you a daily update with links to newly published articles relevant to our content. **You can opt-out of receiving any emails from us at any time by sending an email to admin@shtfpreparedness.com and requesting to opt-out of receiving such communications.**

### **Service Providers**

We use third party service providers to provide services and/or products to us necessary for hosting or operating this Website, and/or necessary for providing email services and similar services to our users. In the course of providing these services and/or products to us, such third parties may sometimes have limited access to information collected on this Website, including some of your Identity Information. This limited access is incidental to the services being provided by such third parties and no permission or consent is granted by us for any third party provider to use or disclose this information in any manner whatsoever other than as necessary to provide the applicable service to us.

### **Do We Sell Your Identity Information?**

We make every effort to respect your privacy and we will never sell, license or disclose any of your Identity Information, by itself or bundled with any Use Information or other information you provide or that we collect to any third parties for any purpose not expressly set forth in this Policy without your express written consent. We only share or disclose any Identity Information or other information collected from You as expressly set forth in this Policy.

### **Social Media Features and Widgets**

We may also provide access to services or features on our Website that enables you to share information with certain social networks and interact with us on our social media fan pages or other social media platforms that we may utilize. This may include the Facebook “Like” or share buttons or the Facebook “Comments” feature, social media “follow-us” buttons, etc., all of which are administered via third-party applications or scripts that run on our Website. (For example, Facebook will attempt to track your use on our Website by placing Javascript code through the “like” button and that piece of code then allows Facebook to run a script on your browser which can set cookies and make more tracking requests). Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you by these third-party social media websites. This may include collection of your IP address, tracking your use on our Website and other third-party websites containing the same social media features, including the pages you visit, duration, time, etc., through the use of a cookie or other unique identifier placed on your browser by such third-parties. Your interactions with these social media features are governed by the privacy policy of the party that provides the specific feature or application. You should carefully review the privacy policies and settings on those specific social media sites. In addition, these standalone plugins that integrate into our website may also communicate with an external server controlled by the plugin provider as part of their service. We shall, under no circumstances, have any liability to you whatsoever for the information collection and use/disclosure practices of any such third party that has provided or made available any social media feature or application that you use on our Website.

### **Your California Privacy Rights**

California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request once per year certain information regarding our disclosure of their personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes that we share during the immediately preceding calendar year. If You are a California resident and desire to make such a request, please contact **admin@shtfpreparedness.com**. Please include the words “California Privacy Disclosure Request” in the subject line.

### **Third-Party Privacy Practices Disclaimer**

You may be given the opportunity through this Website to purchase or obtain more information regarding certain content, products or services that are sold by third parties by clicking on any advertisements or other third party links contained on this Website. By submitting any requested information, you affirmatively consent to have that information shared with these third parties. Any information used by any third party sellers may be subject to a different set of practices than those described under this Policy and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of any of such third party sellers. You should read the privacy policy contained on the website of any third party seller before you provide any information to that party. You agree that we shall not, under any circumstances, have any liability to you for any damages of any kind whatsoever for the manner in which any such third parties use or disclose any personal, billing or other information you provide voluntarily, or that is collected by those websites, through your access or use of this Website.

### **Required Disclosures**

We may disclose certain Identity information if: i) requested via a subpoena, court order, or local, state, federal or international law enforcement request to release any such information; or ii) in order to investigate and help prevent security threats, fraud or other malicious activity; or iii) to protect our rights or protect our property, or any or the rights of our customers or other third parties.

### **Communications**

When you visit this Website or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. You agree that all agreements, notices and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. If you send us an email communication, call us or send a written correspondence for any reason, we may create a file and store your email and other Identity Information specific to you. We generally will maintain a record and keep notes of all communications with you. All messages transmitted by you on this Website or to us shall not be treated as confidential and shall be deemed to be accessible to the general public. You should not transmit any communications or correspondences to us that you intend only the intended recipient(s) read. **Notice is hereby given that all messages or electronic data transmitted onto this Website can and may be read by us, regardless of whether we are the intended recipient of any such message(s).**

## **GENERAL INFORMATION**

### **Information Storage And International Transfer**

Any Identity information and all other information which we collect on this Website will be stored and processed in our servers located in the United States. If you reside outside the United States, you consent to the collection, transfer, storage and processing of any information from your country to the United States.

### **How to Update, Change or View Your Personally Identifiable Information**

If you would like to request any changes or updates to any Identity Information you have provided to us, or if you would like to view any information we have collected from your use of this Website, please contact us and request the same by sending an email to: **admin@shtfpreparedness.com**. Please include the words “Personal Information Request.” If you make any information requests, we will require that you provide proof of your identity, which may include providing us with a copy of a driver’s license, social security card and/or birth certificate. We also reserve the right to require that you sign and provide us with a notarized affidavit verifying your identity before we update or release any information to you.

### **Successors**

Upon any acquisition, merger, sale or other change of control of our business/organization, we reserve the right to transfer any Identity information you have submitted to this Website as part of the property owned by us to our successor resulting from such merger, acquisition, sale, etc. In the event of our bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership, or assignment for the benefit of creditors, or the application of laws or equitable principles affecting creditors’ rights generally, We reserve the right to transfer your Identity Information to protect any of the our rights or as required by law.
