> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ezlinks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-03-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170301061916id_/https%3A//www.teeoff.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | TeeOff.com

**PRIVACY POLICY  
LAST UPDATED: September 2016**

**Your privacy is important to us and we undertake to respect and honor your concerns about maintaining best privacy practices.**

This Privacy Policy applies to information collected via the "EZLinks Properties", including TeeOff.com and all other websites, applications, online services, and other interactive features or downloads that are operated by EZLinks Golf LLC ("EZLinks") and that post a link to this Privacy Policy, whether accessed via computer, mobile device or otherwise. This Privacy Policy also covers information collected by EZLinks offline. This Privacy Policy explains our information collection practices, such as the types of information we collect and how we may use that information. Please review this Privacy Policy carefully. In addition, please review the TeeOff [Terms of Use](https://www.teeoff.com/terms-and-conditions), which governs your use of the EZLinks Properties. **By visiting and/or using the EZLink Properties, you consent to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.**

  We primarily use the information we collect through the EZLinks Properties to help you book tee times and purchase products through the EZLinks Properties and to communicate with you regarding news, special offers and other information.

  We may share the information we collect through the EZLinks Properties with our vendors and partners, including marketing partners and the golf courses at which you reserve tee times using the EZLinks Properties. We may also share information about you for legal and business reasons.

  The EZLinks Properties may contain content served by third parties, including videos and advertisements, and we work with third party service providers to serve EZLinks advertisements elsewhere online. In connection with serving content and providing analytics and advertising services, third parties may collect certain information about your visits to this or other websites and we may receive information regarding the use of the EZLinks Properties and the effectiveness of our advertisements. These advertising networks, advertisers, ad agencies, analytics service providers and other vendors may set and access their own tracking devices (including cookies and web beacons) and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you and your online browsing activities.

  Lastly, our services are general audience services and are not intended for individuals younger than the age of 16. We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from individuals younger than the age of 16. If EZLinks discovers that it has inadvertently collected Personal Information (as defined below) from anyone younger than the age of 16, it will delete that information. In addition, you must be at least 18 years of age to make a purchase through the EZLinks Properties.

  **INFORMATION COLLECTION**  
**1\. Registration and Other Information You Provide**  
The EZLinks Properties may collect "Personal Information" (information that identifies you as a specific individual, including without limitation, your full name or email address), account information (password or other information that helps us confirm that it is you accessing your account) and demographic or other information (such as your zip code and information about your interests and preferences). We will also collect certain payment information if you choose to purchase products or services through the EZLinks Properties. We may also collect information, including Personal Information, about other members of your golfing party which you may submit to us when you use the EZLinks Properties. If we combine demographic or similar information with the Personal Information we collect, we will treat it as Personal Information under this Privacy Policy.

  **2\. Information Third Parties Provide About You**  
We may receive information about you from third parties. For example, someone may provide information about you in order to reserve a golf tee time on your behalf or to send you information or a gift card through the EZLinks Properties. We may combine this information in our database and we may use it to contact you about a reserved tee time or other product purchased for you, or to offer you products or services, or for similar purposes. Third parties also may forward your information to us; for example, if you are using a service that uses the EZLinks Properties or an EZLinks application program interface (API) to present available golf tee times. If we combine the information we receive from others with information we collect through the EZLinks Properties, we will apply this Privacy Policy to the combined information.

  **3\. Social Media/Integration with Third Party Properties**  
The EZLinks Properties may permit you to interact with a third party site or service. If you choose to interact with another site via any of the EZLInks Properties (e.g., sharing content or otherwise posting information from or via the EZLinks Properties to a third party site or service), that information may be publicly displayed, and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of the EZLinks Properties. Similarly, if you interact with us through a third party site, we may have access to information about you (for example, if you "like" or "follow" our page on a third party site).

  When you choose to interact with a third party site or service, that third party may collect information about your visits to the EZLinks Properties and may publish that activity to your profile or similar feature on that third party site (such as if you choose to share one of your golf course reviews from the EZLinks Properties with your connections on the third party site). The information collected and stored by the third party remains subject to the third party's privacy practices, including whether the third party continues to share information with us, the types of information shared, and your choices with regard to what is visible to others on that third party site.

  **4\. Public Forums and User Content**  
The EZLinks Properties may provide features through which you can publicly post content (comments, golf scores, messages, images, videos, text or other material). Note that anything you post publicly may be viewed by others. If you choose to voluntarily disclose Personal Information or other information publicly, that information will be considered public information and the protections of this Privacy Policy will not apply.

  **5\. Information We Collect Automatically**  
EZLinks, and our third party service providers (including analytics providers and third party content providers), may automatically collect certain "Usage Information" whenever you visit or interact with the EZLinks Properties. "Usage Information" typically includes the browser and operating system you may be using, the URL or advertisement that referred you to the EZLinks Properties (if applicable), the search terms you entered into a search engine that lead you to the EZLinks Properties (if applicable), all of the areas within the EZLinks Properties that you visit, and the time of day you used the EZLinks Properties, among other information relating to your use of the EZLinks Properties. We may use Usage Information for a variety of purposes, including analyzing and improving the EZLinks Properties and products, to provide special offers, and to select appropriate content to display to you.

  In addition, we automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier ("Device Identifier") for any computer, mobile phone or tablet, or other device you may use to access the EZLinks Properties. A Device Identifier is a number that is automatically assigned or connected to the device you use to access a Service, and our servers identify your device by its Device Identifier. We may collect information about your mobile device, including, for example, the hardware model, operating system and version, software, preferred language, advertising identifiers, serial number, device motion information, and mobile network information.  Some mobile service providers may also provide us or our third party service providers with information regarding the physical location of the device used to access a Service (i.e., GPS information). Usage Information is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we treat it as Personal Information.

  **6\. Cookies and Similar Technologies**  
Please visit EZLinks’ Cookie Policy for a description of the manner in which we deploy and use cookie technology across the EZLinks Properties.

  **HOW WE USE INFORMATION ABOUT YOU**  
We use information about you, including Personal Information and Usage Information, to: (1) process a transaction, including the purchase or reservation of a golf tee time or your registration with the EZLinks Properties, including verifying information you provide is active and valid; (2) allow you to participate in features we offer or to provide related customer service (for example, to respond to your questions, complaints or comments); (3) tailor content, recommendations and offers we display to you; (4) send you information regarding EZLinks or information from us relating to a third party; (5) improve the EZLinks Properties and develop new features; (6) contact you with regard to your use of the EZLinks Properties including, in our discretion, changes to our policies; and (7) as described in this Privacy Policy and for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or otherwise with your consent.

  **INFORMATION SHARING**  
We reserve the right to share non-Personal Information, such as aggregate user statistics, demographic information and Usage Information with third parties, including advertisers, content providers, and analytics providers. We may share the Personal Information we collect through the EZLinks Properties with our subsidiaries and affiliates, and our vendors and partners, including marketing alliance partners and the golf courses at which you - or a friend on your behalf - reserve tee times using the EZLinks Properties. In addition, we also may share the information described above in connection with a business transfer, such as to another company that may purchase all or substantially all of the assets we use to provide the EZLinks Properties to you (this includes disclosure during the due diligence process).  We may share both Personal and non-Personal Information for legal reasons, such as in response to a subpoena or when required by law, to defend our rights or to protect the personal safety, rights, property or security of any organization or individual, or in response to a written request from law enforcement regarding an investigation into criminal activity that may have occurred through or in any way using the EZLinks Properties. We may also provide information to defend against any assertion of breach of our Terms of Use or other policies applicable to the EZLinks Properties or to a claimed owner of intellectual property who claims that content you provided infringes on their rights. We may use Device Identifiers, including IP addresses, to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, Internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies in our discretion.

  **UPDATING YOUR ACCOUNT**  
You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us. You may review and update the information you have provided to us through your account on the EZLinks Properties. We will make good faith efforts to make requested changes in our then active databases. If you make changes, information may persist internally for administrative purposes and that residual data may remain on backup media or for other reasons. Note, however, that if you have made any public postings on or through the EZLinks Properties, those posts usually will not be removed.

  **OPTING-OUT**  
You may opt out of receiving marketing emails by following the opt-out instructions provided to you in those emails. Please note that we reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to your account or use of the EZLinks Properties (for example, administrative and service announcements) and these transactional account messages may be unaffected if you opt-out from marketing communications. If you sign up to receive SMS or MMS messages that may be offered on the EZLinks Properties, you may unsubscribe from any text messages received by replying "STOP."

  **SECURITY**  
We take commercially reasonable security measures to protect the Personal Information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. For example, when you enter certain Personal Information, such as a credit card number and CCV2 number on our checkout forms, that information is encrypted using secure socket layer (SSL) technology, to help protect the communications between you and our payment partners. However, no method of electronic transmission or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you submit and you do so at your own initiative and risk.

  **CONSENT TO TRANSFER**  
EZLinks is a United States company. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that, subject to applicable laws and regulations, information we collect will be transferred to and processed in the United States. By using any of the EZLinks Properties, or providing us with any information, you fully understand and consent to this transfer, processing and storage of your information in the United States.

  **CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY**  
We may update this Privacy Policy at any time and any changes will be effective upon posting. In the event that there are material changes to the way we treat your Personal Information, we will provide notice through the EZLinks Properties. We may also notify you by email. However, we will use your Personal Information in a manner consistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time you submitted the information, unless you consent to the new or revised policy.  Your continued use of the EZLinks Properties after such notice constitutes your consent to the changes.

  **CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS - YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS**  
Under California Civil Code Section 1798.83, California residents who provide us personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family, or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us one time per calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year.  To obtain this information from us, please send an email message to legal@ezlinks.com or to the following mailing address: ATTN: Legal Department, 401 S LaSalle Street, Suite 302, Chicago, IL 60605. You must put the statement "Your California Privacy Rights" in the subject field of your email or include it in your writing if you choose to write to us at the designated mailing address. You must include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. We will provide the requested information to you at your mailing address, or at our option, your email address in response. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.

  **CONTACT US**  
If you have questions or comments about this privacy policy, you can contact us by: sending an email to privacy@ezlinks.com, by calling our customer service number at 855.383.3633, or by writing us at EZLinks Golf LLC, 401 S LaSalle Street, Suite 302, Chicago, IL  60605.
