> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the xtendmedia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120615170742id_/http%3A//www.matomymedia.com/about/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Matomy Media

Xtend Global Media G.M. Ltd. (the “ **Company** ” or “ **We** “) is committed to protect the privacy of its users. This Privacy Policy Statement (the “ **Privacy Policy** “) explains the types of information We gather and/or process directly or on behalf of our, advertisers and publishers who use our services (our “ **Clients** “).

**COLLECTING PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION**  
“ **Personally Identifiable Information** ” means any information obtained by us directly or on behalf of our Clients in connection with your use of our services which might reasonably be used to specifically identify you and may include, among other, your name, title, company, address, email. To the extent Personally Identifiable Information has been collected from you, you acknowledge such collection is done on a voluntary basis to enable the Company to provide you efficient access to features, functions, promotions, products and services.

In addition, We collect information from you for the purpose of opening an account, billing payment and payment instruments from you for products and services you order or purchase from the Company.

**NON-PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
We automatically, directly or on behalf of our Clients in connection with your use of our services, collect non-personal information such as IP addresses during your access and use of the Site to help diagnose problems with our server, and to identify ways of making our Site better. This information is not linked to anything personal.

**USE OF DIGITAL IDENTIFIERS**  
A digital identifier is information that a site puts on your hard disk so that it can remember something about you at a later time (more technically, it is information for future use that is stored by the server on the client side of a client/server communication, such as “cookies”). We automatically use ‘digital identifiers’ for tracking transactions, identification, security and the user characteristics as set forth herein. No Personally Identifiable Information is collected by use of digital identifier and We use the information collected through the use of such digital identifier to analyze trends, track movements and transactions, retargeting and behavioral targeting for example, in providing you with advertisements that are more relevant to your interests and in order to gather aggregate demographic information and to produce statistical analysis and reports for our benefit and for the benefit of our Clients (collectively the “ **Non PII Purposes** “).

In addition We use various third party ad serving technology to serve ads (. As part of the ad delivery process, the third party ad serving party may a digital identifier on your browser and use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites to track how many people have seen it. These digital identifiers cannot be used to identify an individual; they can only be used for Non PII Purposes.

**HOW DO WE USE THE COLLECTED INFORMATION**  
We use the information collected by us or provided to us by the Client, as well as data that we collect on behalf of the Client, only for Non PII Purposes and do not include any Personally Identifiable Information.

**HOE DO WE STORE THE INFORMATION COLLECTED BY US**  
All information collected by us or that that is provided by our Clients is stored in a database unique to each Client or website as may be applicable. We do not share data between or among our Clients.

**OPT OUT**  
If you would like to disable the digital identifiers used by us or “third party” please follow the instructions detailed at <http://xtendmedia.com/opt-out> Should you wish to disable the digital identifiers generated by advertisers or providers of targeted advertising services, you can turn them off by going to the third party’s website provided such sites have instructions on how to do this or disable such digital identifiers manually in your browser.

**SECURITY**  
We employ industry standard security measures to ensure the security of all data. Any data that is stored on our servers is treated as proprietary and confidential and is not available to the public. We maintain an internal security policy with respect to the confidentiality of your data, allowing access only to those employees or third parties who have a need to know such information. While We take measures to protect your information, please know that (i) no computer system is immune from intrusion; and (ii) information transmitted to the Site may need to pass through many systems in order to process such information. Therefore, We cannot guarantee the absolute security or confidentiality of information held by us.

**INFORMATION SHARING**  
We may use the collected Personally Identifiable Information and non-personal information for any legally permissible purpose in our sole discretion, including but not limited to those detailed below:

* We may share information We collect or provided to us with affiliated companies and Clients, for use in their ad serving and marketing programs as aforesaid on an individual basis with each Client and without sharing data and information between or among our various different Clients.
* We may share your information with various third party vendors that are not part of the Company.
* We may use third party service providers to enhance our database with additional elements of our services. **THIRD PARTY LINKS**  
Other websites have their own terms of use and privacy and security policies. If you choose to visit or interact with any such sites, you should review the policies that govern that particular site. We assume no liability for the policies of any such site. 

**PERMITTED DISCLOSURES**  
Other than as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise specifically communicated to you by Company, Company does not provide information supplied by users to any third parties, except where law, court order, or governmental authority requires or based upon the good faith belief that disclosure is necessary including, without limitation, to protect the rights of Company when we have reason to believe that disclosing the information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing interference with our rights or causing harm to third parties.

**REVISION**  
Company may alter, update or otherwise change this Privacy Policy at any time to reflect material changes in the way Company uses your information. Any such changes will be posted on this page. You should periodically check this Privacy Policy to review the current terms and guidelines applicable to your use. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of such changes will indicate your full acceptance of those changes.

**UPDATING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION**  
At any time, you can access and correct your personal information and privacy preferences by sending an e-mail to displayEmail() [info@xtendmedia.com](mailto:info@xtendmedia.com). To the extent permissible under the applicable law, you may occasionally receive e-mail messages from us as described in Section 1 above. If you would prefer not to receive these messages you may opt out by following the instructions within the e-mail message or by contacting us.  **ISRAELI LAW REQUIRES PRIOR APPROVAL TO EMAIL SPAMMING.**

**CONTACT US**  
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please send an e-mail to displayEmail()[info@xtendmedia.com](mailto:info@xtendmedia.com). If you believe that we have not complied with this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information or you have other related inquiries or concerns, you may write to Company at the following address:  
YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE OVER PRIVACY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, AS WELL AS THE GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS BETWEEN YOU AND THE COMPANY AND THIS SITE (INCLUDING LIMITATIONS ON DAMAGES).

**EFFECTIVE DATE:**

This privacy policy is effective and was last updated on March 10, 2010
