> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the valueclickmedia.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061223224727id_/http%3A//www.valueclickmedia.com/privacy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ValueClick Media - Privacy Statement

| [Member Privacy Statement](https://web.archive.org/web/20061223224727id_/http%3A//www.valueclickmedia.com/member_privacy.shtml) | [Opt-Out Cookie](http://admin.valueclickmedia.com/optout/index.html) |

ValueClick Media is committed to earning your trust and confidence. To better protect privacy, we provide this notice explaining our online technology and information collection practices. Our policy for members of our network may be found here.

**CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS: YOUR PRIVACY RIGHTS  
**Effective January 1, 2005, companies that collect personally identifiable information (PII) from California residents and disclose such information to third parties (including affiliated entities) for marketing purposes must, in response to a request by a consumer, either (1) provide a list detailing the categories of information shared and the entities to which such information was provided or (2) provide a mechanism by which a consumer may opt-out of having their information shared with third parties. We have elected the second option and you may request that your PII not be shared with third parties by sending your request, including your full name, email address and postal address to: ValueClick Media, Attn: SB 27 Officer, 30699 Russell Ranch Road Suite 250, Westlake Village, CA 91361. 

**Information Collection  
**When you respond to a ValueClick Media advertisement or visit one of our sites, you may be asked to provide PII (e.g. name, address, telephone number, and email address) as well as non-personally identifiable information (e.g., age or gender). The nature of the information requested will vary depending on the promotion and/or product involved.

As part of our on-going efforts to ensure the best possible experience for all recipients of ValueClick Media advertising, we use cookies and web beacons to collect data from browsers to aggregate statistical information. This includes IP addresses, browser types, operating systems, domain names, access dates and times, and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of ValueClick Media.

"Web beacons" are tiny colorless image files placed in a web page, which are served by ValueClick Media and counted when served. Web beacons are used to track the completion of transactions and submittal of applications.

"Cookies" are files that the Internet browser places on your computer's hard drive. Cookies are used to improve the experience web users have when they see web advertisements. Cookies are not viruses and cannot erase your hard drive or otherwise damage your computer. Cookies are used to ensure that when a web user clicks on an ad, they are sent to the correct click-through destination. They are also used by our reporting system to estimate the total reach of an ad campaign, as well as frequency of display. This allows advertisers to determine with greater accuracy the composition of the audience they reach. Cookies are also used to control the delivery of a series of ads to a web browser, and to limit the number of times a web browser receives any one advertisement.

There are many misconceptions about cookies and web beacons, some of which we will try to clarify. Cookies and web beacons do not tell us an e-mail address or any other personally identifiable information. ValueClick Media does not and cannot use cookies or web beacons to retrieve personal information from your computer. It is worth noting that the threat management chief for a leading anti-virus/anti-spyware program has publicly stated that cookies were "harmless".

Web users have the option of blocking the use of cookies by changing a setting in their browser. Please see your browser supplier's website for details on how to do this.

Advertisements delivered by ValueClick Media may let you gain access to other sites. The linked sites are not under the control of ValueClick Media. ValueClick Media does not assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, products, services and content of linked sites. Visitors should consult the other sites' privacy notices as we have no control over information that is submitted to, or collected by, these third parties.

**Information Use**   
ValueClick Media and/or our marketing partners may enhance and/or merge PII about consumers who have opted-in to receive marketing communications with commercially-available third party data collected from other sources in an effort to ensure that the messages being sent to the consumer in online and/or offline marketing programs are relevant to their interests and to improve customer service. In the event we enhance and/or merge such personally identifiable information with data collected from other sources, we will take reasonable steps to maintain the integrity and quality of that information.

ValueClick Media may share PII (including information that has been enhanced with information from other sources) with advertisers, third party marketers and our affiliated entities for their online and/or offline marketing programs or in connection with the sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial asset, reorganization or liquidation of any ValueClick company. We also may share PII with vendors, administrative service providers, technology providers, and carefully selected partners for data validation, enhancement, information verification and suppression services, and, to the extent permitted by law, individual reference or look-up services. While ValueClick Media strongly encourages clients and partners to adopt responsible approaches to online marketing, ValueClick Media is not responsible for the information practices of clients or their partners. The collection, use, and disclosure of information by clients and partners are subject to their respective privacy policies, which may differ from this policy.

ValueClick Media may release account and any other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to respond to a subpoena or otherwise comply with the law; enforce or apply our Terms and Conditions and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of ValueClick Media or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and investigation.

**Network Advertising Initiative  
**ValueClick, Inc. is a member of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI"). The NAI is a group of third party network advertisers committed to increasing consumer confidence and contributing to the growth of electronic commerce. We, along with other members of the NAI, are committed to providing consumers with a clear explanation of what data we collect, how we use them, and why the use of data can benefit consumers' experience online. For more information about the Network Advertising Alliance please go to [www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/).

**Data Processing/Safe Harbor**  
The European Union ("EU") maintains strict privacy laws. These rules differ significantly from US laws. To reconcile these differences, the US and the EU have created a Safe Harbor that defines mutually acceptable privacy operations. ValueClick, Inc. adheres to the Safe Harbor principals. For more information see [  
www.export.gov/safeharbor](http://www.export.gov/safeharbor). 

By providing information to us, you acknowledge that we operate in the United States and agree to (i) permit us to transmit and use your user information anywhere necessary, including across international boundaries, to affect the services and transactions provided by ValueClick Media; and (ii) that such use by us shall be subject to the terms and conditions stated in this Privacy Statement and applicable Terms and Conditions and Policies.

ValueClick Media employs industry standard security measures to ensure the security of all data. Any data that is stored on our servers is treated as proprietary and confidential and is not available to the public. ValueClick Media also encrypts sensitive information such as passwords and financial data. ValueClick Media has an internal security policy with respect to the confidentiality of customer and other data, allowing access only to those employees or third parties who have a need to know such information for the purpose of effectively delivering our products and services by means of user login and password requirements. ValueClick Media routinely evaluates its data security practices to identify security threats or opportunities for improvement.

No transmission of data over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of ValueClick Media to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect your PII, ValueClick Media cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. You acknowledge and assume this risk when communicating with a ValueClick Media company.

**Miscellaneous**   
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTE OVER PRIVACY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND APPLICABLE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. You also agree that you have provided notice to, and obtained consent from, any third party individuals whose personal data you supply to us with regard to: (a) the purposes for which such third party's personal data has been collected; (b) the intended recipients or categories of recipients of the third party's personal data; (c) which of the third party's data are obligatory and which data, if any, are voluntary; and (d) how the third party can access and, if necessary, rectify the data held about them. It is the express will of the parties that this agreement and all related documents have been drawn up in English. C'est la volonté expresse des parties que la présente convention ainsi que les documents qui s'y rattachent soient rédigés en anglais.

**Contacting ValueClick Media**   
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of ValueClick Media, or your dealings with ValueClick Media, please email us at [privacy@valueclick.com](mailto:privacy@valueclick.com) or you can send correspondence to the following address: ValueClick Media, Privacy Officer, 30699 Russell Ranch Road, Suite 250, Westlake Village, CA 91362.
