> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the attendify.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130606022159id_/http%3A//attendify.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Attendify | Privacy Policy

KitApps, Inc. (“KitApps”, “we” or “us”) doing business as (DBA) Attendify (“Attendify”) provide a platform allowing you, our clients (“KitApps’ Clients”) to create and manage mobile or web applications (“App” or “Apps”) as well as related hosting and support services (“Services”) using [ http://kitapps.com](http://kitapps.com/) or [ http://attendify.com](http://attendify.com/) (“Site”). This document is KitApps’ Privacy Policy which provides information on our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from (1) KitApps’ Clients, (2) End Users who download and use the Apps created by KitApps’ Clients (“End Users”), and (3) visitors who simply browse the Site (“Visitors”). 

This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You can read the latest version of this Privacy Policy at any time by visiting: [ http://attendify.com/privacy](http://attendify.com/privacy). You agree to use the Service at your own risk and subject to the terms set forth below, violation of any of the terms below will result in the termination of your Account. 

As utilized in this policy, the terms “using” and “processing” information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally. 

## (1) KitApps’ Clients

  * If you are a KitApps Customer, when you register with KitApps via our Site to create and manage Apps, we will ask you for personally identifiable information, such as your first and last name, company name, email address, billing address, and credit card information. We use this personal information mainly to provide the Services and contact KitApps Clients regarding account activities, new version and product offerings, or other communications relevant to the Services. 
  * In addition, we may collect information related to interactions of End Users with your Apps as described in part (2) below. 
  * We do not sell any personally identifiable information of KitApps Clients to any third parties. The circumstances under which we may share such information with third parties are described in part (4) below. 
  * You may review and update the personally identifiable information in your profile by logging in and editing such information in your dashboard. If you decide to delete all of your information we may cancel your account. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for reasonable business purposes. 



## (2) End Users

  * If you decide to download and use an Application, we will be collecting and storing on behalf of the applicable KitApps Customer any personally identifiable information that you provide to such KitApps Customer, such as, for instance, your name, email address, postal code, birthday, and other optional information that a KitApps Customer may choose to collect, which optional information is not required to use the Application. 
  * If you choose to allow an Application to collect your location data, such location data will be available to the applicable KitApps Customer. In addition, if you have an account with Facebook, Twitter, or Foursquare or other similar websites (each a “Social Network”), your Social Network identity, including your public picture, may be associated with your location data. 
  * You may allow other End Users to send you personal messages, in which case we may send you alerts when you get a new message. You can turn this functionality off by using the in-app privacy settings.YOU MAY AT ANY TIME TURN OFF THIS FUNCTIONALITY BY USING THE IN-APP PRIVACY SETTINGS. We may also collect your IP addresses as well as non-identifying details such as the geographic location of the IP address you are using to access the Internet, the type of browser used, which and how many web pages have been viewed by you, which Apps you have used, search terms used, referring/exit pages, platform type and date/time information. 
  * We do not sell any personally identifiable information of End Users to any third parties. The instances where we may share such information with third parties are described in part (D) below. 
  * You may be asked by KitApps Clients to provide additional information to them, including your personally identifiable information, to be used and shared pursuant to their own privacy policies. We encourage you to read such privacy policies before providing any information to any KitApps Clients or other third parties. While working with reputable Clients is a top priority for us, we are not responsible for the use of your information by KitApps Clients, and disclaim any liability related thereto. 
  * Apps may contain links to other websites. Such websites may use cookies and/or other data collection tools. KitApps is not responsible for the privacy practices, policies or the content of such websites. KitApps encourages you to read the posted privacy policies whenever interacting with any website to learn more about the privacy practices of that website. 



## (3) Visitors

This section describes the information that we may collect from Visitors. To the extent you are a KitApps Customer or an End User and visit the Site, this section will apply to you as well. 

  * If you contact us by email or by filling-out a registration form, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence, and may use your email address, and any information that you provide to us in your message, to respond to you. In addition, we may use the personal information described above to send you information regarding the Sites and/or the Services. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such information or communications from us, email us at support@attendify.com and request to be removed from our list. 
  * When you visit the Site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s IP address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Services and for the Site’s technical administration, to increase our Site’s functionality and user- friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors’ needs. 
  * Like many websites, we may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the Site, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Site, and to improve the Site and the Services. In addition, please be aware that other parties may also place their own cookies on the Site, and may collect or solicit personal information from you. A session cookie enables certain features of the Sites and the Services and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Sites. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. As described above, most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. 



## (4) General

The following provisions apply to everybody (KitApps’ Clients, End Users and Visitors). We may share and/or disclose information that we collect from KitApps’ Clients, End Users and Visitors in the following instances: 

  * **Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information.** We may share aggregated information that does not include personally identifiable information and we may otherwise disclose non-identifying information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. 
  * **Service Providers.** We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Site and Services, to provide the Services on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Site’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and Services are used. These third parties have access to information that we collect from KitApps Clients, End Users and Visitors only to perform these tasks on our behalf. 
  * **Business Transfers.** KitApps may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including personally identifiable information collected from KitApps’ Clients, End Users and Visitors, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. 
  * **Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement.** KitApps cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information collected from KitApps Clients, End Users and Visitors to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of KitApps or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. 



## (5) Other Provisions

  * **Security:** KitApps is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access. We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system. 
  * **Foreign Data Transfer:** Your information may be transferred to computers located outside of your state, country or other jurisdiction where the privacy laws may differ from your local laws. Whether you are a KitApps Customer, an End-User or a Visitor, your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. 
  * **Our Policy Toward Children:** This Site or Services are not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personally identifiable information IV. without their consent, he or she should contact us at support@attendify.com. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will delete such information from our files. 
  * **Links to Other Sites:** Our Site contains links to other websites. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an authorization or representation of our affiliation with the third party, or an endorsement of their privacy or information security practices & policies. We do not exercise control over these third party websites, which may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. Make sure to review their privacy policies and statements. 



Contact Us: If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us support@attendify.com. 
