> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cgc.edu.in privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171211055404id_/https%3A//www.cgc.edu.in/privacy-policies) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policies | CGC | Landran

## Privacy Policy

Chandigarh Group of Colleges is committed to the responsible use and protection of any personally identifiable information that Chandigarh Group of Colleges may collect through this website. Throughout the policy, we refer to information that personally identifies you as “personal information.”

## Gathering and Sources of Information

You may visit our website without disclosing any personal information about yourself. However, we may offer you options for further information which will require you to share with us certain personal information about yourself. The categories of personal information we may request include your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and other contact information. If you submit any personal information, you can be assured that we shall not sell, lease, or share your personal information with or to any third parties, except as set forth in this policy. We may use the personal information that you submit and other data collected through the website to contact you regarding the website and the services provided by Chandigarh Group of Colleges and its affiliates, and to provide you with updates regarding the website and to otherwise provide you with information or services that you may request. We may also from time to time use your personal information to send you e-mail messages or marketing materials regarding the services of Chandigarh Group of Colleges and its affiliates. Instructions for opting out will be included in those communications. We may collect some information on our Websites through the use of cookies (i.e., we may identify pages on our web-sites visited by customers), and may automatically collect certain individually identifying information (i.e., IP addresses or processor serial numbers), which are not associated with any personal information provided by you, to track your online activities, including but not limited to submissions and information requests. This information is only personally identifiable if you have chosen to identify yourself. The Chandigarh Group of Colleges website is not intended for children under the age of 13, and does not knowingly collect any private information from children.

## Sharing Information

Chandigarh Group of Colleges may disclose the personal information collected from this website to third parties in the following circumstances: • Chandigarh Group of Colleges do not sell your information to anyone. • Chandigarh Group of Colleges do not disclose information to non-affiliated third parties, except as: permitted by you; required by law; and as follows: 1\. Chandigarh Group of Colleges may disclose personal information to our affiliates, and to other companies that help us process your requests or services, including companies with which we may contract to perform business functions and services on our behalf. Examples of such functions may include, hosting our Internet servers, analyzing information, providing legal, accounting, administrative or marketing services. 2\. Chandigarh Group of Colleges may disclose or report personal information in limited circumstances where we believe in good faith that disclosure is required or permitted under law (for example, to cooperate with government agencies or law enforcement authorities, resolve consumer disputes, or for institutional risk control or as consented to by you) or where we are otherwise authorized by you. 3\. Chandigarh Group of Colleges may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf, which may include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail correspondence, and providing customer service. These third-party service providers will have access to personal information as needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. 4\. Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when your personal information may go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to opt not to share your information. If you do not want us to share your information as outlined above, or if you would like to review or revise any personal information that you have submitted, please let us know, by sending an e-mail message to info@cgc.edu.in or by mail at Chandigarh Group of Colleges, Sector 112, Landran, Greater Mohali, Punjab 14307 (India).

## Protecting Information

Chandigarh Group of Colleges may receive personal information regarding you that you submit through the use of and accessed through the Chandigarh Group of Colleges website or otherwise. Such personal information shall be secured by Chandigarh Group of Colleges firewalls and other reasonable safeguards designed to keep such information confidential and secure, however, as there is no guarantee that information transmitted online will remain secure, Chandigarh Group of Colleges cannot warrant the security of any personal information that you transmit online from unlawful interception by third parties. Chandigarh Group of Colleges has and will implement reasonable safeguards, from time to time, aimed at limiting the risk of such interception. Such safeguards may include: • Software programs that monitor network traffic to identify and prevent unauthorized access. • Encryption technology designed to protect certain sensitive information transmitted through the Internet. • Enacting and enforcing an internal safeguard policy that is provided to each employee. • Network and systems protections that restrict access to Chandigarh Group of Colleges network. • Policy Changes Should Chandigarh Group of Colleges make any changes to this Website Privacy Policy, we shall post the same on this Website for your review. You should check our website frequently to see recent changes.
