> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bandpage.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130522034659id_/http%3A//www.bandpage.com/company/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BandPage

Here at BandPage, Inc. (“BandPage”), we understand and respect your concerns about the use of your personal information. We believe that you should know what information about you we collect, as well as how that information is used, maintained, and, in some cases, shared. The following sets forth our practices and policies regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information on our BandPage™ service (the “Service”), which is available through our websites at bandpage.com, rootmusic.com, and listn.to (collectively, the “Website”), as well as on certain third-party platforms, websites, domains, and services (e.g., the Facebook platform, our BandPage Everywhere™ partners, mobile devices, etc.), the domains and subdomains hosted by us for our users, and any software applications or application programming interfaces that may permit access to all or any portion of the Service. “Personal information,” as used in this policy, is information that allows a person to directly identify an individual, such as name or email address, and information that is combined directly with such identifying information.

We will collect information about you when you register to post messages on one of our discussion forums, when you register to use the Service, when you transmit information to us via our Service (including, without limitation, by email), when you participate in one of our promotions, and when you otherwise use our Service. By doing any of the foregoing, you assent to this policy. If you do not agree with the terms of this policy, please do not engage in any of these activities.

#### INFORMATION COLLECTED ABOUT YOU AND OUR USE OF SUCH INFORMATION

The following describes the types of personal and other information we may collect about you on our Service, and how we use and maintain that information:

#### Registration Information and Other Voluntarily-Provided Information

In general, you may visit our Website and certain other portions of our Service without revealing any personal information other than technology-related information described in the “Website Information” section below. However, certain sections and features of our Service are only available to registered users, who must log in to our Service using unique access credentials. We may permit a user to log in to our Service using credentials on selected third-party services and from other methods that we may allow from time to time (including, for example, by logging in using credentials established with us directly).

If you register for or log in to our Service using a registration process made available by BandPage, we collect the registration information you provide to us in such process. We may indicate that some fields are required, while some are optional.

By logging in to our Service using third-party service, you permit us and the Service to connect to such third party and to access and use all information related to your account with such third party that is made available to us by the third party. For example, if you register for our Service as the administrator of an artist or band using Facebook, we request your name, Facebook ID, location (typically, a city you have specified), email address, pages that you manage on Facebook, and any other public portions of your Facebook profile. Similarly, for example, if you register for our Service as a user using Facebook, we will access and use your name, Facebook ID, profile picture, list of friends, and other public portions of your Facebook profile.

Additionally, if you request to sign up for a band or artist’s mailing list while logged in to the Service using third-party service credentials, we will request your name, age, email address and location (typically, a city you have specified) from the third-party service.

If you allow our Service to connect with a third-party service, you will be able to use your third-party service login information to log in to our Service, and we will publish certain of your activities on the Service, and certain of the information you provide to the Service, to your profile and/or wall or other presence(s) on such third-party service. If you no longer want the Service to publish stories about you on a third-party service that you have permitted us to connect with, or want to otherwise limit the ways in which the Service interacts with your account on any such third-party service, you should review and, if appropriate, modify your privacy settings on the third-party service.

We also collect and store any other personal information and other data you have provided to us via our Service, by email or otherwise. For example, if you are a band or artist, or an administrator for a band or artist, you may upload photos using our photo upload tools, provide us with biographical and tour information, upload songs or videos, or create links to songs and videos hosted on third-party services on your band’s or artist’s profile on the Service. If you upload photos, we collect such photos as well as any data you provide in connection with those photos. If you provide us with biographical or tour information, we collect that information. If you upload songs or videos, we collect such songs and videos and any related data you provide to us. If you include links to songs or videos on your band’s or artist’s profile on the Service, or we collect any data you provide in connection with those songs and videos. If you are a user, you may be able to RSVP for bands’ or artists’ shows. If you request to sign up for a band or artist’s mailing list, we may request your name, age, email address, and location.

We use the information we obtain about you from third-party services, or that you otherwise provide to us, to respond to any inquiries you may submit to us, to track and monitor usage of our Service and to communicate with you about your account and your use of our Service. In addition, we may use this information to send you periodic publications associated with BandPage, unless you inform us that you opt out from receiving such communications via email. We also use this information to operate our Service; for example, to facilitate postings on interactive areas of our Service. We also use this information, along with other information we collect about you, for targeted advertising and other marketing purposes.

#### Website Information

Our Service collects and stores information that is generated automatically as you use our Service. This information is collected across our entire Service. To collect this information, we may use standard log files, “clear gifs,” also known as Web beacons, and cookies. For example, our Service employs browser cookies to store users’ preferences and record session information. “Cookies” are bits of information that are stored by your browser on your hard drive. This technology allows for the storage of user preferences, user ID and password, if applicable, and remembers you when you take action on our Service. You can turn off the “cookie” function through most standard browsers; however, the majority of the features on our Service may not function properly, including but not limited to, the login function, if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.

In addition, when you use our Service, our system automatically collects certain information. For example, when you visit our Website or other portions of our Service, our system automatically collects information such as your web or content request, your other actions on the Service (e.g., adding a track as a favorite), Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser language, domain names, referring and exit pages and URLs, platform type, number of clicks, landing pages, pages viewed and the order of these page views, the amount of time spent on particular pages, the date and time of your request, and the unique identity of your browser. This information is used to analyze trends, administer our Service, improve the design of our Service, track user movement, customize certain content or features on the Service, and otherwise enhance the services we provide. Additionally, we may retain, use, and disclose certain of this information in a manner combined with your email address or other personal information that we maintain about you. If we do so, we will treat any such information that is combined with personal information in accordance with the provisions of this policy pertaining to our use and disclosure of personal information. 

#### Payment Information

For users that purchase our BandPage™ Plus services or otherwise place transactions on our Service, we collect credit card or other payment information (including, for example, the credit card number and expiration date, verification code (CVV code), and the user’s name, billing address, email address, and telephone number). We transmit this credit card information to the appropriate credit card company or payment processor during order processing.

#### Information from Promotions

We collect information you give us when you participate in a BandPage promotion, such as a sweepstakes or contest. Specifically, you will typically be asked to provide your name, email address, and mailing address.

We store this information in our database and will use it to communicate with you about the promotion. We may also use this information to promote our services to you in the future, unless you opt out from receiving such communications.

#### Other Information

We may retain any data you provide to us in an email or other inquiry, to track the types of questions we receive, analyze trends, administer the websites and services we offer, improve the design of our websites and services we offer, track user movement, and otherwise enhance the services we provide.

#### Information from Other Sources

We may receive information about you, including personal information, from third parties, and may combine this information with other personal information we maintain about you. If we do so, the provisions of this policy pertaining to our use and disclosure of personal information will govern our handling of any combined information that we maintain in personally identifiable format.

#### Aggregated Information

We may collect or create data about users of the Service that has been aggregated with other similar data, or from which personal information otherwise has been removed. For example we may use the information that we collect as described above under “Website Information” in aggregate format to prepare anonymous statistics regarding the use of our Websites and other areas of our Service. We may use and disclose this non-personally identifiable data for various purposes, but will do so in an aggregated manner or otherwise in a way that does not identify our users personally. Otherwise, if we use or disclose this data in a manner that identifies you personally, we use and disclose it in accordance with those provisions of this policy describing our use and disclosure of personal information. 

### WHEN YOUR INFORMATION WILL BE SHARED OR DISCLOSED

If you join our Service as an administrator for an artist or a band, you may, at your option, choose to input various types of information regarding the artist or band, including, for example, a contact email address, a URL for a website for the artist or band, a telephone number, a biography for that band or artist, photographs (and data associated with such photographs), songs, videos, and links to songs and videos on third-party services (and data associated with such songs and videos), songs and other audio files, tour dates, links to where fans can purchase tickets, information regarding products or services you may place for sale using any e-commerce functionality we make available on the Service, and other information regarding your band’s or artist’s shows. 

This information will be displayed on your BandPage on all areas of our Service. Additionally, we may share this information with third-party services that may use or display information originally displayed on our Service, such as our BandPage Everywhere™ partners and other third parties.

If you elect to join the mailing list for an artist or band, we will provide the artist or band, or its management, your name, age, email address, and location. Once we provide an artist or band, or its management, with this information, it will be used and disclosed by that artist or band, or its management, in accordance with its own privacy practices and policies.

Additionally, we will disclose your personal information if you have explicitly agreed that we may do so. For example, we will disclose personal information where you have elected to connect your account on our Service to a third-party service or have elected to have your activity on our Service published to a third-party service. To control the information that your share, you should review and, if appropriate, modify your privacy settings on the third-party service.

We may provide your personal information to third parties for their use in performing internal business functions (e.g., payment processing, data analysis, email transmission, or data hosting) on our behalf. Some third-party service providers may also collect information, including personal information, on our Service on our behalf. In our agreements with these third-party service providers, we require them to agree to maintain the confidentiality, security, and integrity of such personal information and to use it only for the purpose of providing their services to us.

We will comply with any subpoenas, court orders or other legal processes for any of the information about you in our possession, and we may use such information to establish or exercise our legal rights, or to defend against legal claims. We reserve the right to disclose information about you, including data on which pages you have visited and other information regarding your use of the Service, to third parties if we feel it is necessary to protect our systems, website, business, users or others.

In addition, information about you in our possession may be disclosed as part of any merger, acquisition, sale of company assets, or transition of service to another provider, as well as in the unlikely event of insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which your personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company. BandPage does not guarantee that any entity receiving such information in connection with one of these transactions will comply with all terms of this policy.

### OPT OUT

As noted, once you register with BandPage, we may send you administrative-related emails, as well as emails to facilitate your access to BandPage’s services, including providing you with related updates. We may not offer you the opportunity to opt out of receiving these communications.

However, we provide you with the opportunity to elect not to receive other types of communications, including emails informing you about BandPage’s services and other offerings that we think will interest you. If you want to stop receiving these communications, click on the “Unsubscribe” link in any such email, or contact use via email at support@bandpage.com.

### THIRD-PARTY DATA COLLECTION

In addition to using cookies and related technologies as described above, certain portions of our Service may also use third-party analytics providers to analyze users’ use of the Service. These analytics providers provide us (or, in some cases, our customers whose websites on the Service we host) with aggregated data that we or our customers may use and disclose for various purposes. 

Additionally, we also may permit certain third party companies to help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to users and to collect and use other data about user activities on our services (e.g., to allow them to tailor ads on third party services). These companies may deliver ads that might also place cookies and otherwise track user behavior. These companies may use information about user behavior in order to provide customized advertisements across various services. In the course of providing these services or placing advertisements, these third party companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer, and may record information to these cookies based upon your activities on any of our websites and on third party websites. Each of these companies uses this cookie information according to their own privacy and security policies. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp to opt-out. Please note that opting-out from these companies’ use of data does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.

### SECURITY

Whenever BandPage handles information that you disclose on our Service, regardless of where this occurs, we take steps to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this policy. BandPage uses commercially reasonable physical, managerial and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information that we collect on our Service. Certain information transmitted through our Service, such as login information (with the exception of the Forum login) and information relating to the purchase of our services, is encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology or similar encryption technology. Unfortunately, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive personal information from you, we use commercially reasonable safeguards to ensure its security on our systems but we do not accept liability for unintentional disclosure.

### CHILDREN’S PRIVACY

Although our Service may be accessed by children under the age of 13, we will not knowingly collect, maintain or use any personal information from such children, and no part of our Service is directed to persons under the age of 13. In fact, you must be at least 13 years of age to set up an account with us. IF YOU ARE UNDER 13 YEARS OF AGE, PLEASE DO NOT USE OR ACCESS OUR SERVICE AT ANY TIME OR IN ANY MANNER.

If we become aware that we have collected any personal information from children under 13, we will promptly delete such information from our databases. If you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under the age of 13 has obtained a BandPage account, then you may alert BandPage at support@bandpage.com and request that we delete that child’s personal information from our systems.

### OTHER WEBSITES AND ONLINE SERVICES

For your convenience, our Service may contain links to other websites and online services, or you may be otherwise referred to other websites and online services. Additionally, portions of the Service may be made available on or through third-party websites and online services. This policy does not apply to any portions of these third-party websites and services other than to any portions of the Service that are available on or through such third-party websites and online services. Each third-party website and service should be checked for its own privacy policy so you can understand how third parties collect personal information from you and use and disclose such personal information.

### CHANGES TO THIS POLICY

BandPage may from time to time update this policy. Additionally, in the event that BandPage merges with, or is acquired by another company, a change to this policy may result. Whenever a change to this policy is significant, we will place a prominent notice on our Service.

### GOVERNING LAW

Our Service is controlled by BandPage from our offices within the State of California, United States of America. By choosing to use our Service or otherwise provide information to BandPage, you agree that any dispute over privacy or the terms contained in this policy will be governed by the law of the State of California, without reference to principles of conflicts of law. If you are accessing our Service from any region with regulations or laws governing personal data collection, use or disclosure that differ from United States laws or regulations, please note that through your continued use of our Service, which is governed by the laws of the State of California and the United States of America, this policy and our Terms of Use (available [here](https://web.archive.org/company/terms) and/or at http://www.bandpage.com/company/terms), you are transferring personal information to the United States of America and you consent to that transfer and to the processing of such personal information in the United States of America. You also consent to the adjudication of any disputes arising in connection with our Service in the federal and state courts of San Francisco County in the State of California. You also agree to arbitrate such disputes and to abide by any limitation on damages contained in our Terms of Use or any other agreement we may have with you.

### UPDATE INFORMATION / SUGGESTIONS

If you would like to update or correct any information that you have provided to BandPage through your use of our Service or otherwise, or you have questions for us regarding privacy or suggestions for improving this policy, please send an email to support@bandpage.com.
