> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dronedeploy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170522010811id_/http%3A//support.dronedeploy.com/docs/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DroneDeploy

This privacy policy (this “Policy”) describes the collection of personal information by Infatics, Inc., doing business as DroneDeploy (“DroneDeploy,” “we,” or “us”), from users of our Website at www.dronedeploy.com (the “Site”), all related applications, widgets, software, tools, and other Service provided by us and on which a link to this Policy is displayed, and hardware we provide to enable the use of our software platform (collectively, our “Service”). This Policy also describes our use and disclosure of such information. By using our Service, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information in accordance with this Policy. This Policy is incorporated by reference into the DroneDeploy Terms of Service available at <http://support.dronedeploy.com/docs/terms-of-service> and subject to the provisions of the Terms of Service.

“Personal Information,” as used in this Policy, is information that specifically identifies an individual, such as an individual's name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address. Personal Information also includes information about an individual’s activities, such as information about his or her activity on our Service, and demographic information, such as date of birth, gender, geographic area, and preferences, when any of this information is linked to Personal Information that identifies that individual.

Personal Information does not include “aggregate” or other non-personally identifiable information. Aggregate information is information that we collect about a group or category of products, Service, or users that is not personally identifiable or from which individual identities are removed. We may use and disclose aggregate information, and other non-personally identifiable information, for various purposes.

**Collection of Voluntarily-Provided Information**  
We collect information, which may include Personal Information, that our users provide to us in a variety of ways on our Service. These include the following: 

  * Data gathered by unmanned aerial vehicles. Our Service collects data gathered by our mobile application and unmanned aerial vehicles that are equipped with a hardware device that we provide according to the settings you choose in the Service, including telemetry data, map data, location data, and data regarding the systems of the vehicles.
  * Data Gathered by Mobile Application. Our Service collects geolocation information when you use our mobile application. This information may include physical location, such as street address, latitude and longitude, and Internet Protocol address, and the time of recording the location or the duration at that location.
  * E-mail Newsletters. We may offer e-mail newsletters from time to time on our Service. If you sign up to receive a newsletter from us, we collect your e-mail address.
  * User Accounts and Profiles. Our Service may give you the ability to register for a DroneDeploy account or to create and update a user profile on the applicable Service. If we offer user account or profile functionality on the Service, we will collect the Personal Information that you provide to us in the course of registering for an account or creating or updating a user profile. This information may include, for example, name, postal address, telephone number, e-mail address, and related demographic information about you. We may indicate that some personal information is required for you to register for the account or to create the profile, while some is optional.
  * Interactive Features. Our Service may contain interactive functionality that allows you to engage with other users on the Service, to post comments to forums, to upload photographs, map data, telemetry data, location data and other content (the “User Materials”), participate in surveys, and otherwise to interact with the Service and with other users. If you use any interactive functionality on our Service that request or permit you to provide us with personal information (including, for example, any Service that allow you to post User Materials on any of our Service), we collect the Personal Information that you provide to us in the course of using these interactive features.
  * Correspondence. If you contact us by e-mail, using a contact form on the Service, or by mail, fax, or other means, we collect the Personal Information contained within, and associated with, your correspondence.



When you use our Service, some information is collected automatically. For example, we automatically collect your browser’s Internet Protocol (IP), your browser type, the nature of the device from which you are visiting the Service (e.g., a personal computer or a mobile device), the identifier for any handheld or mobile device that you may be using, the Web site that you visited immediately prior to accessing any Web-based Service, the actions you take on our Service, and the content, features, and activities that you access and participate in on our Service. We also may collect information regarding your interaction with e-mail messages, such as whether you opened, clicked on, or forwarded a message. When you operate an unmanned aerial vehicle via the Service, we automatically collect, among other information, information identifying the vehicle, flight path, flight logs and sensor data, where applicable.

We may collect this information passively using technologies such as standard server logs, cookies, and clear GIFs (also known as “Web beacons”) and geo-location tools. We use passively-collected information to administer, operate, and improve the Site and our other Service and systems, and to provide other content that is tailored to you. 

If we link or associate any information gathered through passive means with Personal Information, or if applicable laws require us to treat any information gathered through passive means as Personal Information, we treat the combined information as Personal Information under this Policy. Otherwise, we use and disclose information collected by passive means in aggregate form or otherwise in a non-personally identifiable form. Please be aware that in the course of your use of the Services, websites or other services provided by third parties ("Third-Party Services"), including marketing or website optimization vendors, may set cookies on your hard drive or use other means of passively collecting information about your use of their Third-Party Services or other services or content. To do this, they may use first-party cookies (which are set by the same domain your browser is receiving data from) or third-party cookies (which are set by a different domain). We also may make non-personally identifiable information available to Third-Party Services, and these Third-Party Services may collect such information, to assist such parties in understanding our users’ activities and usage patterns on the Services. If desired, you may use the [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout) to opt-out of having information collected by Google Analytics.

We do not have access to, or control over, the actions of Third-Party Services. Each provider of Third-Party Services uses information that it collects in accordance with its own privacy and security policies.

Additionally, please be aware that Google and other third-party vendors may place or recognize one or more unique cookies on your computer when you use the Services, and may record information to these cookies based upon your activities on our Services and on third-party websites and other Third-Party Services. Google and these other third-party vendors may use information about those activities to inform, optimize, and serve advertisements. In particular, we may use Google and other third-party vendors to engage in “remarketing,” in which advertisements you see on third-party websites and services may be based on your prior visits to our Services.

To learn more about these practices, and to opt-out from Google’s and other vendors’ use of information collected on the Services through cookies for advertising purposes, you may visit [Google’s Ads Preferences Manager](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences), [TRUSTe's Preference Manager](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/), or the [Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp). Please note that opting-out will not prevent advertisements from being served to you on the Internet; it will only result in advertisements that utilize cookies to serve advertisements on the specified advertising networks from which you opt-out no longer being targeted. We are not responsible for the activities of other parties that may not comply with your opt-out requests.

We may receive information about you, including Personal Information, from third parties, and may combine this information with other Personal Information we maintain about you. If we do so, this Policy governs any combined information that we maintain in personally identifiable format.

We may use Personal Information to provide Service and information that you request; to enhance, improve, operate, and maintain our Service, our programs, Service, Web sites, and other systems; to prevent fraudulent use of our Service and other systems; to prevent or take action against activities that are, or may be, in violation of our Terms of Service or applicable law; to tailor content, and other aspects of your experience on and in connection with the Service; to maintain a record of our dealings with you; for other administrative purposes; and for any other purposes that we may disclose to you at the point at which we request your Personal Information, and pursuant to your consent.

We may also use Personal Information you provide to contact you regarding products, Service, and offers, both from ourselves and from third parties, that we believe you may find of interest. We allow you to opt-out from receiving marketing communications from us as described in the “Choice” section below.

Except as described in this Policy, we will not disclose your Personal Information that we collect on the Service to third parties without your consent. We may disclose information to third parties if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances:

**Service Providers**  
We may disclose Personal Information to third-party service providers (e.g., payment processing and data storage and processing facilities, storage providers) that assist us in our work. We limit the Personal Information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions, and we require them to agree to maintain the confidentiality of such  
Personal Information.

**Public Areas and Syndicated Service**  
Some features on our Service may allow you to upload, post, or otherwise transmit User Materials to public areas of the Service, such as content that you post in a public profile on the Service. We may make these User Materials available for display upon DroneDeploy properties that are not governed by this Policy, as well as to Service operated by third parties that display content from the Site (collectively, “Syndicated Service”). Please be aware that any Personal Information that you include within any User Materials will be made available to other users of the Service, and to users of Syndicated Service, who view it. You include Personal Information in User Materials at your sole risk. We may allow you to select privacy options that limit access to some types of Personal Information in User Materials, but no security measures are impenetrable or perfect. Additionally, even after information posted on the Site is removed, caching and archiving Service may have saved that information, and other users or third parties may have copied or stored the information available on the Service. We cannot warrant or guarantee that any Personal Information that you provide on and in connection with the Service will not be accessed, viewed, or used by unauthorized persons.

**Business Transfers**  
Information about our users, including Personal Information, may be disclosed and otherwise transferred to an acquirer, or successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of DroneDeploy assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which Personal Information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.

**To Protect our Interests**  
We also disclose Personal Information if we believe that doing so is legally required, or is in our interest to protect our property or other legal rights (including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements), or the rights or property of others, or otherwise to help protect the safety or security of our Service and other users of the Service.

**Choice**  
If you receive commercial e-mail from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the e-mail. You may also opt-out from receiving commercial e-mail from us, and any other promotional communications that we may send to you from time to time (e.g., by postal mail) by sending your request to us by e-mail at support@dronedeploy.com or by writing to us at the address given at the end of this policy. Additionally, if we offer user account functionality on the Service, we may allow you to view and modify settings relating to the nature and frequency of promotional communications that you receive from us.

You may make various choices with the Service regarding the amount and type of data that an unmanned aerial vehicle managed by the Service will collect.

Please be aware that if you opt-out of receiving commercial e-mail from us, it may take up to ten business days for us to process your opt-out request, and you may receive commercial e-mail from us during that period. Additionally, even after you opt-out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding our Service.

**Access**  
If we offer the ability to create user accounts or profiles on our Service, you may have the ability to access and update many categories of personal information that you provide to us by logging in to your account and accessing your account settings. If you wish to access or amend any other personal information we hold about you, you may contact us at privacy@dronedeploy.com.  
If you request that we delete your account on any of our Service (via a user settings page, by e-mail, or otherwise), we will do so within a reasonable period of time, but we may need to retain some of your Personal Information in order to satisfy our legal obligations, or where we reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.

**Links**  
The Service may contain links to other Web sites, products, or Service that we do not own or operate. For example, the Service may contain links to upload data to another Web site or service for processing on our behalf. The Service also may contain links to Third-Party Services such as social networking services. If you choose to visit or use any Third-Party Sites or products or Service available on or through such Third-Party Sites, please be aware that this Policy will not apply to your activities or any information you disclose while using those Third-Party Sites or any products or Service available on or through such Third-Party Sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of these Third-Party Sites or any products or Service on or through them. Additionally, please be aware that the Service may contain links to Web sites and Service that we operate but that are governed by different privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully review the privacy policies applicable to any Web site or service you visit other than the Service before providing any Personal Information on them.

Children’s safety is important to us, and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active interest in the online activities of their children. Our Service are not directed to children under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 without obtaining parental consent. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13 on our Service, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have collected any such personal information on our Service, please notify us at privacy@dronedeploy.com.

Our servers and data centers are located in the United States. If you choose to use the Service from outside the U.S., then you should know that you are transferring your Personal Information outside of your region and into the U.S. for storage and processing. By providing your Personal Information to us through your use of the Service, you agree to that transfer, storage, and processing in the U.S. Also, we may transfer your data from the U.S. to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the Service. You should know that each region can have its own privacy and data security laws, some of which may be less stringent as compared to those of your own region.

We use reasonable security measures that are designed to protect personal information from accidental loss, disclosure, misuse, and destruction. Please be aware, however, that no data security measures can be guaranteed to be completely effective. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you provide to us. You transmit information to us at your own risk.

We may occasionally update this Policy. When we do, we will also revise the “last updated” date at the beginning of the Policy. Your continued use of our Service after such changes will be subject to the then-current policy. If we change this Policy in a manner that is materially less restrictive of our use or disclosure of your Personal Information, we will use reasonable efforts to notify you of the change and to obtain your consent prior to applying the change to any Personal Information that we collected from you prior to the date the change becomes effective. We encourage you to periodically review this Policy to stay informed about how we collect, use, and disclose personal information.

If you have questions about this Agreement or about DroneDeploy, please contact us by email at privacy@dronedeploy.com, or at:

DroneDeploy  
474 Bryant Street  
San Francisco, CA 94107
