> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the droomhistory.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-10-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191025103453id_/https%3A//vehiclehistory.in/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Vehicle History

Last updated on: April 04, 2018

Welcome to vehiclehistory.in. History is a platform that provides users with the overall information about a vehicle's history. Through History, the users can check the history of any car, bike or scooter by generating the vehicle history certificate. The certificate generated by Vehicle History helps you check any car's, bike's or scooter's history online.

This Privacy Policy relates solely to the information collection and use practices of Our website located at http://www.vehiclehistory.in or the mobile site or mobile application (individually and collectively as "Website"). Through the Website we provide access to users to the products and services available therein (collectively referred to as "Services").

The website is owned and operated by Droom Technology Private Limited, a company incorporated under the Companies Act, 2013 with its registered office at 90/31B, First Floor, Malviya Nagar, New Delhi 100017, New Delhi, India (hereinafter referred to as "Droom"). 

Our Privacy Policy is incorporated as part of the Website Terms of Use. Please read this Privacy Policy and Our Terms of Use carefully before using Our Services. By using the Website's Services, You agree to the provisions of this Privacy Policy. If You do not want to be bound by Our Privacy Policy, please do not use Our Services. 

The term “We”/ “Us” / “Our” used in this document refer to Droom and "You" / "Your" / "Yourself" refer to the Users, who visit or access or use or avail any service (collectively “usage”).

**NOTE:** THIS PRIVACY POLICY IS AN ELECTRONIC RECORD IN THE FORM OF ELECTRONIC CONTRACT IN TERMS OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ACT, 2000 AND RULES MADE THEREUNDER (AS AMENDED FROM TIME TO TIME) AND DOES NOT REQUIRE ANY PHYSICAL SIGNATURE OR SEAL.

Our privacy policy is subject to change at any time without notice. To make sure You are aware of any changes, please review this policy periodically.

By visiting this Website and/ or downloading the History mobile application You agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If You do not agree please do not download, use or access Our Website. By mere use of the Website, You expressly consent to Our use and disclosure of Your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

  * **1\. COLLECTION OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION AND OTHER INFORMATION**

This Privacy Policy extends to both, Users who visit the Website but do not register on the Website and as well as Users who are Registered on the Website and transact business on the Website. When You use Our Website, We collect and store Your personal information which is provided by You from time to time. Our primary goal in doing so is to provide You a safe, efficient, smooth and customized experience. This allows Us to provide services and features that most likely meet Your needs, and to customize Our Website to make Your experience safer and easier. More importantly, while doing so We collect personal information from You that We consider necessary for achieving this purpose.

In general, You can browse the Website without telling Us who You are or revealing any personal information about Yourself. Once You give Us Your personal information, You are not anonymous to Us. Where possible, We indicate which fields are mandatory/ required and which fields are optional. You always have the option to not provide information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature on the Website. We may automatically track certain information about You based upon Your behaviour on Our Website. We use this information to do internal research on Our Users' demographics, interests, and behaviour to better understand, protect and serve Our Users. This information is compiled and analysed on an aggregated basis. This information may include, but is not limited to, the URL that You just came from (whether this URL is on Our Website or not), which URL You next go to (whether this URL is on Our Website or not), Your computer browser information, and Your IP address.

By using the Website or the Services, you consent to collection, storage, and use of the personal information you provide (including any changes thereto as provided by you or your representatives, nominees, assigns) for any of the services that we offer. Users of the Website agree and acknowledge that they are being made fully aware by the Website / Droom about the manner and the purposes for which, the information so shared /disclosed by them will be used.

A "cookie" is a small piece of information stored by a Web server on a Web browser so it can be later read back from that browser. The acceptance of cookies is not a requirement for visiting the Website. However, We would like to point out that some functionality on the Website is only possible with the activation of cookies. Cookies are tiny text files which identify Your computer to Our server as a unique User when You visit certain pages on the Website and they are stored by Your Internet browser on Your computer's hard drive. Usually, cookies contain two pieces of information: a site name and a unique User ID. Cookies cannot be used alone to identify You, although they may be used to identify Your IP address. We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the Website to help analyse Our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety.

We also use cookies to allow You to enter Your password less frequently during a session. Cookies can also help Us provide information that is targeted to Your interests. Most cookies are "session cookies," meaning that they are automatically deleted from Your hard drive at the end of a session. You are always free to decline Our cookies if Your browser permits, although in that case You may not be able to use certain features on the Website and You may be required to re-enter Your password more frequently during a session. Additionally, You may encounter "cookies" or other similar devices on certain pages of the Website that are placed by third parties. We do not control the use of cookies by third parties. If You choose to buy/ transact on the Website, We collect information about Your buying/ transaction behaviour. When You transact with Us, We also collect some additional information, such as a billing address, a credit/ debit card number and a credit / debit card expiration date and/ or other payment instrument details and tracking information from cheques or money orders.

If You choose to post messages on Our message boards, chat rooms or other message areas or leave feedback, We will collect that information You provide to Us. We retain this information as necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as permitted by law. Further, we may share the feedback or User requirements through a lead generation form which we may share with third parties or the Company’s internal team.

If You send Us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other Users or third parties send Us correspondence about Your activities or postings on the Website, We may collect such information into a file specific to You. We collect personally identifiable information (email address, name, phone number, etc.) from You when You set up a free account with Us. While you can browse some sections of our Website without being a registered member, certain activities (such as placing an order) do require registration. We do use Your contact information to send You correspondence based on Your interests.

By sharing / posting such personally identifiable information on the Website, you hereby unconditionally and without any riders, agree and acknowledge that Droom may store and at time, if required, share the personal information so provided by You with other Users for the purposes of providing the Services on this Website.

We will only keep Your information for as long as We are either required to by law or as is relevant for the purposes for which it was collected.

  * **2\. USE OF DEMOGRAPHIC / PROFILE DATA / YOUR INFORMATION**

We use personal information to provide the services You request. To the extent, We use Your personal information to market to You, We will provide You the ability to opt-out of such uses. We use Your personal information to resolve disputes; troubleshoot problems; help promote a safe service; measure consumer interest in Our products and services, inform You about online and offline services, and updates; customize Your experience; detect and protect Us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce Our Terms of Use; and as otherwise described to You at the time of collection.

In Our efforts to continually improve Our product and service offerings, We collect and analyse demographic and profile data about Our Users' activity on Our Website.

We identify and use Your IP address to help diagnose problems with Our server, and to administer Our Website. Your IP address is also used to help identify You and to gather broad demographic information.

We may occasionally ask You to complete optional online surveys. These surveys may ask You for contact information and demographic information (like zip code, age, or income level). We use this data to tailor Your experience at Our Website, providing You with content that We think You might be interested in and to display content according to Your preferences.

  * **3\. SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION**

We may share personal information with Our other corporate entities and affiliates to help detect and prevent identity theft, fraud and other potentially illegal acts; correlate related or multiple accounts to prevent abuse of our services; and to facilitate joint or co-branded services that You request where such services are provided by more than one corporate entity. Those entities and affiliates may not market to You as a result of such sharing unless You explicitly opt-in.

Access to personal information will also be given to those persons authorized by Droom and third parties engaged by Droom for administrative activities. We further clarify that by using our Website and / or Services available on the Website, We may utilize/disclose the details shared by Our users, without prejudice to any of their rights, for commercial or non-commercial purpose which we in our sole discretion consider necessary for Our business purposes or otherwise. While We ensure to the best of our capability that such third parties also hold your information in strictest confidence, We do not have 100% control over them and, therefore, We cannot guarantee complete privacy.

Further, the comments and photographs of Our Users may be publicized as testimonials for promotion of the Website and/ or the Services. 

We and Our affiliates will share / sell some or all Your personal information with another business entity should We (or Our assets) plan to merge with, or be acquired by that business entity, or re-organization, amalgamation, restructuring of business. Should such a transaction occur the other business entity (or the new combined entity) will be required to follow this Privacy Policy with respect to Your personal information.

  * **4\. PERSONALISED SERVICES**

From time to time We may add or enhance services available on the Website. To the extent these services are provided, and used by You, We will use the information You provide to facilitate the service requested. For example, if You email Us with a question, We will use Your email address, name, nature of the question, etc. to respond to Your question. We may also store such information to assist Us in making the site the better and easier to use.

  * **5\. COMPLIANCE WITH LAW**

In addition to the circumstances described above, We may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process(es). We may disclose personal information to law enforcement offices, third party rights owners, or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: enforce Our Terms of Use or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that an advertisement, posting or other content violates the rights of a third party; or protect the rights, property or personal safety of Our Users or the general public.

  * **6\. LINKS TO OTHER SITES**

Our Website links to other websites that may collect personally identifiable information about You. The Website and Droom are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those linked websites nor for any third party to whom We transfer Your data in accordance with Our Privacy Policy. Any usage of such third-party website or availing any service or product through third party shall be at Your risk and the Company is not responsible for any loss/damage or otherwise.

Further, We encourage You to read the privacy statements of all such sites as their policies may be materially different from this Privacy Policy. You are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of Your passwords, and Your Website membership account information. Please be very careful, responsible, and alert with this information, especially whenever You are online.

  * **7\. SECURITY PRECAUTIONS**

Our Website has stringent security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under Our control. Whenever You change or access Your account information, We offer the use of a secure server. Once Your information is in Our possession We adhere to strict security guidelines, protecting it against unauthorized access.

  * **8\. CHOICE/OPT-OUT**

We provide all Users with the opportunity to opt-out of receiving non-essential (promotional, marketing-related) communications from us on behalf of Our partners, and from Us in general, after setting up an account. If You have any concern about privacy or grievances with the Website or any of its content or to certificate any abuse of laws or breach of the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, please contact us (support@vehiclehistory.in) with a thorough description of such concerns/ issues faced by You and we will try to resolve the issue for You.

If You want to remove Your contact information from all Website lists and newsletters, please mail us at support@vehiclehistory.in

  * **9\. ADVERTISEMENTS ON THE WEBSITE**

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when You visit Our Website. These companies may use information (not including Your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about Your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to You.

  * **10\. YOUR CONSENT**

By using the Website and/ or by providing Your information, You consent to the collection and use of the information You disclose on the Website in accordance with this Privacy Policy, including but not limited to Your consent for sharing Your information as per this Privacy Policy.

If We decide to change Our Privacy Policy, We will post those changes on this page so that You are always aware of what information We collect, how We use it, and under what circumstances We disclose it.

  * **11\. GRIEVANCE OFFICER**

In accordance with Information Technology Act 2000 and rules made there under, in case you have any grievances about the use of this Website / any of the policies for use / availing the services on the Website, you may contact the grievance officer appointed by us. The name and contact details of the Grievance Officer are provided below:

Grievance Redressal Officer:

Droom Technology (P) Limited

40A/5, Chandan Nagar, Sector 15 - Part II,

Gurgaon - 122001, Haryana -India.

Time: Mon to Sat (10:00 to 19:00)

Email: legal.group@droom.in 



