> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the droptask.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130521102130id_/https%3A//www.droptask.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DropTask - Privacy Policy

## Privacy Policy

#### About this policy

This is the privacy policy of Think Productivity Limited (hereinafter referred to as "Think Productivity"). At Think Productivity, your privacy is important to us and Think Productivity does not sell, publish or share any information about our customers unless given express permission to do so.

The privacy policy applies only to personal data as defined in s.1 of the 1998 Data Protection Act ("personal information" or "information") and not other types of business or general information. The policy tells you who we are, how we collect personal information about you through this website, what we intend to use that information for and how we keep it secure.

Please read the policy carefully.

Further information about privacy and data protection issues including the online Register of Data Controllers can be found on the Information Commissioner's website at .

#### Who we are

We are Think Productivity Limited, a company registered in England and Wales - No. 7851136. Our registered office is at:

Think Productivity Ltd  
Regus House  
Falcon Drive  
Cardiff Bay  
Cardiff  
United Kingdom  
CF10 4RU  
E-mail: [info@thinkproductivity.com](mailto:info@thinkproductivity.com)

#### Communications

To opt-out of any communications we send, you can either click the 'unsubscribe' link at the top of any emails, or send an email to to let us know you want to opt-out.

#### How we collect information from you

#### Cookies

A cookie is a small text file which is transferred from a website and stored on your computer's hard drive. It enables a website to "remember" who you are.

Cookies are used for authentication, tracking, and maintaining user-specific information (preferences, shopping cart, etc.) and often contain a unique and anonymous identifier.

Browsers only allow web sites to interact with their own cookies, not those from other web sites. The settings in your browser allow you to accept or decline cookies depending upon your preferences.

#### Web Beacons

A web beacon is a small transparent gif image that is embedded in an HTML page or email used to track when the page or email has been viewed.

#### Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics; a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). The Google Analytics service collects information on the page you have visited and helps us to improve our services to you. No data which is collected through this service is personally identifiable. You can find out more about this service at . Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address which we do not link to any personally identifiable information) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for us and providing other services to us relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

#### Social Media Features and Widgets

Websites offered by Think Productivity may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets, such as the Share this button. These features may collect your IP address and the page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

#### How we collect further information

We collect information about you that you provide when you register to use the online resources or software through completion of online forms. We collect information about you if you complete any of the various forms on our site to contact us, make enquiries, order products and services, apply to us and give us feedback.

We need you to give us certain information, which will be indicated on the form you are required to complete in order to place an order. It would help us if you give us any other information that you think will be relevant but you are under no obligation to do so.

We may also collect information when you contacting us by other methods other than the website. The website provides various telephone and fax numbers and email addresses for you to contact us. We may collect information from you that you provide through any of these methods.

We may also collect other information you supply to us after your initial contact with us.

#### How we keep your information secure

We will keep your information secure by taking appropriate technical and organisational measures against its unauthorised or unlawful processing and against its accidental loss, destruction or damage. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, as well as physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number to purchase Think Productivity products and services), we encrypt such information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

#### What your information is used for

If you register for a DropTask account, we will use your information to provide this service to you.

When you register with us or buy from us, we will also use your information for marketing purposes. For example, you may receive email newsletters. There is an option to unsubscribe from these.

If you do not object, we may use the information we hold on you to contact you for feedback on your use of our software and/or services and/or website.

We may use aggregated data about users of our site, sales patterns and other statistical data to improve our site, but it will not be possible to identify individuals from that aggregated data.

#### To access the information stored about you

To request the information Think Productivity has stored about you, which is your right as listed under Section 7 (1) the Data Protection Act 1998 as a Subject Access Request, you must put this request into writing, and send to Think Productivity Ltd, Falcon Drive, Cardiff Bay, Cardiff, CF10 4RU. You must also provide Think Productivity Ltd with a £10 fee (as cited by the Data Protection Act).

#### Changes to the Privacy Policy

Think Productivity reserves the right to amend or modify the policies on this page at any time for any reason without notice. This Privacy Policy may change as new features are added to our website or to any of our products and services. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post these changes to our Privacy Policy on our website.
