> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the abeautifulmess.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190513031040id_/https%3A//abeautifulmess.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - A Beautiful Mess

**A BEAUTIFUL MESS WEBSITE PRIVACY STATEMENT**

 **This document was last updated on May 24, 2018.  **

ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND ACCEPTANCE OF TERMS A Beautiful Mess is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Statement sets forth our current privacy practices with regard to the information we collect when you or your computer interact with our website. By accessing [www.abeautifulmess.com, ](https://shop.abeautifulmess.com/about/falsewww.shop.abeautifulmess.com,)you acknowledge and fully understand A Beautiful Mess’ Privacy Statement and freely consent to the information collection and use practices described in this Website Privacy Statement.

PARTICIPATING MERCHANT POLICIES Related services and offerings with links from this website, including vendor sites, have their own privacy statements that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. Online merchants and others who participate in A Beautiful Mess services are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy. However, since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating merchants and other third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. We recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of merchants and other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.

INFORMATION WE COLLECT

When you interact with us through the Service, we may collect Personal Data and other information from you, as further described below:

Personal Data That You Provide Through the Service: We collect Personal Data from you when you voluntarily provide such information such as when you register for access to the Service (for example, name and email address), use certain features of the Service, contact us with inquiries or respond to one of our surveys.If you are purchasing a service, we will request financial information. Any financial information we collect is used only to bill you for the services you purchased. If you purchase by credit card, this information may be forwarded to your credit card provider.

By voluntarily providing us with Personal Data, you are consenting to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data, you acknowledge and agree that such Personal Data may be transferred from your current location to the offices and servers of A Beautiful Mess and the authorized third parties referred to herein located in Israel and/or other countries.

Non-Identifiable or Aggregated Data: When you interact with A Beautiful Mess through the Service, we receive and store certain non-personally identifiable information (for example, geo-location and device ID). Such information, which is collected passively using various technologies, (including Facebook’s analytics and Google Analytics) cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. A Beautiful Mess may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by A Beautiful Mess’ affiliates, agents or service providers. In addition, we may collect information about your use of our Site and Service such as your IP address, browser information, page visitation history, crash diagnostic reports, device information, computer information, usage pattern information, operating system information, location information, timestamp information and any other anonymous information about the nature and frequency of your use of our Site and Service.

In operating the Service, we may also use a technology called “cookies.” A cookie is a piece of information that the computer that hosts our Service gives to your browser when you access the Service. Our cookies help provide additional functionality to the Service and help us analyze Service usage more accurately. For instance, our Service may set a cookie on your browser that allows you to access the Service without needing to remember and then enter a password more than once when you are using the Service. On most web browsers, you will find a “help” section on the toolbar. Please refer to this section for information on how to receive notification when you are receiving a new cookie and how to turn cookies off. We recommend that you leave cookies turned on because they allow you to take advantage of some of the Service’s features.

OUR USE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER INFORMATION

A Beautiful Mess uses the Personal Data you provide in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. If you provide Personal Data for a certain reason, we may use the Personal Data in connection with the reason for which it was provided. For instance, if you contact us by email, we will use the Personal Data you provide to answer your question or resolve your problem. Also, if you provide Personal Data in order to obtain access to the Service, we will use your Personal Data to provide you with access to such services and to monitor your use of such services. A Beautiful Mess and its affiliates (“Related Companies”) may also use your Personal Data and other personally non-identifiable information collected through the Service to help us improve the content and functionality of the Service, to better understand our users and to improve the Service. A Beautiful Mess and its Related Companies may use this information to communicate with you regarding the Service or to tell you about services (including those of our trusted partners) that we believe will be of interest to you. If we do so, marketing communications we send you will contain instructions permitting you to “opt- out” of receiving future marketing communications. In addition, if at any time you wish not to receive any future communications or you wish to have your name deleted from our mailing lists, please contact us as indicated below. Note however that as a user of the Service you cannot opt-out of some administrative communications that are reasonably necessary to the Service, such as billing or service notifications. If A Beautiful Mess intends on using any Personal Data in any manner that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy, you will be informed of such anticipated use prior to or at the time at which the Personal Data is collected.

OUR DISCLOSURE OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AND OTHER INFORMATION

A Beautiful Mess is not in the business of selling your information. We consider this information to be a vital part of our relationship with you. There are, however, certain circumstances in which we may share your Personal Data with certain third parties without further notice to you, as set forth below:

Business Transfers: As we develop our business, we might sell or buy businesses or assets. In the event of a corporate sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or similar event, Personal Data may be part of the transferred assets.

Related Companies: We may also share your Personal Data with our Related Companies for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy.

Agents, Consultants and Related Third Parties: A Beautiful Mess, like many businesses, sometimes hires other companies to perform certain business-related functions. Examples of such functions include mailing information, maintaining databases and processing payments. When we employ another company to perform a function of this nature, we only provide them with the information that they need to perform their specific function.

Legal Requirements: A Beautiful Mess may disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to  _(i)  _comply with a legal obligation,  _(ii)  _protect and defend the rights or property of A Beautiful Mess,  _(iii)  _act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public, or  _(iv)  _protect against legal liability.

EXCLUSIONS

This Privacy Policy does not apply to any Personal Data collected by A Beautiful Mess other than Personal Data collected through the Service. This Privacy Policy shall not apply to any unsolicited information you provide to A Beautiful Mess through the Service or through any other means. This includes, but is not limited to, information posted to any public areas of the Service, such as bulletin boards, any ideas for new products or modifications to existing products, and other unsolicited submissions (collectively, “Unsolicited Information”). All Unsolicited Information shall be deemed to be non-confidential and A Beautiful Mess shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, distribute and exploit such Unsolicited Information without limitation or attribution.

CHILDREN

A Beautiful Mess does not knowingly collect Personal Data from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 13, please do not submit any Personal Data through the Service. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor their children’s Internet usage and to help enforce our Privacy Policy by instructing their children never to provide Personal Data through the Service without their permission. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Data to A Beautiful Mess through the Service, please contact us, and we will endeavor to delete that information from our databases.

LINKS TO OTHER WEB SITES

This Privacy Policy applies only to our site and the Service. Our Site and our Service may contain links to other web sites not operated or controlled by A Beautiful Mess (“Third Party Sites”). The policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the Third Party Sites. The links from the Service do not imply that A Beautiful Mess endorses or has reviewed the Third Party Sites. We suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their privacy policies.

INTEGRATING THIRD PARTY SERVICES WITHIN THE SERVICE

You may have the opportunity to access or interact with our Site and Service through Third Party Sites that offer social networking opportunities and products. Consequently, your Personal Data may be shared with those Third Party Sites and their products and those Third Party Websites and products may share your Personal Data with us. If you click on a link to a Third Party Site or product when using our Site or Service, you will leave our Site and Service and go to the Third Party Site or product you selected. If you choose to provide your information directly to Third Party Sites and products, your information will be governed by the policies of those Third Party Sites and products and A Color Story shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any third party website or service.

SECURITY

A Beautiful Mess takes reasonable steps to protect the Personal Data that we collect and maintain. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the Personal Data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. However, no Internet, email or other electronic transmission is ever fully secure or error free and while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Site or Service, you can send us an email at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)

By subscribing to email marketing and other promotional communications from Red Velvet Art, LLC d/b/a A Beautiful Mess ,you may receive promotional communications from our subsidiaries and affiliates. You may opt out of these communications at any time by updating your communication preferences.

We use your Individual Information to provide you with emails including promotional offers that may be of interest to you. We may maintain separate email lists for different purposes, and you may be included on more than one such email list. When you receive a promotional communication from us, or one of our subsidiaries or affiliates, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving communications from that particular list by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the email you receive. Despite your indicated email preferences, we may continue to send you service-related communications, including notices of any updates to our terms of use or privacy policy, which you may not opt out of.

USE OF WEB BEACONS OR GIF FILES

A Beautiful Mess pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons – sometimes also called single-pixel gifs – that allow A Beautiful Mess to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. A Beautiful Mess may include Web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. Some of these Web beacons may be placed by third party service providers to help determine the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns or email communications. These Web beacons may be used by these service providers to place a persistent cookie on your computer. This allows the service provider to recognize your computer each time you visit certain pages or emails and compile anonymous information in relation to those page views, which in turn enables us and our service providers to learn which advertisements and emails bring you to our website and how you use the site. A Beautiful Mess prohibits Web beacons from being used to collect or access your personal information.

ACCESSING WEB ACCOUNT INFORMATION We will provide you with the means to ensure that personally identifiable information in your web account file is correct and current. You may review this information by contacting us by sending an email to our support attendant – [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection)

CHANGES TO THIS STATEMENT A Beautiful Mess has the discretion to occasionally update this privacy statement. When we do, we will also revise the “updated” date at the top of this Privacy page. We encourage you to periodically review this privacy statement to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. Your continued use of the service constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates.

CONTACTING US If you have questions regarding our Privacy Statement, its implementation, failure to adhere to this Privacy Statement and/or our general practices, please contact us at [[email protected]](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#72010702021d0006321310171307061b14071e1f1701015c111d1f). A Beautiful Mess will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly respond and resolve any problem or question.
