> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wtopnews.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051210033657id_/http%3A//wtopnews.com/index.php%3Fsid%3D1737%26nid%3D164) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# wtopnews.com

PRIVACY STATEMENT  
(Last Revised June 4, 2002)

**General**. This web site (the "Site") is operated by WTOP AM/FM, ("Operator"). The following Privacy Statement (the "Statement") supplements the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/web/20051210033657id_/http%3A//policies/terms_of_use.cfm) posted elsewhere at the Site. You should read the Statement and the Terms of Use before you use the Site. By using the Site, you agree to be bound by all of the terms, conditions and notices contained or referenced herein. You should review the Statement from time to time. Operator may change the Statement at any time by posting revisions to the Site. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of the revised Statement. If you do not agree to all of the terms and conditions set forth in the Statement, you must exit the Site immediately. 

**No Use by Children.** The Site is not directed to, or intended for use by, children (defined as anyone age twelve or younger). Children should not use the Site or submit any information to Operator. 

**What Information is Collected.** There are two general types of information that can be collected as a result of your use of the Site: (1) Personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, telephone number and email address); and (2) aggregate information (such as your IP address – a number used to identify your computer when you are on the Internet – or the type of browser you are using). 

**Personally Identifiable Information.** Certain features available at the Site will require you to submit personally identifiable information about yourself ("Personal Information") as a condition of participation. Some of the features will be offered by Operator, while others will be offered by third parties. (For example, you may be required to submit Personal Information in order to enter an online contest conducted by Operator, or you may be required to submit Personal Information in order to receive news updates by email from a third party news source.) In addition, Operator may ask you to provide Personal Information for purposes unrelated to the use of a feature at the Site. In all cases, you can always refuse to provide Personal Information, but this may result in decreased functionality of the Site for you and limit your ability to receive information about products or services that may be of particular interest. In general, the use of Personal Information you choose to submit to a third party in connection with your use of the Site will be controlled by the privacy practices of the third party and not this Statement. 

**Aggregate Information/Cookies.** Operator and third parties will collect aggregate information through the use of "cookies" or by other electronic means. In general, a cookie is a small amount of data sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. With most browsers or other software, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. You can refer to the instructions for your browser to learn more about these functions. If you choose to reject cookies, the Site will not operate as efficiently for you. 

**Ownership and Use of Information.** Any information collected by Operator in connection with your use of the Site – regardless of whether characterized as Personal Information or aggregate – shall belong exclusively to Operator and will be used, maintained, updated, disclosed or sold by Operator at its sole discretion. 

**Forums.** The Site may include forums (such as message boards and chat rooms) that enable users to communicate with each other. Operator will not moderate or edit the forums and will not be responsible for the content or use of any material posted on any forum at the Site. Operator retains the right to delete at any time and for any or no reason any material posted at the Site. 

**Contact Information.** Questions concerning the Statement of the Site should be directed to [webmail@wtopnews.com](mailto:webmail@wtopnews.com).
