> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the emailsubmitters.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-08-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100829140342id_/http%3A//www.emailsubmitters.com/terms.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Terms & Conditions

**

By purchasing any of our products or services you are bound by these terms of use and when you access any of our sites it is the same as signing your name on the dotted line. If these terms of use are unreasonable to you then please do not purchase any of our products or services.

We do not tolerate the transmission of spam. We monitor all traffic to and from our Web servers for indications of spamming. Customers suspected to be using our products and services for the purpose of sending spam are fully investigated. Once we determine there is a problem with spam, we will take the appropriate action to resolve the situation. 

We define spam as the sending of Unsolicited Commercial Email (UCE), Unsolicited Bulk Email (UBE) or Unsolicited Facsimiles (Fax), which is email or facsimile sent to recipients as an advertisement or otherwise, without first obtaining prior confirmed consent to receive these communications from the sender. This can include, but is not limited to, the following: 

Email Messages   
Newsgroup postings   
Windows system messages   
Pop-up messages (aka "adware" or "spyware" messages)   
Instant messages (using AOL, MSN, Yahoo or other instant messenger programs)   
Online chat room advertisements   
Guestbook or Website Forum postings   
Facsimile Solicitations   


We will not allow our servers and services to be used for the purposes described above. In order to use our products and services, you must not only abide by all applicable laws and regulations, which include the Can-Spam Act of 2003 and the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, but you must also abide by our no spam policies. Commercial advertising and/or bulk emails or faxes may only be sent to recipients who have already "opted-in" to receive messages from the sender specifically. They must include a legitimate return address and reply-to address, the sender's physical address, and an opt-out method in the footer of the email or fax. Upon request by us, conclusive proof of opt-in may be required for an email address or fax number. 

If we determines that the services in question are being used in association with spam, we will re-direct, suspend, or cancel any web site hosting, domain registration, email boxes or other applicable services. The customer will be required to respond by email to us stating that they will cease to send spam and/or have spam sent on their behalf. We will require a non-refundable reactivation fee ($499) to be paid before the site, email boxes and/or services are reactivated. In the event that we determine the abuse has not stopped after services have been restored the first time, we may terminate the hosting and email boxes associated with domain name in question. 

We do not tolerate abuse of our servers by anyone using our programs. Abusing our servers slows the servers down substantially and wastes time and money. We take very seriously anyone who takes it upon his or herself to partake in activities which abuse our servers. We spend a great deal of money and effort to produce quality programs which work well for everyone so when anyone jeopardizes the efficacy of any program we will take actions to eliminate the problem. 

Many of the programs produced by us allow individuals to submit "unlimited" ads. We create "unlimited" programs for individuals who have more than one program they wish to promote. People who purchase and use "unlimited" advertising programs from us are expected to use discretion when advertising. An example of discretionary advertising would be submitting 3 different ads for 3 different programs which have different subject lines and ad bodies within one 24 hour period. An example of abuse would be submitting the same ad over and over and over again until such time as the server(s) get bogged down. This type of oversubmitting causes the most harm and in some cases may require us to execute a dev/null server command. It may also cause us to set a cron job which executes a dev/null command. Oversubmitting could also be submitting multiple registration forms for any individual program. Individuals who oversubmit will also be denied access to the servers by us which means they will not have access to the programs we produce or any other site hosted on our servers. 

We go to great lengths to explain the proper use of our products on all programs we build. Even though we do this so even the most naive marketer would understand, we still get thousands of form submissions each and every day which are not formatted correctly. Examples of incomplete form submission could be, but is not limited to: Not filling out any or all of the information requested on a registration form. Not entering the proper information on a form. When a name is requested it is the name of the individual we desire, not the name of a company. If we wanted a company name we would ask for a company name instead. When we request a URL from an individual we expect that URL to be properly formatted, as explained indepth on every program which requests it. A full explanation of this is included on every program which uses this advertising format. A correctly formatted URL looks exactly like this: http://your_url_here.com and it does not have a space before the http:// nor does a correctly formatted URL start with www. Only correctly formatted URL's will be accepted. Individuals who submit incorrectly formatted URL's will have their advertisements discarded and their licences revoked. 

We do not tolerate abuse of our staff in any form. Individuals who call or email us in an abusive manner will not be tolerated. Our systems are completely automated and are extremely simple to operate for 99.9% of the world. For example, we may receive requests from individuals who have lost their access information for a program they were clearly asked to "bookmark". Bookmarking means saving the page / website address in a safe place such as in the favorites folder or on the desktop or if neither of these options are available the client can use a pencil and paper to record the URL for future use. We expect people to follow directions and when they do not we cannot be expected to fix problems caused by the individual who cannot comply. We also do not permit derogatory advertisements or any advertising which could be considered offensive to anyone anywhere at any time. There are no adult sites allowed. If you get caught with any adult content in our ad systems your membership and / or licence will be terminated. We have a good relationship with our partnering websites and do not want it harmed with people who can not follow these simple rules. 

We use only permisison based, double opt-in leads in all of our submission programs. We initially load each database on each program with precisely the number of leads advertised. In most cases we do not replace the leads over time unless otherwise advertised. We advertise for our customers to these leads through our servers which protects our members from spam complaints and other problems. As an example, if we have a program which submits to 10 million leads and that program has one member, that member will be submitting to all 10 million leads. If that same program has 1000 members then each member will then be submitting to 10,000 leads, etc. Over time leads databases become depleted when leads unsubscribe from the database. The amount of time it takes for the leads attached to any individual program to become ineffectual varies and can be greatly influenced by rogue members who oversubmit ads. Typically, we find leads databases unsubscribe at a rate of 1% per day. We reserve the right to select the most cost effective means of advertising for our customers. We use a variety of advertising methods such as, but not limited to, double-opt-in email submission, pop-under ads, surf programs, FFA programs, Free Classified Ads, safelists and paid to read emails. The method we choose to advertise for our customers on any given day is based on the revenue available to us at that time. Based on that available revenue we may choose to use any of the afore mentioned means of advertising for our customers but do not limit ourselves to only those means. 

A lifetime membership to any of our programs is defined as the lifetime of the particular program. It is not your lifetime. As stated above, the average unsubscribe rate is 1% per day therefore a program's life is normally 100 days from the date of release, not necessarialy from the day you purchased it. When the program reaches 10% of its original lead count we then analyze the program's revenue performance and determine if it is economically viable for us to add new leads. If it is then we do and if it's not then we don't. Programs that reach the 100 day time period and are not reloaded with new leads are determined to be dead, their lifetime has expired and they are taken offline. Sometimes a replacement is offered and sometimes not. 

When a refund is requested the buyer will be blocked from using our servers and those of our affiliated companies. This means that the person will lose access to any and all memberships that are based on any of our servers which includes all partners and affiliates of ours. Being blocked for our servers is a serious condition as the person being blocked will be losing access to the submitter services of over 600 online marketing companies spanning the globe. When requesting a refund we require a full page receipt of the purchase regardless of which payment processor was used when making the original purchase. In some cases we may require an individual to submit a refund request form in order for us to process the refund request. 

We have made absolutely every effort to accurately represent our products or services and their potential. Despite this there is no guarantee that you will earn any money using our products or services. Examples are not to be interpreted as a promise or guarantee of earnings. Earning potential is entirely dependent on the person using our products or services. We do not purport this as a get rich quick scheme - the products or services are proven but their capacity to create wealth is based purely on the determination, commitment and willingness of the individual concerned. 

Your level of success in attaining the results claimed on our products or services depends on the time you devote to the products or services, your finances, knowledge and various skills. Since these factors differ according to individuals, we cannot guarantee your success or income level. Nor are we responsible for any of your actions. 

Our products or services may contain information that includes or is based upon forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities litigation reform act of 1995. Forward-looking statements give our expectations or forecasts of future events. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words such as anticipate,estimate,expect,project,intend,plan,believe, and other words and terms of similar meaning in connection with a description of potential earnings or financial performance. 

Any and all forward looking statements here or on any of our products or services are intended to express our opinion of earnings potential. Many factors will be important in determining your actual results and no guarantees are made that you will achieve results similar to ours or anybody else's, in fact no guarantees are made that you will achieve any results from our products or services whatsoever. 

We strive to do everything we can to respect the trust our customers have in our brand and our commitment to your privacy is no exception. We are committed to protecting and safeguarding consumer privacy on the Internet, especially for children. 

We are pleased to provide information to all of our customers about our online privacy policy. Please be assured that we use our best efforts to protect the privacy of visitors to this web site. 

We only gather personal information, such as, first and last names, addresses and email addresses, when voluntarily submitted by you. For example, personal information may be collected from you in order to get your feedback on our web sites and our products or to enter you in one of our contests or sweepstakes. 

We may share personal information within our family. Our family includes our franchisees, our subsidiaries and our affiliated companies. Of course, any use of this information by our family will comply with this policy. Occasionally, with your permission, we will send marketing information to you, such as discount coupons, information about new product offerings, etc. If you do not elect to receive such materials, we will not send them to you. 

Companies may be engaged by us to perform a variety of functions, such as, fulfilling orders, assisting with promotions, providing technical services for our web sites, etc. These companies may have access to personal information if needed to perform such functions. However, these companies may only use such personal information for the purpose of performing that function and may not use it for any other purpose. 

We do not sell, transfer or disclose personal information to third parties outside our family. However, with your permission, we will, on occasion send marketing information on behalf of one of our business partners about products or services they provide that may be of interest to you. You may be asked if you wish to receive marketing materials from our business partners. If you elect to receive such materials, we will not share your personal information with such partners but rather will send a mailing or email on behalf of the partners. 

We reserve the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety. 

You are in control of any personal information you provide to us on-line. If at any time, you would like to correct the personal information we have about you or if you would like to change your preferences for contacts from us or on behalf of our business partners, you can let us know by contacting us. 

"Cookies" are pieces of information that a web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies allow the web site to remember important information that will make your use of the site more convenient. Like most web sites, we use cookies for a variety of purposes in order to improve your on-line experience. For example, we track the total number of visitors to our site on an anonymous aggregate basis. We may also employ cookies so that we remember you when you return to the site, to keep track of the items in your shopping cart if you purchase merchandise online, to administer certain contests and sweepstakes and to help customize your web experience. We may associate personal information with a cookie file in those instances. 

Use the options in your web browser if you do not wish to receive a cookie or if you wish to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. Click on the "Help" section of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. If you disable all cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all the features of our web sites. 

We may offer links to sites that are not operated by us. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review their privacy and other policies. We are not responsible for the policies and practices of other companies, and any information you submit to those companies is subject to their privacy policies. 

All our web sites operated by us will adhere to this privacy policy. The policies of some of our sites may vary, however, because of local customs, practices or laws or due to circumstances unique to that site. In all cases, however, sites operated by us will honor the commitments to our customers set forth in this policy regarding the collection and use of personal information. 

We have made every effort to ensure our products are delivered successfully. Our easy to understand instructions are so failsafe that it is practically impossible to make a mistake. In fact, even with these failsafe methods in place, people still manage to lose their information. At least 90% of our support comes from people who failed to follow instructions or have other frivolous questions that have been answered in our terms of use. As a result, we will now charge a fee of $10 in order to process support questions that have already been covered either through our terms of use or the simple instructions we have given. This fee also applies to individuals who have lost their downloads due to a computer crash after failing to back-up their software to an external location, such as a CD or a USB flash drive. 

We reserve the right to alter, modify or terminate any of our services at anytime for any reason and may change any part of this policy without written notice to our clients, it is the sole responsibility of our clients to stay up to date on our policies. If a client ever feels that our policies are too restricting to them then the client's only recourse is to stop using our products and services. 

This privacy policy is effective as of January 1, 2009. From time to time, it may be necessary for us to change this privacy policy. If we change our policy, we will post the revised version here, so we suggest that you check here periodically for the most up-to-date version of our privacy policy. Rest assured, however, that any changes will not be retroactively applied and will not alter how we handle previously collected information.   


**
