> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the emailroi.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080616175720id_/http%3A//www.eroi.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# eROI e-Marketing Privacy Policy

We are deeply committed to protecting your privacy and take all reasonable steps to protect all data and information supplied to eroi.com. We protect your privacy in a variety of ways including using industry accepted security measures to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of data used by our system. 

The eROI Privacy Policy is designed to ensure the safety and accuracy of Internet users' personal information, whether gathered on this site or by our clients. We do not share any of your personally identifiable information with third parties. We are in the e-mail business, and understand the importance of personal information security. We are absolutely committed to personal privacy on the Internet. 

We enable our clients to reach their customers with highly personalized communications narrowly tailored to their interests. Our technical and marketing efforts bring us into contact with millions and millions of consumers. Therefore, privacy is absolutely critical to the way we do business. To that end, we strive to only work with companies guarding any personal information they collect from their existing or potential customers. eROI is a permission-based marketing company and seeks to uphold the privacy, security and comfort level of everyone with whom we come in contact. 

eROI collects data from Internet users including non-personally identifiable information from its site's visitors, IP address of their server and what pages they visited. We use this information to continuously improve our site's functionality. eROI also collects personally identifiable information, including e-mail addresses, from those visitors who opt-in to receive some information from us, make inquiries or comments. We use this information to directly respond to visitors' communications. If a customer joins an online marketing program with any of our clients, they typically submit some personally identifiable information to participate in this program. However, the type and amount of information collected varies, and each of our clients specifies what information is collected.

eROI collects personally identifiable information from those who register on our website to use any of our services. Such information includes name, address, and billing information. We use this information only to provide services to our clients and to receive payments for the use of our services. We also may collect information regarding your use of our services. We may use this and your personally identifiable information to compile general information about our clients and our services so that we may improve the services we offer. We may create reports based on that information to share with our clients, but these reports never contain any personally identifiable information. For example, we might determine from all of our data that there are certain days that are better to send emails as part of an email campaign. We might share that conclusion with our clients to improve the effectiveness of their email campaigns.

You may view your personally identifiable information that we have at any time by logging into your account through our website. You may update or correct this information at any time through your account or by sending an email to info@eroi.com.

Keeping your personal information secure is a top priority for us. Therefore, eROI utilizes 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, the industry's leading data security solutions, and has implemented policies and procedures to ensure the physical and electronic security of data stored by eROI. eROI employs permission-based marketing principles: it requires its clients to communicate only to users who affirmatively express an interest in receiving e-mails relevant to their interests in a particular company or product. Permission to receive e-mails may be granted and taken away; in other words customers may "opt-in" and "opt-out". If a customer chooses to opt-out, the eROI client is required to stop sending messages to that customer. eROI puts a high value on a customers' ability to discontinue receiving unwanted e-mail. 

eROI utilizes Cookie technology. A Cookie is information our web site places on the hard disk of your computer so that our web site can recognize who you are when you return to our web site. We use Cookies for purposes of web site traffic analysis such as the time/date of the visit, the time/date of last visit, the page viewed, the referrer, transaction information for eCommerce pages, and other data. eROI tracks click behavior in the e-mails it sends out. This data is used to update specific user-profile information, ascertain the areas of most interest to opt-in e-mail recipients, and to personalize e-mail messages to them. 

eROI does not sell, rent, loan, trade, or lease any personal information whether gathered by eROI itself or received from its clients. When eROI, on behalf of its clients, collects personally identifiable information from opt-in participants in those clients' marketing programs, such information belongs to those respective clients and is subject to their policies on sharing of the end user information. 

eROI is a general audience site and is not directed to children under the age of 13. Whether for itself or for its clients, eROI will not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from or about anyone under 13. eROI will make the best effort to assist its clients in complying with privacy laws and adhering to the highest industry standards on privacy. 

If you have received unwanted, unsolicited email sent via our system or purporting to be sent via this system, please forward a copy of that email with your comments to [info@eroi.com](mailto:info@eroi.com) for review. 

We reserve the right to modify this policy at any time. We will always post the most current version of this policy on our website.

If you would like to unsubscribe from ALL emailROI lists, please visit our [Global Unsubscribe](http://www.eroi.com/global-unsubscribe/) page.
