> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the itison.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-03-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140325224959id_/https%3A//www.itison.com/pages/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy – itison

## Privacy/Data Protection

### Safeguarding your rights

The privacy of our users is important to us and we take care to safeguard it. This policy explains how we use your personal information and elaborates on our Data Protection notice (which is displayed at the point of user registration).

### What information do we collect?

When you register as a user, we will collect the information necessary to provide the service which includes your name and an e-mail address. You will also be asked to provide your location and address, but you can register without providing these details. Once you are registered, you can revisit your profile at any time to amend these details or to provide additional details.

We will also collect information from you if you complete any other forms on our site or if you contact us with comments or specific requests.

### What do we use personal information for?

We want to provide a service which is personalised to each of our visitors. We also want to give you control of what you receive as a result of registering with **itison.com**.

From time to time we may also run deals in partnership with third parties who might then want to contact you. But don’t worry; if they do we’ll always ask your permission first, otherwise we’ll never share your details.

### Information collected automatically

We automatically collect information about your visit to our site. This information is used to make your visit to our site more efficient, and to help us follow browsing preferences on our site so that we can make regular improvements. Our external web host may also automatically log your IP address, a unique identifier for your computer or other access device.

### Cookies

Cookies are small text files that can be used by web sites to make a user’s experience more efficient. This site uses two kinds of cookie.

We use Google Analytics, a popular web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us to analyse how users use the site.

The information generated by the cookie about your use of our website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of our website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google undertakes not to associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

Also, when you register with **itison.com** , we offer you a cookie to save your login details. This means you will not need to use your username and password to access our content when using the computer on which the cookie is stored. However, you will still need to use your username and password to access your profile. The cookie file itself does not store your personal information.

More information about cookies, including how to block them or delete them, can be found at AboutCookies.org.

### Information requests

You can ask for a copy of the information we hold about you at any time (for which we may charge a small fee). We will also correct any inaccuracies in your information at your request.

### Changes to this Privacy Policy

If we make changes to our Privacy Policy that affect how we handle your data, we will let you know by email. Minor changes will not be notified. You can check our Privacy Policy at this page at any time. It was last updated in May 2009.

### Your Consent

By using this Website, you consent to us collecting and using your details in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

The information gathered pursuant to the Privacy Policy may be used by us and companies in the same group as us (i.e. companies which share the same ultimate parent company) as set out herein.

If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to be contacted by us, please notify us by email at the following address [support@itison.com](mailto:support@itison.com) and we will remove your details within 72 hours.

### Contact

itison is operated and managed by itison Ltd.

Argyll Chambers  
30 Buchanan Street  
Glasgow  
G1 3LB  
United Kingdom

If you have any queries concerning your personal information or any questions on our use of the information, please contact our [support@itison.com](mailto:support@itison.com) or call 0141 223 8843.
