> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zinch.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-11-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071125165739id_/http%3A//www.zinch.com/static/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Zinch.com

Zinch, LLC (together with Zinch.com, “Zinch”) is committed to respecting the privacy of the students who use the site to create online profiles. We strive to provide a safe, secure online user experience. By choosing to create a Zinch Profile you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy sets forth the online data collection and usage policies and practices that apply to Zinch.com and does not apply to information we collect in any other fashion. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of other websites to which you choose to link from Zinch.com or any of our affiliate sites (the “Zinch Sites”). We encourage you to review the privacy policies of the other websites to which you choose to link from Zinch.com, including the Zinch Sites, so you can understand how they collect, use and share your information. High school students (“Users”) participate in Zinch voluntarily. Participation in this website enables students to organize and structure their college admissions related materials and thoughts, access guidance and advice by way of the Zinch blog and receive information related to their educational needs helping them plan for the future. The most important benefit of participating in Zinch is the information students and their families will receive from participating colleges and universities. Zinch also uses student data for research purposes to enable colleges, universities and other educational institutions to have a greater understanding of the current pool of potential applicants. Colleges and Universities use Zinch student data in their outreach and recruitment efforts, but Zinch is not an application tool. All Zinch Users must still perform the standard, institution appropriate, application process as determined by each individual college or university. Zinch does not replace the college application process. When educational institutions register with Zinch through our Zinch.com service they gain access to the online database. Educational institutions include accredited colleges and universities, secondary and higher educational institutions, and nonprofit institutions whose purposes advance the mission of Zinch, add value to the admission and/or recruitment process, and increase the educational opportunities of our Users (“Third Parties”). 

**What Information is Collected**

Information collected may include, among other things, a participating student’s name, physical address, e-mail address, phone number, age, citizenship, details of academic and work history, preferences about the student’s educational future and other information entered into the student profile. All information entered is voluntary. Examples of areas on Zinch where we collect data are pages where students can open a Zinch account, create a Zinch profile (a “Zinch Profile”), sign up to use Zinch.com services or the services of other Zinch Sites, or enter a contest. Zinch has an array of possible information to fill out in order to better help students be recruited, but it is solely up to the student whether he or she furnishes such information. If a User does provide such information, he or she is thereby consenting to the use of that information in accordance with the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy. All posting done in the User’s profile that is original work including, but not limited to, music, essays, and art work is not available for public use or for sale by Zinch. The User maintains full rights and ownership of personal work. 

**Colleges and Universities**

We work with colleges, universities and educational institutions to provide targeted recruiting and outreach. Only those schools who have registered and been authenticated by the Zinch staff in accordance with the Zinch Letter of Understanding are authorized to view information contained in our database. When a college or university registers, it becomes a Zinch-friendly school. Each college and university has a personal contact on the Zinch staff whose job it is to oversee relations, provide assistance, and understand the recruiting needs of each college and university. 

**How Information is Collected  
**   
All personal information is gathered directly from Users through online registration forms. Only the User can modify his or her own, personal Zinch Profile once it has been created. 

**Personal, Student Information May Be Utilized For the Following Purposes:**

• For the student to contact institutions of higher education so as to indicate interest in a particular college or university; • To allow college and university admissions officers, educational institutions and/or Third Parties to access information in order to contact and recruit students; • To provide information or services that a User has requested; • To service a User’s account; • To improve Zinch’s services; • To develop and/or inform Users of additional products or services we think will be of interest and benefit to Users; • To answer questions Users may have; and • To inform winners of sweepstakes which we run on occasion.  
**  
Use of Information Obtained by Zinch   
**   
When a student registers with Zinch, he or she creates a unique Zinch Profile and establishes individualized privacy settings. Zinch Profile information, including User’s name, email and photo, are displayed to registered, Zinch-friendly colleges and universities that search through the Zinch database to recruit students. Students must select opt-in settings in order to share this personal information with any and all other parties that have been authorized by Zinch to use the database. Users will select how and with whom they wish to share their information. This is not a social networking site. Other students on Zinch.com will not be able to view Zinch Profiles other than their own or any information therein. Each User is able to edit and update the information provided in his or her Zinch Profile. This data may also be reviewed and accessed by Third Parties which may contact Users. Also, Zinch may allow related businesses (i.e. test prep services and other businesses deemed appropriate and relevant to the furtherance of the overall mission of Zinch) to access Users’ Zinch Profiles and to contact Users about their products and services. We may, on occasion, email our Users to send notifications about new features on the site. Each User shall be required to opt-in to have his or her information visible to third parties. All registered colleges and universities will have access to student information on Zinch. All organizations and institutions other than accredited colleges and universities will need User consent to proceed in viewing and communicating with Users. 

**What We Will Not Use Information For** We respect your privacy! Except as described above, or as otherwise provided by law, User information collected by Zinch will not be used in any other way. 

**More Regarding the Disclosure of Personal Information to Others**

We do not disclose Users’ personal information, combined personal and demographic information or information about use of Zinch.com to Third Parties, except as set forth below. 1. We disclose information to third parties when, and only when, Users consent to such disclosure at the time of registration for a Zinch.com account and at any time when a User edits profile information. With consent, we may supply contact information to organizations such as, but not limited to, university and college recruiters, data aggregators, and marketers for the purpose of sending e-mail or otherwise communicating with our Users. We rely on self reported data (such as the interests and preferences Users have expressed) to determine whether our Users might be interested in the opportunities, products or services of a particular organization. 2\. We disclose information if legally required to do so, if requested to do so by a governmental entity or if we believe in good faith that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (b) protect our rights or property of our affiliated companies; (c) prevent a crime or protect national security; or (d) protect the personal safety of users or the public. 3\. We would disclose and transfer information to a third party who acquires all or a substantial portion of our business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a substantial portion of our assets. In addition, in the event we become the subject of a bankruptcy proceeding, whether voluntary or involuntary, we, or our trustee in bankruptcy, may sell, license or otherwise dispose of such information in a transaction approved by the bankruptcy court. Users will be notified of any sale of all or a substantial portion of our business to a third party via email or through a prominent notice posted on Zinch.com. 

**Accessibility of Profiles  
**   
Users who choose to register, and who authorize consent, are allowing their Zinch Profiles to be searched by recruiters who access to our database. It is our intention to give access to our database only to authorized colleges, universities, educational institutions and Third Parties, but we cannot guarantee that others will not, without our consent, access this data. You may remove your Zinch Profile from our database at any time; however, recruiters and others who have gained access to the data may have already saved a copy of your Zinch Profile. We are not responsible for the retention, use or privacy of Zinch Profiles in this situation. 

**Posting to Public Areas  
**   
Please remember that if you post personal information in public areas of Zinch.com, such as in online forums or chat rooms, such information may be collected and used by others over whom we have no control. We are not responsible for the use made by third parties of information you post or otherwise make available in public areas of Zinch.com. 

**Correction of Information/Accessibility of Information  
**   
We provide Users with 24 hour access to their personal information after it has been collected. Users may also wish to amend or correct inaccuracies on information provided. If a User wishes to correct such inaccuracies or make any other changes, information can be accessed through our password protected access facility at http://www.zinch.com. If a User wishes to have his or her Zinch Profile deleted from our server, he or she should contact support@zinch.com. Removal from the Zinch server does not guarantee that your Zinch Profile will be removed from third party records. Any information gathered is to the best of our knowledge collected lawfully and fairly through Zinch.com and all information is assumed accurate and up to date and only information which is adequate and not excessive to our purpose for collection is retained. Users may review, correct, update or change their Zinch Profile and the information therein at any time. From each Zinch account, Users may also opt out of receiving newsletters and certain other information from Zinch. 

**Children Under 14 Years of Age**

Zinch does not intend to collect information from children under the age of 14 or knowingly allow those individuals to create profiles. All profiles stored are for high school students ages 14 or older and those seeking higher education who state their age to be 14 years or older.   
Aggregate Information About Our Users We routinely gather information about the use of Zinch.com and our other Zinch Sites by all of our Users collectively. Our server logs provide us with information such as what pages are being visited most, what domains our visitors are coming from (i.e. aol.com), when our servers are busiest, and what websites are referring Users to us. This information helps us to improve our services and to evaluate our marketing efforts. We only use such data anonymously and aggregately. This information may be shared with third parties, but only in the aggregate. 

**Cookies  
**   
We use cookie technology within Zinch.com. We use cookies for remembering User names and passwords and for tracking click streams. This allows Users to send inquiries to multiple institutions without the need to re-enter usernames and passwords each time. We do not utilize cookies to track Users activities in any other way. Cookies cannot obtain personally identifiable information such as e-mail addresses, or any other information stored on our Users hard drives. Cookies are pieces of data normally stored by your browser, and you can quite easily prevent cookie data from being sent by adjusting your browser settings; however Zinch.com will not function properly if Cookies are not enabled. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Zinch pages, or register for services, a cookie helps us to recall your specific information (such as user name, password and preferences). Because of our use of cookies, we can deliver faster and more accurate results and a more personalized site experience. 

I **nformation Protection and Security**

When a User submits information to Zinch, whether it be name, address, email or phone number, we do our utmost to ensure that information is protected against loss, misuse, alteration, destruction or unauthorized access. Zinch uses standard encryption tools such as SSL (Secure Socket Layer) to help protect personal information and to keep information collected secure. Encryption can be used after your data has left your internal system. Encryption renders your data unreadable using a mathematical formula known as the key. Your data is turned back into readable form, i.e. deciphered, by applying the correct key. Due to the nature of this technology, there is always a remote danger of information interception no matter what barriers are in place. Our system does provide for profiles to be sent via un-encrypted email, and may be susceptible to intercept at this point. Employees within Zinch with access to User information provided are instructed to utilize such information only in adherence to this Privacy Policy. Employees who utilize information for any reason other than the reasons stated within this Privacy Policy may be subject to reprimand or even legal proceedings. Third parties which access your data are instructed and agree to utilize such information only in adherence to this Privacy Policy; however Zinch is not responsible for the actions of third parties. We do, however, take reasonable measures to monitor the actions of third parties. Zinch retains the right to withdraw contractual relations with third parties found to undermine and/or damage the integrity of agreed upon educational purposes of third party communication. Zinch.com and the other Zinch Sites also contain links to other sites. The privacy policies of linked sites may differ from those of Zinch. 

**Cautions  
**   
Please note, if Users do not logout once registered for services that require registration, other users with access to your computer could view your personal information. If Users choose to participate in our online discussion forums, posts will be publicly accessible, as will the username and email address you use. 

**Registration  
**   
When registering on Zinch.com students will need to provide an email address and password. Students need to choose a secret password to keep the personal information entered on Zinch.com private. In addition, we request a mailing address and other information for certain services so that we can send requested information via mail, and provide authorized third party access. 

**Contact Details  
**   
If you would like to contact us for information on any of our services, information on our privacy policy, or for any reason relating to Zinch.com, we can be reached at the following: 

Contact Name: Zinch, LLC   
Address: 42 N. University Avenue, Suite 210, Provo, UT 84601 USA   
PH: 1-801-356-0293   
FAX: 1-801-356-0293  
E-mail: info@zinch.com   
URL: www.zinch.com 

Zinch reserves the right to modify or supplement this Privacy Policy at any time. 
