> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the zinus.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190529032940id_/https%3A//www.zinus.com/pages/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Zinus

This Privacy Policy describes how Zinus, Inc. and its affiliated brands, (collectively “Zinus” or “we” or “us”) collects and processes the information that you share when you use this website.

Before providing information to this website, please review this Privacy Policy carefully. By using or accessing this website, you accept the practices described in this Privacy Policy. If you prefer that we not collect and process information about you, please do not provide it to us and do not access this website. We collect information that you share with us through this website, including general information and your personal information. The general information includes browser information, operating system information, device information, TCP-IP addresses and the date, time, length of stay and specific webpages accessed during your visits to this website. The personal information includes information that can personally identify you, such as your name, email address and telephone number. For example, when you place an order, we collect your shipping address and financial information for payment. We maintain one or more databases to store your personal information and may retain it as reasonably required to serve you. Providing your personal information to us is your choice. If you choose not to provide us with certain personal information, you may not be able to take advantage of certain after-sales services that we provide.

In operating our website, we use web beacons collect general information, such as the type of browser that you use and your IP address. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to improve the technical operation of our website. Your IP address is also used to help identify you and to gather general information. Web beacons may also be used in conjunction with cookies. When web beacons are used with cookies, they may link general information to your personal information. Web beacons and cookies are usually not visible to you.

From time to time this website may include links to other websites that we do not own or control. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the linked website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s). We encourage you to review and understand the privacy policies of linked websites before providing any information to them.

Zinus retains your personal information for the period necessary to provide services related to the products we sell, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by applicable law.

Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of the use of the website is subject to the laws and jurisdiction of the State of California, United States of America.Our website is hosted in the United States. If you are visiting our website from outside the United States, your information may be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable California and U.S. law. Note that the data protection and privacy laws of California and the United States may not be as comprehensive as the laws in your country. By using this website, you consent to transfer of your information to our facilities as described in this Privacy Policy.

Information Security Practices Zinus has implemented reasonable safeguards to protect information that is collected through our website. When you submit your personal information (such as your credit card number) though our website, your personal information is encrypted with secure socket layer (SSL) protocol, the current industry-standard encryption protocol. Web pages that transmit SSL-encrypted information have URLs that start with “https://” instead of “http://”. Despite our reasonable efforts to safeguard and protect your personal information, however, it might still be possible for unauthorized third parties to access such information. Without limiting our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, you understand that we do not guarantee that your personal information will remain secure and inaccessible to third parties, and we are not liable to you for any breach of the privacy of your information, i.e., through hacking, unauthorized intrusion or cyber attack.

You are responsible for taking measures to monitor and mitigate any breach in the privacy of your personal information. Please do not use the website if you do not accept the adequacy of our information security practices and do not agree to hold Zinus harmless from damages that occur despite our reasonable efforts to prevent any malicious third-party intrusions.
