> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wsbradio.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021207004117id_/http%3A//wsbradio.com/about_us/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# wsbradio.com: Inside wsbradio.com : wsb-am

Cox Radio respects the privacy of visitors to our site. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully so that you understand our privacy practices.  

 Questions regarding privacy issues should be directed to Cox Radio to the attention of the [**General Manager**](mailto:feedback@cxri.net?subject=wsb-amfeedback). Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their names, email addresses, and phone numbers) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. We won't knowingly allow anyone under 13 to register with any of our sites or to access those features that require registration.  

 The information gathered by Cox Radio falls into two categories: (1) information voluntarily supplied by visitors to our website through optional registration or e-commerce transactions, and (2) tracking information gathered as visitors navigate through our site. Third party service providers on or linked to by our website, such as vendors of products and services offered through our site, may be gathering the same kinds of information.  

 To make use of certain features on our website (such as free email, personal web pages, chatrooms and other interactive forums) visitors need to register and to provide certain information as part of the registration process. We may also ask visitors for certain information with respect to our e-commerce services (such as in connection with the purchase of products/services on our website). (We may ask, for example, for your name, email address, sex, age, zip code and credit card information, and we might request information on your interest in concerts, different types of music and the like.) The information you supply will help us to offer you more personalized features, to tailor our site to your interests and make the site more useful to you, and to process e-commerce transactions.  

 The more you tell us about yourself, the more value we can offer you. Supplying such information is entirely voluntary. But if you don't supply the information we need, we may be unable to provide you with services we make available to other visitors to our site. And we can't send you email alerting you to a new service we're offering, or breaking news that may interest you if you don't tell us what you're interested in and give us your email address. Similarly, we can't notify you that you've been lucky enough to win a prize in a promotional contest if we don't know how to contact you.  

 Of course, even if you want to remain completely anonymous, you're still free to take advantage of the wealth of content available on our site without registration.  

 To help make our site more responsive to the needs of our visitors, we invoke a standard feature of browser software, called a "cookie," to assign each visitor a unique, random number, a sort of user ID, if you will, that resides on your computer. The cookie doesn't actually identify the visitor, just the computer that a visitor uses to access our site. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself (through registration, for example), we won't know who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your computer. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply. A cookie can't read unrelated data off your hard drive. Our advertisers and third party service providers may also assign their own cookies to your browser, a process that we don't control.  

 We use cookies to help us tailor our site to your needs, to deliver a better, more personalized service. We also use cookies to avoid showing you the same ad, repeatedly, during a single visit. In addition, we may use cookies to track the pages on our site visited by our users. We can build a better site if we know which pages our users are visiting and how often. Of course, you can set your browser not to accept cookies, but if you do, you may not be able to take advantage of the personalized features enjoyed by other visitors to our site.  

 Our web servers automatically collect limited information about your computer's connection to the Internet, including your IP address, when you visit our site. (Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data -- such as the web pages you view.) Your IP address does not identify you personally. We use this information to deliver our web pages to you upon request, to tailor our site to the interests of our users, and to measure traffic within our site.  

 To make our site more valuable to our visitors, we offer some features in conjunction with other providers. Our chat and free email services, for example, are made available through cooperative arrangements with providers that specialize in operating such services. And, of course, our site includes links to plenty of other websites, and provide access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we don't control. When you access another website, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of that site. And when you provide information in the course of obtaining products or services through our site, use of any information you provide may be governed by the privacy policy of the provider of those products or services, even if it appears that you?re on Cox Radio-branded pages throughout the transaction. The provider?s privacy policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of our provider partners via a link either from the site's homepage or from the pages on which the products or services are offered, you should contact the provider directly for more information.  

 When we present information to our advertisers -- to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites -- it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our site. From time to time, we may share either individual or aggregated information on visitors to our site with third parties that provide services on or are linked to by our website, and with those marketing products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. Please indicate on our registration form if you'd prefer we not share such information with them. If you want to change your election (or to review, update, or delete the information you provided on registering), just return to the registration form, enter the changes you want to make, and re-submit the form. Please note that we cannot guarantee that information you supply won't be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. And, of course, any information you include in a message you post to any chatroom, forum or other public posting area is available to anyone with Internet access. If you don't want people to know your email address, for3 example, don't include it in any message you post publicly.  

 We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [ click here](http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy/).  

 A final note: The Web is an evolving medium. If we need to change our privacy policy at some point in the future, we'll post the changes before they take effect.  

 Of course, our use of information gathered while the current policy is in effect will always be consistent with the current policy, even if we change that policy later.  

 
