> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the acer.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080619141850id_/http%3A//www.acer.com.au/acer/akc/marcom.nsf/Page/Marketing_Guidelines_Privacy_Policy%3Fopen%26current%3D20%26ms%3Dexpand%26) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Acer Computer Australia - Marketing Guidelines

**Our commitment to you...  
** To make sure your personal information remains confidential on the Internet or in all respects of electronic commerce, Acer Computer Australia is committed to provide the privacy policy for our online visitors. We do not sell your name or any other information collected from you. This Privacy Policy is to inform you of our online information practices and the choices available regarding the collection and use of your information.

**What we collect and how we collect it:** For each visitor browsing our website, our web sever automatically recognises and stores the visitor's IP address (the Internet address of the visitor's computer) to determine which areas of our site is being visited and how long each visitor spends there. This information helps us to understand visitors' traffic patterns through our website so that we can enhance the overall usability of our website. Your computer provides this information automatically each time you log on, unless you've activated blocking technologies available in some browsers. While we do not generally require that you provide us with individually identifiable information in order to visit and use our website, at times we may ask you to provide us with personal information such as your e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number, demographic information, or a persistent identifier (such as user name and password), which is associated with individually identifiable information, to enable you to make a purchase, register a product, correspond with us, participate in an on-line survey, subscribe to a mailing list or newsletter, or register for special purchase discounts. If you choose not to provide it for those activities, you may not be able to participate in them. 

**Cookies:  
** Like many websites today, we may employ a standard technology called cookies to collect information about how you use our site in order to provide you with a better experience by measuring which areas of our website is of greatest interest or to remember you when you return to visit us. We have no desire or intent to infringe on your privacy while visiting our site. Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. You can choose to set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the choice of rejecting or accepting the cookie. Cookies may also be used by third party ad-serving companies when they place ads on our website and control which ads are shown. These ad-serving companies may use cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information from you. Advertisers use this information to target the ads and measure their impact. It is important to note that we do not inappropriately or willfully use such cookies technologies.

**What we do with personal information:**  
The information you provide will be kept confidential and used to support your customer relationship with Acer Computer Australia. Among other things, we want to use this data to tailor your experience on our website. Unless you instruct us otherwise, we will send you information about our various product upgrades, special offers and other new products and services from Acer Computer Australia that we feel may be of interest to you. Only Acer Computer Australia (or agents working on behalf of Acer Computer Australia and under confidentiality agreements) will send you these direct mailings. If you do not want to receive such mailings, simply tell us when you give us your personal information. At any time should you choose to, you could opt-out of receiving future mailings by contacting with Acer's webmasters; see the opt-out section below. Acer Computer Australia will not share your personal information to any outside organisation for its use in marketing or solicitation without your consent. Your information may be shared with agents or contractors of Acer Computer Australia for the purpose of performing services for Acer Computer Australia. For example, if we need to ship something to you, we must share your name and address with a shipping company. We only provide third party agents with the minimum amount of information needed to complete the requested service or transaction. 

**Linked websites:**  
Other sites which are linked to/from our website may have different policies. Acer Computer Australia does not share any personal information collected with those sites and is not responsible for any information or content of such websites. We encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on those sites for details.

**Security measures:**  
We protect the personal information you share with us. At Acer Computer Australia, access to your personal information is limited to people who need it to do their job. In addition, it is our policy to maintain the integrity of any personal information within our possession. To prevent security breaches, Acer Computer Australia collects and stores all personal information in a separate location from this website, with no connection to the Internet or any other network. Furthermore, Acer Computer Australia uses a lot of security techniques, such as SET or industry-standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption for transmission of credit card information or wherever personal information is required on all web pages, to protect any personal information from unauthorised access by users, however, we do not guarantee a perfect security on the Internet.

**Children's guidelines:**  
Acer Computer Australia will NOT knowingly collect online contact information from children or minors (as defined by local requirements) and if we learn that we have personal information on a child or minor, we will delete that information from our systems. Acer Computer Australia encourages parents or guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in their online activities. Children or minors are eligible to use our online sales transactions services ONLY with a parent or guardian's consent to and payment for the transaction, or to the extent permitted by applicable law. If you are a child or a minor, you are required to get the permission of your parents or guardians in order to complete certain transactions on this website.

**Use and disclosure of anonymous aggregated information:**  
Acer Computer Australia may also collect, aggregate and maintain anonymous information about the online visitors to our website, such as visitors' hobbies, interests, purchasing habits and the like. This data can then be used to tailor Acer Computer Australia's website content and advertising to deliver a better experience for our visitors. In addition, Acer Computer Australia may also share such aggregate information about our visitors with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties; for example, to inform them about the percentage of male/female visitors or percentage of visitors within a particular age range.

**Subscription:**  
The information provided is for subscription purposes only. Every effort will be made to keep all personal details confidential. As part of your subscription, you agree to receive e-mail communications related to the site. Some communications are considered essential, such as announcements of new products, functions, features or pricing changes.

**Policy governs use; changes to privacy policy:**  
The terms of this policy will govern the use and any information collected while it is in place. Acer Computer Australia reserves the right to change this policy at any time. Changes to this privacy policy are effective at the time they are posted to this site.

**Questions:**  
For any questions or comments regarding Acer Computer Australia's privacy policy or website, please contact us at: [mktg@acer.com.au](mailto:mktg@acer.com.au)
