> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the talentedge.in privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140625133903id_/http%3A//www.talentedge.in/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Executive mba distance education | MBA in information technology | Executive mba in material management

At TALENTEDGE, we are committed to protect the privacy of all those who visit our Website. For Us, your visit is the beginning of our relationship. It is our keenest intent to ensure that you feel confident that the information we collect, and that you choose to share, will be treated with care. We want our customers and potential customers to feel comfortable when visiting our Website and when contacting us through Internet based media.

When you visit and navigate our sites and when you communicate with us via our sites, we will not collect personal information about you unless You provide us that information voluntarily. Any non-public personal information that You may provide via our sites will be used solely for the purpose stated on the page where it is collected. (In some cases and in all cases where required by law or regulation, you will be able to update the information that you provide to us either by sending us an e-mail or, where you have established personal profiles with us, by updating your profile online. Please refer to the specific pages where data is collected for more information. TALENTEDGE will not sell, license, transmit or disclose this information outside of its own and its affiliated companies unless (i) expressly authorized by You, (ii) necessary to enable TALENTEDGE contractors or agents to perform certain functions for us, or (iii) required or permitted by law. In all cases, the Company will disclose the information consistent with applicable laws and regulations and the Company will require the recipient to protect the information and use it only for the purpose it was provided.

"personal information," means data that is unique to an individual, such as a name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number. From time to time, the Company may request personal information from you at the Website in order to deliver requested materials to You, respond to your questions, or deliver a product or service.

The Company welcomes your comments or questions about the Website and have provided e-mail ids for that purpose. Please note that your e-mail, like most, if not all, non-encrypted Internet e-mail communications, may be accessed and viewed by other Internet users, without your knowledge and permission, while in transit to the Company. For that reason, to protect your privacy, please do not use e-mail to communicate information to the Company that you consider confidential. If You wish, You may contact the Company instead via non-cellular telephone at the numbers provided at various locations on this Website.

The e-mail address You submit to receive information from www.talentedge.in will never be disclosed to any third party. All e-mail that You receive will be from the domain names talentege.in

There are some locations on this Website where the Company has made special provisions for a more secure environment, in which the Company can exchange information with You. At each of these locations, the Company will provide you with appropriate instructions.

From time to time, TALENTEDGE Website may provide links to other websites, not owned or controlled by the Company, that it thinks might be useful or of interest to You. The Company cannot, however, be responsible for the privacy practices used by other website owners or the content or accuracy of those other websites. Links to various other websites do not constitute or imply endorsement by TALENTEDGE of these websites, any products or services described on these sites, or of any other material contained in them.

TALENTEDGE has adopted and adheres to stringent security standards designed to protect non-public personal information at this Website against accidental or unauthorized access or disclosure. Among the safeguards that TALENTEDGE has developed for this Website are administrative, physical and technical barriers that together form a protective firewall around the information stored at this site. 

**Copyright Notice**  
All text, images, and other materials, thus communicable via both digital, print or any other media, on this Website are subject to the copyrights and other intellectual property rights of TALENTEDGE. Ownership of the copyrights in the selection, coordination and arrangement of the materials on this Website rests with the Company. These materials thus shall not be copied for commercial use or distribution, nor these materials shall be modified or reposted to other sites.

**Trademark Notice**  
All trademarks displayed on this Website are subject to the trademark rights of the Company. The unauthorized use of any trademark displayed on this Website is strictly prohibited. 

**Disclaimer**  
Any information given by us on a specific training programme or franchisee model or on such other information pertaining to Company's training business are given on as is basis without any warranty or representation of any kind. The Company does not represent or warrant that they are accurate, complete or correct. The fees or other expenses indicated are subject to change without any notice. The Company is also not responsible for any loss or damage resulting from misuse of your personally identifiable information. Unauthorized medication of any information on this Website shall result in criminal prosecution.

TALENTEDGE may change this Policy from time to time. The Company encourages You to periodically reread this Policy to see if there have been any changes that may affect you. This Statement is not intended to and does not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. 
