> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the talentica.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190618062447id_/https%3A//www.talentica.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**YOUR PRIVACY IS IMPORTANT TO TALENTICA. HENCE WE HAVE CREATED THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT TO DISCLOSE THE KIND OF INFORMATION WE GATHER AND THE WAY WE SHARE IT.**

This statement provides an insight to the way we protect your privacy during your visit to the site.

The different kinds of Personal Information we may collect about you through our sites consist of name, address, email address, phone and fax numbers, institution, title or job position or any other kind of contact information if necessary, information about the initiative and interest that you have in Talentica services, information about your interest in newsletters, or other services that we provide, information provided for the purpose of registration of your organization for solutions offered by Talentica, and any other information that you may provide to us through our online form or through an email. When we ask you to give us direct information we also intimate you about the purpose of it. Some information is also used as feedback and is used to improve the accessibility and information on the website.

Talentica collects your information in order to record, support and facilitate your participation in the activities you select and to prevent fraud and unlawful use. If you subscribe to or register for Products and Services, for example, the information is used to register your rights, if any, to technical support or other benefits that may be made available to registered users. As another example, if you enter a contest, information is collected to qualify the entry and to contact you regarding the contest or prize awards. Your personal information may also be used to track customer preferences to provide a customized Site experience and keep you informed about product upgrades, special offers, and other products and services of Talentica and selected Providers unless you have opted not to receive such communications or such communications are prohibited by law. As permissible, we may also supplement the information you provide to us with demographic and other information (such as age or interest) stored in third-party databases in order to make it more likely that marketing communications we send will be of interest to you.

Talentica may communicate information to you regarding products, services, and special offers available from Talentica unless you have opted not to receive such communications or such communications are prohibited by law, although in such cases we may find it necessary to continue to communicate with you regarding your use of the Site and the Products and Services. In addition, you may receive communications and special offers from selected Providers or from Talentica on behalf of such Providers), but only if you previously opted in to receive such communications.

Alike standard Website servers, we also gather and use IP addresses from browsing machines to administer the site and assess trends and popularity of the site or certain pages. We reserve the right to share cumulative and anonymous information with our Talentica employees and at times with contractors or third party agencies working for us. We ensure that we will not sell or rent your personal information for any type of commercial gains.

However Internet being of an open nature, data may flow over networks without security measures and may be accessed by individuals or organization for whom or which it is not intended.

**IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS ABOUT THE PRIVACY STATEMENT OR PRACTICES OF THIS SITE, PLEASE CONTACT US AT[INFO@TALENTICA.COM](mailto:info@talentica.com)**
