> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the talent.io privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161103230032id_/https%3A//www.talent.io/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# talent.io - Great Jobs for Great Developers

The protection of your privacy is of particular importance to us, the Talent Club SAS in France, talent.io Recruitment GmbH in Germany, and talent.io UK Ltd (hereinafter ”Talent”). Furthermore, it is important to us that you know, at any point, when we store your personal data and how we use it. 

### What is this Privacy Policy about?

The details provided in this Privacy Policy shall provide you with information about when and how we collect personal data relating to you during your use of the websites and service operated by Talent under the domain ”talent.io” (“Service”) and how we use such data. We inform you about the kind of personal data, the scope of personal data, and the purposes that such collection and use of personal data is performed for. 

### What is personal data?

Personal data is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. A person is identifiable, if the person can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identification number or to one or more factors specific to his physical, physiological, mental, economic, cultural or social identity. This may include data such as e.g. name, email address, telephone number and mailing address. We process your data in the context of our service only when you have given us your consent to do so, or where it is permissible by law. 

### What kind of personal data does Talent collect?

With every access of our Service data related to this event is being saved to a protocol file or database on the server of our hosting service provider. This also applies to data you enter in order to use the Service or contact us. 

We collect the following information: 

  * File name of the content retrieved respectively, information submitted by you in the course of using our service, communication data and notes provided by you, Talent or other users of the platform while using our services; 
  * Date and time of the requests; 
  * Amount of data transferred, access status (content transmitted, content not found, etc.); 
  * Operating system, browser and device type; 
  * Screen resolution, language and time zone settings; 
  * Referrer-URL, i.e. internet address of the website visited previous to accessing our offering; 
  * IP address and name of your internet service provider. 



### How does Talent use my personal data?

Talent uses the data for the following purposes: 

  * Providing the services, you requested, e.g. matching you with other users of our service. 
  * Making certain that you have the best user experience, e.g. edit your profile and settings. 
  * Honoring our contractual obligations to you, e.g. inform you about possible connections (Interview Requests, Offers) via the platform, email, text message or phone. 
  * Enabling you to participate in our services. 
  * To inform you about changes to our service. 



### Does Talent use Cookies?

A Cookie is a small file sent by Talent – like many other internet services do – to the user’s browser which is then stored on the user’s device in order to recognize the user when the user revisits our Service the next time. Such Cookie usually contains the name of the domain the Cookie originates from, the durability of the Cookie until it expires, and a value in terms of a unique number generated by a respective random generator. 

Using such Cookies enables Talent to recognize the user, and to statistically record the use of the service as well as analyze it in order to improve it. The website can be accessed with cookies disabled, but the Service may not be usable or its usability deteriorated without cookies. Cookies that are already on the device may be deleted by the user at any time, manually or doing so via the settings of the browser. We want to point out, however, that using the Service provided by Talent may possibly be limited or not as convenient without Cookies. 

### Does Talent use analytics tools?

Talent automatically records information, namely usage data. For advertising, market research, improvement of existing and creation of new innovative products, Talent may create aggregated anonymized data. 

Besides that, Talent uses Google Analytics to track the usage of the Service in order to optimize the Service for the users. All data is used in anonymized form. 

Google Analytics is a web analytics service of Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called Cookies, text files, which are stored on the user’s device and which enable an analysis of the use of the Service by the user. By activating IP anonymization on the Service, the IP address of the user will however be shortened by Google within the member states of the European Union or other contracting states of the agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will the full IP address be transferred to a server in the US and shortened there. Google will, on behalf of Talent, use the information to analyze the use of the Service by the user, in order to compile reports about the activities of users on the Service and in order to provide further services associated with the use of the Service and the internet. Google will in no way combine the IP address of a user with other data of Google. Users can prevent the installation of the cookies by a corresponding setting of the browser software; Talent however points out that in this case users can if applicable not use all functions of the Service of Talent in full. The users can object to the collection and use of their IP address by Google Analytics by downloading and installing the browser plugin available here: 

[Opt-out (browser plugin)](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout)

Thereby, a cookie will be placed on your device. In case you delete your cookies, you will have to click the link again. 

### Does Talent save my data in case of me making a request?

In case you direct an inquiry to Talent, Talent saves the communication history with you as well as information and data submitted in the course of this communication (e.g. email address), in order to optimally answer your request and any further follow-ups. 

### Is my data secure?

The data about you is being protected with all reasonable efforts. However, we have to point out that the Internet does not allow for absolute data security despite all technical measures. We are not liable for actions of third parties. 

### What are my rights in relation to Talent?

You have, upon such request, the right to cost-free information about the personal data stored in regard to your person. Furthermore, you have a right subject to the statutory provisions to have such personal data corrected, blocked, and deleted. 

### How do I contact Talent regarding data privacy aspects?

We look forward to your contact in case you might have requests, questions, or suggestions relating to data privacy. Please direct your request to: 

#### France

Talent Club SAS  
13 rue d'uzès, 2ème étage  
75002 Paris, France  
privacy@talent.io 

  


#### Germany

talent.io Recruitment GmbH  
Waldemarstraße 37a  
10999 Berlin, Germany  
privacy@talent.io 

  


#### United Kingdom

talent.io UK Ltd  
We Work, 9 Devonshire Square  
London EC2M 4YD, United Kingdom  
privacy@talent.io 
