> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the talkwithstranger.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180318143555id_/http%3A//talkwithstranger.com/Talk-To-Strangers-Privacy-Policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TalkWithStrangers Privacy Policy - Free Random Chat Rooms With Strangers | Free Online Chat

###  **Preamble**

This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally identifiable information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as used in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website. 

###  **Terms & Conditions Usage of our Chat Site **

By using the TalkWithStranger Web site, and/or related products and/or services ("TalkWithStranger", provided by ), you agree to the following terms: **Do not use TalkWithStranger if you are under 13.** Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children"). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are under 18, use it only with a parent/guardian's permission. Do not transmit nudity, sexually harass anyone, publicize other peoples' private information, make statements that defame or libel anyone, violate intellectual property rights, use automated programs to start chats, or behave in any other inappropriate or illegal way on TalkWithStranger. Understand that human behavior is fundamentally uncontrollable, that the people you encounter on TalkWithStranger may not behave appropriately, and that they are solely responsible for their own behavior. Use TalkWithStranger at your own peril. Disconnect if anyone makes you feel uncomfortable. You may be denied access to TalkWithStranger for inappropriate behavior, or for any other reason. TalkWithStranger IS PROVIDED AS IS, AND TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IT IS PROVIDED WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, NOT EVEN A WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT ALLOWED BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE PROVIDER OF TalkWithStranger, AND ANY OTHER PERSON OR ENTITY ASSOCIATED WITH TalkWithStranger'S OPERATION, SHALL NOT BE HELD LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING FROM THE USE OF TalkWithStranger, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES RELATED TO TalkWithStranger OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER. 

###  **Parental Control Softwares**

Parental control protections (such as computer hardware, software, or filtering services) are commercially available that may assist you in limiting access to material that is harmful to minors. If you are interested in learning more about these protections, information is available at **[List of Parental Control Softwares](http://www.techradar.com/news/the-best-free-parental-control-software "Parental control softwares to block chat sites") ** as well as a number of other Internet sites that provide information on this form of protection. 

###  **What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website or app?**

When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience. At TalkWithStranger, we collect information which are essential for providing a better and more efficient chatting experience to you and other users of their Website. Information we may collect includes the login information you provide us with each time you open an account on our Website (including but not limited to name, contact details, phone number, email, username and password), any information which you might fill up on the Website by subscribing to any of the services offered on the site, your correct date of birth, and any information provided to us by means of correspondence (including but not limited to email, telephone or fax)(together, “Personal Information”). In case you do not wish disclose any such Personal Information, please do not set up an account on our website, or directly provide us with any Personal Information though any method (including but not limited to the methods listed above) of communication. By registering on our Website, you agree to provide us with accurate, complete and up-to-date information. 

###  **Where do we use your information (if needed)?**

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. Third-party links We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website. Google Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en We use Google Ad Exchange Advertising on our website through partner ship with Sortable. Google might associate the ads you see on our website with your Google account so that you can see personalized Ads (Interest based Ads) Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy. 

###  **Why do we collect information?**

At TalkWithStranger, we need your Information to provide users a seamless chatting experience on our website, and to efficiently manage any enquiries, requests or complaints that you may have, or to notify you of any promotions, offers or updates that we may have. We may disclose your Information to our subcontractors, subsidiaries, affiliates or third party advertisers, service providers (including those hosting and managing our Website, providing customer service, marketing and advertising and other related services), and sponsors who administer our promotions. Information can be used to manage and administer coupons or contests, for promotions or surveys, to conduct research and analysis, improve TalkWithStranger’s monitoring process, to prevent fraudulent transactions, or to monitor against theft and otherwise protect users, guests or our Website. 

###  **If I have a problem, how can I contact TWS support?**

You can certainly go to our contact page and contact us at any time when you have an issue. We are here to help you resolve your problems and love to hear from you. Feel free to give us new suggestions. You may reach out to us via our [Facebook page](https://www.facebook.com/talkwithstranger) or email us on [ Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/blog/contact-talktostrangers-support/)

###  **Do we collect cookies?**

We use cookies to: • Understand and save user's preferences for future visits. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If users disable cookies in their browser: If you disable cookies off, some features will be disabled It will turn off some of the features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders Your last nickname won't be saved. 

###  **Your Personal Information?**

We never ask our users to share their personal information with us and we don't recommend them to share with others on the website. This is why we have also disabled URLs sharing in the random chat. We (TWS) will not be responsible for any information you share with other users . As we don't collect any personal information from our users. By using talkwithstranger, you are agreeing to all the terms and condition of our website. 

###  **Use of Logs?**

We may collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. However, this is by no means assures that our chat logs are retrievable on our servers. Our website remains anonymous and private, and only the information you enter or tell to your chat partner is what you send and is visible to your chat partner only. Everything else stays private throughout your chat session. Once the chat is exited, there is no way for users to retrieve it back. In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our Service's functionality. These third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information. 

###  **What is the CAN-SPAM Act?**

We have the right to prevent spam and any other fradualent activity on our website. We can ban IP addresses and permanent use of our service for anyone who would start to misuse the chat service in anyway. This includes running bots, fake promotions or hurting our user experience in any way. CAN SPAM Act The CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations. We collect your email address in order to: To be in accordance with CANSPAM we agree to the following: • NOT use false or misleading subjects or email addresses. • Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way. • Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters. • Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used. • Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly. • Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at • Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email. and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence. 
