> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the talkingdata.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181226173249id_/https%3A//www.talkingdata.com/privacy.jsp%3Flanguagetype%3Den_us) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TalkingData-移动.数据.价值

Beijing Tendcloud Tianxia Technology Co. Ltd. and its affiliates (hereinafter referred to as “we/us” or “TalkingData” collectively) pay much attention to the protection of personal information and privacy. TalkingData understands the importance of personal information and will do its best to protect your personal information. We are committed to maintaining your trust in us, and we will abide by the principles of participation, openness, and transparency. When one visits the TalkingData website or signs up for any TalkingData product or service, We will adopt appropriate protection measures to safeguard your personal information, in accordance with leading industry standards. If you have any questions, comments, or suggestions, please reach out to us using one of the following contact methods:  
E-Mail: support@tendcloud.com  
Phone: 400-870-1230  
Fax: 010-57842077

####  **Important Notice:**

**This Privacy Policy only applies to products and services offered by TalkingData. including but not limited to: the website, SDK, API, Code, tools, product documentation, etc. It does not apply to products or services offered by third parties through TalkingData or through third-party links on the TalkingData website. For these cases, we suggest you carefully read the privacy policies of each third party.** **This Privacy Policy is very important for TalkingData’s products and services. Please carefully read it to understand how we collect, use, store, and transfer your information and/or your end users’ information. We strive to explain it in a clear, understandable, and appropriate way so that you can understand your rights and make your choices accordingly.** **Please note that visiting the TalkingData website or using any of our services means you have read, learned, and agreed to our privacy policy. This policy is valid throughout the whole process of using our website and its services, so if you do not agree with this policy you may stop using the TalkingData website immediately and the various services described below.** **This Privacy Policy will help you understand the following:** **1\. How we collect and use your personal information  
2\. How we use cookies and similar technologies  
3\. How we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information  
4\. How we protect your personal information  
5\. Your rights  
6\. How we handle children’s personal information  
7\. How your personal information is transferred internationally  
8\. Updates to this policy  
9\. How to contact us**

####  **I. How we collect and use your personal information**

Personal information refers to information recorded in electronic or other forms that is capable of, either by itself or in combination with other information, to identify the identity of a specific person or that specific person’s activities.TalkingData will only collect and use your personal information or that of your end users for the purposes described in this policy. **Unless specifically stated, this service is only available to users in mainland China (PRC). If you are located outside the PRC, or if you use TalkingData’s products or services for end users outside the PRC, please comply with the Overseas Personal Information Protection Compliance Commitment as well.  
When we use data for purposes not covered by this policy, we will ask for your consent in advance.  
When we use information collected for a specific purpose in a different way, we will also ask for your consent in advance.** 1\. Provide you with online information services **When you visit and browse our website, like most websites, we will:**

i. Use cookies to store conversations/select information from your computer;  
ii. Automatically collect certain information and store it in log file. This information includes: Internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), reference/exit page, OS, date/time stamp, click-data stream, and so on.  
iii. We use this information to:  
\--Improve your website experience and service quality;  
\--Help us manage website content more efficiently;  
\--Analyze group users’ on-site activities. 

2\. Overview of Usage of TalkingData Services **i. When you register for TalkingData, we will request your personal information, including your name, company name, e-mail address, password, telephone number, and QQ number to create a new account When you contact us afterwards and continue to use our services, we may request additional contact information, including:**

\--Postal address, telephone number, duty, and position;  
\--Your company information, such as company name and business type;  
\--Your product information, such as mobile application name, content, type, promotion channel, etc.

**We may use this information to:**

\--Send you a registration confirmation;  
\--Manage your account;  
\--Respond to clients’ service requirements;  
\--Learn about your company’s requirements and product interests, so as to determine the most applicable product and service;  
\--Contact you for marketing and promotion purposes, and provide you with more information about our products;  
\--Research and analyze to improve the quality of our website and services.

**ii. You can contact us through the e-mail address listed on our website. You may provide personal information when you contact us by e-mail, and we will use this information to respond to your questions and service requirements as well as upgrade our website and services.** 3\. Details for Usage of TalkingData Services **i. TalkingData Analysis Service TalkingData provides data statistics tools and analysis services for mobile applications through the integration of TalkingData’s SDK and API in the application. Your application will collect and transfer users’ relevant data through technical means, and our service will help analyze this data to learn more about performance and usage of your application on different devices, platforms, or application distribution channels. ** **Your users’ device data usually includes, but is not limited to: SDK or API version, platform, time stamp, application mark, application version, application distribution channel, iOS IDFV, iOS IDFA, Android advertiser mark, IP address（for geolocation only）, MAC address, IMEI equipment model, device manufacturer, device equipment OS version, conversion start/end time, language, mobile network/country code, time zone and network situation (WiFi or others), hardware, CPU, battery usage, etc.** **In accordance with your mobile application type and your requirements for statistical analysis, your users’ device data may also include: user’s gender, age, location, equipment information, OS, operator, promotion channel, trigger event, mistake report, volume of page views, etc.** **For the purpose of providing our analysis service, TalkingData will send the above data to TalkingData’s servers through your application and display it in a data and analysis report. You could check relevant statistics and analysis results through logging into your account on our website.** **When performing Brand Growth service, TalkingData SDK or/and API do not collect any impression-level data through the ad that will be used for subsequent ad targeting, TalkingData does not use hyperlocal geo-targeting (especially with mobile ads via GPS) or browser packet-sniffing, and no activities such as browser/device fingerprinting tracking impression-level page scraping will be conducted.** **Under no circumstances will we set, or assist or knowingly permit any third party to set a cookie, or alter/delete a cookie set, on any third Party Owned and Operated domains (especially Google).** **ii. Industry Report Service:** **We will build a TalkingData database based on data collected through our analysis service and through other legal means. We will make an analysis report about an application’s performance evaluation or behavior pattern (hereinafter referred to as an “industry report”) regarding publisher, industry, specific area, and market information. Industry reports will be displayed in an unidentifiable convergent way, including those published by TalkingData itself and those customized in accordance with your requirements.** **In special cases, we will also use TalkingData’s statistical models to make assessments of certain applications or types of applications. The results of these assessments may be derived from the data obtained from your application and are therefore consistent with your application. However, these assessments are based on the data model we calculated for evaluation purposes and they are aggregated and anonymous.** **iii. TalkingData DMP** **We will build TalkingData’s database based on data collected through our analysis service and other legal means. We will form a TalkingData User Identifier (TDID) through aggregation, cleaning, and calculating to build a large third party data center. This data center classifies mobile device users with common features and interests into different groups of people. It will also provide crowd tag information in an open interface format to help optimize delivery and enhance marketing effectiveness.** **The user can purchase the corresponding tag information by using the TalkingData DMP to match the TDID. The tag information is obtained through collecting large amounts of mobile application users’ data, aggregating and anonymizing it, applying intelligent calculations, and finally presenting it in the form of statistical analysis data, which contains no private or personally identifiable information.** **iv. Smart Data Market** **We provide a service named Smart Data Market both for data service providers and demanders to enable online transactions of data and its derivatives (referred to as “data products,” regardless of whether they are in the form of data API, tools, or application software), which are produced and/or processed by TalkingData itself or authorized by a legitimate right holder.** **We guarantee that the ownership of data products produced and/or processed by us is clear and compliant with relevant laws and regulations regarding the protection of personal information. Under normal circumstances, data products used in the Smart Data Market for trading and licensing are de-identified. Under some special circumstances when personal information may be accessed, it is required that explicit authorization is received from the related person and that use of such data is limited within a specific range. Meanwhile, we are trying our best to require that third party data owners guarantee that their data products meet the above requirements.** **v. Consulting:** **We provide solutions, professional consulting services, and TalkingData University. In the provision of these services, we may ask that you provide additional personal information to understand your business or product. Please decide carefully whether you feel comfortable providing this information.** **4\. Exceptions:** ****Pursuant to relevant laws and regulations, it is not necessary to obtain your authorization to collect your personal information in the following cases:****

 **i. Directly related to national security and national defense safety;  
ii. Directly related to public safety, public health, and major public interest;  
iii. Directly related to criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, and enforcement of judgments;  
iv. To protect material legal rights such as the lives and property of individuals or other individuals but fail to obtain the consent in time;  
v. For the purpose of academic research and related outcomes, it will be de-identified;  
vi. The information collected is already made public by yourself;  
vii. The information collected is publicly and legally disclosed, Such as legitimate news reports, government information disclosure or others;  
viii. To fulfill the contract you have signed;  
ix. To maintain stable operation of the products or services provided by TalkingData, such as discovering and disposing malfunction of products or services;  
x. Other circumstances as prescribed by laws and regulations.**

5\. Authorization and Consent from End Users’ Data **You are clearly aware that you need us to collect, store, and process personal information from users of your application, for the purpose of carrying out our analysis and providing our statistics. Therefore you must undertake the following:**

i.You have fully obtained necessary authorization, consent, and permission from end users for the purpose of the performance of our service;  
ii. You have fully obtained necessary authorization, consent, and permission from end users for us to process the data anonymously we collected;  
iii. You have complied and will comply with applicable laws, regulations, and requirements, including but not limited to formulating and publishing policy relevant to protection of personal information and privacy.  
iv. You should make the disclosure and explanation to the end user, allowing us to transfer our collected data to third parties for online targeted advertising purposes on the condition that anonymization processing has been made with respect to such data and information before transfer. You should also provide end users with easy-to-use selection mechanisms, indicating how and when the user may exercise the option and how and when the user can modify and withdraw the option, so that the user can choose to agree or disagree with the collection and use of his/her information and transfer of such information to third parties for online target advertising purposes.

****You shall be liable for comprehensive settlement and compensation to us for possible loss of any kind if you violate the above commitment and cause your end user’s claim against us in any way, or if you cause us to be involved in any legal or administrative procedure.****

####  **II. How do we use cookies and similar technologies**

1\. Cookies In order to keep our website up and running, we store small data files called cookies on your computer or mobile device. Cookies often contain identifiers, site names, and some numbers and characters. With cookies, websites can store data including your preferences or which goods and services you are interested in. The above cookie technology is limited to the scope of web browser cookies, We do not use Flash Cookie technology for data storage.We will not use cookies for any purpose other than those described in this policy. You can manage or delete cookies according to your preferences. For details, see AboutCookies.org. You can clear all cookies saved on your computer, and most web browsers have a cookie-blocking feature. However, if you choose to do this, you will need to personally change your user settings each time you visit our site. In addition to cookies, the email we send you may include a click URL that links to the content of our website. If you click on this link, we will track your click to help us understand your product or service preferences and improve customer service. If you do not want your activity to be tracked this way, you can unsubscribe from our mailing list at any time. 2\. Do Not Track Feature Many web browsers have a “Do Not Track” feature that can issue “Do Not Track” requests to websites. At present, major Internet standards organizations have not yet set up policies to specify how websites should respond to such requests. If your browser has “Do Not Track” enabled, all of our websites respect your choice.

####  **III. How do we share, transfer, and publicly disclose your personal information**

1\. Sharing We do not share your personal information with any other company, organization, or individual except in the following cases: **i. We may share your personal information with other parties after obtaining your explicit consent;** **ii. We may share your personal information externally in accordance with laws and regulations, or as required by government authorities;** **iii. Share with our affiliates: Your personal information may be shared with TalkingData affiliates. We only share the necessary personal information and are bound by our Privacy Policy["x49x66"] an affiliate wants to use your personal information in a different way, we will seek your explicit consent;  
Our affiliates include: Suzhou Tendcloud Tianxia Technology Co. Ltd** **iv. Sharing with advertisers, ad networks, or other operators: We will cooperate with such authorized partners to use processed data from the TalkingData DMP platform for commercial use in various ways, such as using data to optimize ad delivery and increase marketing effectiveness. We will not use personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, or any contact information through which one can contact or identify an individual) or provide advertising and analysis unless we receive your permission and the end user’s permission. We will provide our partners with information about advertising coverage and effectiveness without providing personally identifiable information. We may aggregate this information so that it does not identify individuals. For example, only after advertisers agree to comply with our advertising guidelines may we tell them how effective their ads are, how many people saw their ads, or how many people installed applications after seeing their ads. We provide partners with demographic information that is not personally identifiable (e["x67"][""] “25-year old male in Beijing who likes software development”) to help them understand their audience or customers. ** **For companies, organizations, and individuals with whom we share personal information, we will sign strict confidentiality agreements with them and ask them to process this information in accordance with our instructions, this privacy policy, and any other relevant confidentiality and security measures.** 2\. Transfer We will not transfer your personal information to any company, organization, or individual except in the following cases: **i. Transfer with explicit consent: We will transfer your personal information to other parties only with your explicit consent;** **ii. When it comes to mergers and acquisitions or bankruptcy, if it requires a transfer of personal information we will require the new company or organization to either continue following this privacy policy or ask for your consent.** 3\. Public disclosure We will only publicly disclose your personal information in the following circumstances: **i. After obtaining your explicit consent** **ii. Legal disclosures: We may disclose your personal information publicly, if we are subject to legal procedures, lawsuits, or mandatory requirements from government authorities** **iii. In an emergency situation, we will still seek to protect the legal rights and safety of our company, our agents, our customers, end users, and others** **iv. If we bring forward lawsuits or arbitration in order to safeguard our legitimate rights or those of our users.**

####  **IV. How We Protect Your Personal Information**

1\. Measures we have taken to ensure data confidentiality: There is no method of transmission on the Internet or method of electronic storage that is 100% secure. Even though we have safeguarded personal information to the highest level, it is still possible for there to be stolen, illegally obtained, or misused data that brings risk to you, your property, and your reputation (or that of your users). You have understood the above risks and agree to continue. We will use industry-accepted and reasonable standards to protect the security and confidentiality of the information we store, including but not limited to: firewall and data backup measures, data center access restrictions, encryption of mobile device identification information. We have established a sound data security management system, including hierarchical classification, encryption and preservation of user information, data access rights, internal data management systems and operational procedures, and strict process requirements for data acquisition, use, and disposal.  We will take all reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that no unnecessary personal information is collected. We will only keep your personal information for the period required to achieve our purposes, as described in this policy, unless we need to extend the retention period for reasons required by law. We have also established a safety and privacy protection training program with the goal of increasing employee awareness. We will review, update, and disclose TalkingData security risk and impact assessment reports from time to time. 2\. Emergency situations and early warning: In the unfortunate event that there is a personal information security incident, we will promptly notify you of the basic situation and possible impact, as well as the emergency response we have undertaken or plan to take, in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. We will also notify you of any related data disposal measures, remedial measures, etc. If it is too difficult or impossible to notify individuals one by one, we will adopt a reasonable and effective method to issue an announcement. We will also take the initiative to report the security incident to the relevant authorities.  **If you discover that any of your personal information is leaking out, please contact us immediately using the contact information outlined in this privacy policy.**

####  **V. Your Rights:**

In accordance with China’s relevant laws, regulations, and standards, as well as common practices in other countries and regions, we guarantee that you exercise the following rights with regard to your personal information: 1\. Access your personal information: You can access your personal information by logging into your account and going to the “Account Management” page, with the exception of any exceptions provided by laws and regulations. We will provide you with other personal information that arises from your use of our products or services to the best of our ability. If you want to access your data, please send an email to: [support@tendcloud["x63x6fx6d"]] 2\. Correction/Supplementation When you find that there is any mistake in your personal information that we collect or that there should be an update to your personal information, you can log into the “Account Management” page and correct or update it yourself. If there is special information that cannot be processed by yourself, you may contact us through various methods posted either in this privacy policy or on other TalkingData webpages. To protect your account, we may ask you to finish verification. 3\. Deletion If you choose to close your account or click “opt-out” on the TalkingData website, it would be deemed that you choose to withdraw your authorization. We would stop collecting your personal information and delete your personal information. Please understand that we may not delete your personal information immediately from the backup system, but we will delete your personal information when the backup is updated. You can request for TalkingData to delete your personal information in the following cases: **i. If we use your personal information in a way that violates laws, regulations, or this agreement  
ii. If we collect and use your personal information without your consent  
iii. If we deal with personal information in violation of your agreement  
iv. If you no longer use our products or services, or if you cancel your account  
v. If we no longer provide you with products or services** If we decide to respond to your request for deletion, we will also, as soon as possible, notify the third party with which we have shared your information to delete your personal information, unless this party has acquired your authorization or other contrary legal provisions. If you are unable to access, update, or delete your personal information, you may contact us through TalkingData Customer Service at any time. We will respond to your request within 15 days. **Notwithstanding the above provisions, we may keep certain data for a reasonable period of time within the limit allowed by law for dispute settlement, users’ agreement performance and compliance with technical requirements related to safe operation.** 4\. Changing the scope of your authorized consent Each business function requires some basic personal information to be completed (m1 Q2 1 sk$RHNiK3 this puMzgRXuv4). For the collection and use sk$RHNiK3 additional collected personal information, you may give or withdraw your consent at any time. When you withdraw your consent, we will no longer process the corresponding personal information. However, your decision to withdraw your consent will not affect the processing sk$RHNiK3 personal information from your previous authorization. You can cancel by rejecting commercial advertisements through the “Opt-Out” channel: <http://www.talkingdata.com/optout.jsp?languagetype=zh_cn> 5\. Cancel the account You can cancel your previously registered account at any time. You can do it yourself by doing the following: [support@tendcloud.com]. After cancellation of the account, we will stop providing products or services for you. We will delete your personal information in accordance with your requirements, unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations. 6\. Obtain a copy of your personal information You have the right to obtain a copy of your basic personal information, personally identifiable information, personal health information, and personal education or work information by sending a request to TalkingData. We can also directly send a copy of your personal information to a designated third party according to your requirements. 7\. Automatic decision-making information system **Based on the personal information that is legally collected, automatic decision-making (such as commercial information push) is implemented through tagging or profile processing through non-manual automatic decision-making techniques, such as information systems and algorithms. The above behaviors make your personal information unidentifiable, and cannot be considered as sharing, transferring, or disclosing any of your personal information to any third party. If these decisions significantly affect your legal rights, you have the right to ask us for an explanation and we will provide appropriate remedies to the situation. If you do not wish to participate in this type of targeted advertising, please cancel through the following Opt-Out channel:<http://www.talkingdata.com/optout.jsp?languagetype=en_us>** 8\. Responding to your request For security, you may need to provide a written request or prove your identity in some other way. We may ask you to verify your identity before processing your request. We will respond within thirty days. If you are not satisfied, you can read Part 9 about how to file a complaint. For your request, we do not charge fees out of principle. However, we will charge a certain amount for requests that are repeated many times or in excess of reasonable limits. We may reject requests that are duplicative, require excessive technical assistance (for example, developing new systems or fundamentally changing current practices), pose risks to the rights of others, or are very impractical (for example, involving backup of information stored on tapes). In the following cases, we will not be able to respond to your request, as required by laws and regulations, if it relates to the following: **i. Directly related to national security and national defense security  
ii. Directly related to public safety, public health, and the public interest  
iii. Directly related to a criminal investigation, prosecution, trial, or execution of judgment  
iv. If there is sufficient evidence that you have abused your rights  
v. If responding to your request may result in serious damage to your rights, those of other individuals, and those of organizations  
vi. Involving or related to trade secrets**

####  **VI. How we handle children’s personal information**

We have made it clear that we do not accept minors as registered users. We will not knowingly collect and use children’s data. **If your application is designed and developed for children, make sure that you take the necessary technical measures and precautions to ensure that the end user’s registration and use of the application is performed by the child’s guardian. In addition, you must establish a full user agreement and privacy policy. For collecting children’s personal information through parental consent, we will only use such information if permitted by law and if there is explicit parental or guardian consent.** Although local laws and customs may have different definitions for children, we consider anyone below the age of 14 to be a child.  If we find ourselves inadvertently collecting personal information from children without first obtaining parental consent, we will try to delete the data as soon as possible.

####  **VII. How your personal information is transferred around the world**

In principle, personal information collected and generated within the People’s Republic of China will be stored within the territory of the People’s Republic of China. During the process of providing services, we may transfer the data obtained from you or your product end users to an affiliated entity or other third party outside your jurisdiction, and such transfer will be handled to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations and provide adequate protection of your personal information in accordance with this policy. If you or your product end user is located beyond the jurisdiction of the PRC, or when you and your product terminal user is in the jurisdiction of the PRC while we need to transfer it to the place outside the jurisdiction of the PRC, you shall consent or obtain consent from the end user for this international transfer. We highly advise you to consult local professionals to ensure that this transfer complies with local data protection requirements. Especially, when the international transfer involves the European Union or the United States, please pay attention to the legal regulations for data protection and protection of personal information in these places.

####  **VIII. Policy Updates**

We have the right to adjust the privacy policy at any time in accordance with change of service, adjustment of applicable laws and policies, as well as other factors. We will not diminish your rights guaranteed under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. Any update to this privacy policy will be published on this webpage marked with the updated time. **Therefore, please check the privacy policy regularly so that you are always in compliance. If you do not agree with this privacy policy, please terminate visiting and using our service.** If there are material changes to this Privacy Policy, such as changes in the content of your personal information, changes in the controller of your personal information, changes in the sharing/transfer/disclosure of personal information, or changes in your rights related to the protection of personal information, we will notify you in a more significant way, such as through a pop-up or letter. Material changes to this policy include, but are not limited to: **i. If there have been major changes in our service model, such as in the purpose of processing personal information, the types of personal information handled, how we use personal information, etc.  
ii. If we have undergone major changes in ownership and organizational structure, such as business adjustment, bankruptcy, mergers, or other such changes  
iii. If there have been changes in personal information sharing, transfer, or public disclosure  
iv. If there has been a major change in your rights to participate in the processing of personal information and in the way it is used  
v. If there are changes in the responsible department, contacts, or complaints channel, with regard to how we handle personal information security  
vi. If the personal information security impact assessment report indicates that there is high risk** This policy is an important part of the TalkingData Terms of Service.

####  **IX. How to contact us**

If you have any question, advice, or complaint related to our privacy policy, please contact support@tendcloud.com. We will respond within 15 days. We have set up a Personal Information Protection Department. You can contact us here: 【td_legal@tendcloud.com】. In general, we will reply within 30 days. If you are unsatisfied with our response, especially if we believe that our personal information processing practices are in any way detrimental to your legitimate rights and interests, you can also make complaints or reports to the relevant telecommunications, public security, and commercial regulatory authorities. **You may also submit the dispute to the Beijing Arbitration Commission for arbitration in Beijing in accordance with its rules at that time.**
