> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tally-weijl.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171227163445id_/https%3A//www.tally-weijl.com/en_COM/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy | TALLY WEiJL

## In General

Our websites are operated by Tally Weijl Trading AG, Viaduktstrasse 42, CH-4051 Basel, Company Number: CHE-104.296.780, Commercial Registry Basel-Stadt, Director: Beat Grüring. Tally Weijl Trading AG is the data controller for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.  
The protection of your privacy when using our Website and our Tally Weijl-Online Store is very important to Tally Weijl Trading AG und all other companies belonging to the Tally Weijl Holding AG Group (hereinafter referred to as „we“, “us” or „Tally Weijl“). We have therefore drafted the following Privacy Policy und would thus like to explain what information is acquired, stored and in what manner it may be further used by Tally Weijl.  
The contents of this Privacy Policy must be updated from time to time. You should therefore read it again the next time you visit our website or the Tally Weijl-Online Store. As a rule, Tally Weijl will only pass on and use your data if you have given us your permission to do so or if the processing and the use of such data are admitted by law. Only data will be acquired, processed and used if the data were voluntarily provided to us or if necessary for the performance and use of our services or data.

## Personal data which may be acquired by us when visiting our Tally Weijl Online Store

When you visit our website, none of your personal data (such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, gender or age, etc.) will be stored unless you voluntarily provide personal data or certain data are automatically acquired through cookies (for more information, see section about cookies).  
As a visitor of the Tally Weijl Online Store, you may be requested in some places of our website to provide personal data such as your name, e-mail address or postal address. This, for instance, is the case if you request our Newsletter or other information to be mailed to you or if you wish to participate in sweepstakes, ask us questions or write an e-mail message to us. In these cases, the provision of your name and your address is voluntary.  
The data provided to us will be stored and processed by Tally Weijl Trading AG and used to contact you if you ask us a question, to notify you as a winner of our sweepstakes or to mail you the Newsletter or other promotional material or information about us at your request.

## Personal data which may be acquired by us when buying at our Tally Weijl Online Store

In our Tally Weijl-Online Store you have the choice to either buy merchandise by using a customer account or as a guest.  
While setting up your costumer account you are invited by Tally Weijl to provide personal data. This data is used to process the purchases. With a customer account you can access your data without new registration und make purchases in the Tally Weijl Online Store in a convenient way. You are able to update your personal data in the customer account any time and submit further information on a voluntary basis. In your customer account you can also find your purchase history.  
You can make purchases in the Tally Weijl Online Store without setting up a customer account just as a guest. In this case, Tally Weijl only collects the personal data necessary for the actual purchase such as name, billing- und delivery address and credit card data. No purchase history will be established.  
Information provided by you in the customer account, as a guest or generated by the customer account will be processed and stored in a central database of the Tally Weijl Trading AG in Basel/Switzerland. Data necessary to process orders are automatically provided by Tally Weijl Trading AG to other Tally Weijl companies with its registered seats in the European Union if necessary for sales processing.

## Transfer of Data to Third Parties

Without your express permission, your personal data will not be passed on to third parties outside the Tally Weijl Holding AG Group.  
In the event that we appoint external service providers with the processing, management or design of the website or with the handling of the newsletter distribution, they shall be contractually bound to observe strict confidentiality and shall not be considered as third parties under data protection law. In particular, these service providers must not use your data for any other purpose than that originally stated.  
For the processing of your purchases you agree that Tally Weijl submits personal data to particular third parties which are responsible for payment transaction, credit check, fraud screening, and delivery of the merchandise.

## Cookies

Our website and the Tally Weijl-Online Store make use of what is known as "cookies" (cookies are small text files which visited websites send to the user’s terminal - computer, tablet, smartphone, notebook etc. - where they are stored in order to be sent again to the same websites). These are intended to make our website more user-friendly and to simply and make its use more effective and more secure. They further serve to analyze the usage of our website and the Tally Weijl-Online Store in an anonymous way.  
Cookies can be classified as permanent and temporary (session cookies). Permanent cookies are stored as a file on your computer or mobile device. Session cookies are stored temporarily and disappear when you close your browser session.  
Moreover, the following categories can be identified, depending on the purpose of the cookie:

  * technical cookies (used exclusively with a view to carrying out the transmission of a communication on an electronic communications network, or insofar as this is strictly necessary to the provider of an information society service that has been explicitly requested by the contracting party or user to provide the said service);
  * profiling cookies (aimed at creating user profiles and used are used to send ads messages in line with the preferences shown by the user during navigation). We do not use of profiling cookies on our website;
  * analytics cookies (cookies used for statistical analysis relating to the use of the website and to monitor its correct functioning).



  
Third-party cookies are cookies received by websites or web servicers other than the website he/she is visiting. We use third-party cookies to collect statistics in anonymized and aggregate form in analysis tools. The cookies used are both permanent and session cookies.  
Cookies do not contain any viruses and do not damage your computer. You can easily erase cookies from your computer or mobile device using your browser. Please note that if you choose to disable cookies, you will not be able to take advantage of all our features.  
Please find below a chart in which the cookies used are listed, together with the type and purpose of each cookie.

Cookie Name| Cookie Type| Purpose  
---|---|---  
Google Tag Manager | Third-party permanent cookie | Analytics cookie  
Google Analytics | Third-party permanent cookie | Analytics cookie  
Clogin | First-party permanent cookie | Technical cookie (for login purposes)  
Cnil | First-party permanent cookie | Technical cookie (for the acceptance of the cookie policy)  
CoreID6 (IBM) | Third-party Permanent cookie | Analytics cookie  
Storepath | First-party Permanent cookie | Technical cookie (for the selection of language and country)  
cmTPSet | First-party Session cookie | Technical cookie  
JSESSIONID | First-party Session cookie | Technical cookie  
WC_ACTIVEPOINT | First-party Permanent cookie | Technical cookie  
WC_GENERIC_ACTIVITYDATA | First-party Session cookie | Technical cookie  
WC_PERSISTENT | First-party Session cookie | Technical cookie  
WC_SESSION_ESTABLISHED | First-party Session cookie | Technical cookie  
WC_USERACTIVITY_-1002 | First-party Session cookie | Technical cookie  
WC_USERCATIVITY_3015774 | First-party Session cookie | Technical cookie  
Zanox | Third-party Session cookie | Tracking cookie  
  
  
Please find the information notices for third-party analytics cookies at the links below:   
Google Analytics: http://www.google.com/intl/it_ALL/analytics/learn/privacy.html (you can deactivate Google Analytics at the following link: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/181881?hl=it);   
Google Tag Manager http://www.google.com/intl/it_ALL/tagmanager/faq.html;  
CoreID6 (IBM) http://www-01.ibm.com/support/knowledgecenter/SSPG9M/Implementation/impl_cookies.html?lang=it;  
Zanox http://www.zanox.com/it/riguardo-a-zanox/privacy_policy/.  
In order to deactivate cookies and to read the relevant information notices of third parties, please visit the website http://www.youronlinechoices.com/it/le-tue-scelte.  
You can also set your browser in order to be warned of the presence of a cookie and thus decide whether to accept it or not. It is also possible to set the browser in order to automatically refuse any cookie. If the user decides to refuse cookies, it is possible that certain interactive features of our website cannot be used, in whole or in part. Please find below the links to the instructions of the most common browsers for the deactivation of cookies:  


  * Microsoft Internet Explorer
  * Google Chrome
  * Apple Safari
  * Mozilla Firefox
  * Opera



  
We remind that you have the following rights:  


  * obtain confirmation of the existence or non-existence of your personal data and communication of such data in intelligible form;
  * to know the source of the data, the purposes and methods of the processing, the logic applied to the processing if the latter is carried out with the help of electronic means, the identification data concerning the Data Controller and data processors and the subjects or categories of subjects to whom such data might be disclosed;
  * c) to obtain the update, correction and integration of data, the cancellation, anonymisation or the blockage of data processed unlawfully, as well as the certification that such operations have been notified, as also related to their contents, to the entities which the data were communicated or disseminated, unless this proves impossible or involves a manifestly disproportionate effort compared with the right that is to be protected;
  * d) to object, in whole or in part, (i) on legitimate grounds, to data processing, even though they are relevant to the purpose of the collection, exception made for the mandatory processing set forth by the law; and (ii) to the processing of personal data, where it is carried out for the purpose of sending advertising materials or direct selling or else for the performance of market or commercial communication surveys.



## Use of Facebook, Twitter and Instagram plug-ins

Facebook, Twitter and Instagram plug-ins (hereinafter referred to "Social Media Platforms") are used on our Internet pages. When you use such plug-in, a connection to the Social Media Platform's server is established and you will be displayed the Social Media Platform. This will result in the transmission to the Social Media Platform server of those Internet pages of ours you accessed.   
If, at the same time, you are logged on to the Social media Platform as a member, the Social Media Platform will assign this information to your personal user account. You can avoid this by logging out of your personal user account before you use the plug-in.   
More information on data acquisition and use of data by Facebook, Twitter and Instagram and your rights and options in this respect for the protection of your privacy can be found in the data protection notice of the Social Media Platform.

## Online Application

Personal data made available to us in connection with job applications shall only be used for purposes of recruitment and later in the event of employment for the execution of the employment contract. These data shall be accessible to persons of the Recruitment und Human Resources department working for Tally Weijl and/or the department leaders involved in the recruitment process. Tally Weijl does not use e-recruitment as such with databases of applicants. Instead, an application is directly forwarded by e-mail to the persons responsible for recruitment where applicable.

## Debt Collection

Tally Weijl uses your personal data for the collection of open receivables. In the course of this, Tally Weijl mandates collection agencies which process your personal data on behalf of Tally Weijl and in strict compliance of this privacy policy as well as under the required security precautions. For the collection of open receivables you agree that Tally Weijl submits your personal data to collection agencies.

## Security

Tally Weijl attaches great importance to the secure use of your personal data and will take adequate precautions to protect them from loss, misuse or falsification, however, it cannot be guaranteed that this will not happen in any case. You have to be aware of the fact that the transfer of information over the Internet is never absolutely secure.

## Your rights / How to contact us / Information about your data

You are entitled at any time to request information about your personal data stored by us, ask questions about the Privacy Policy, object to the use of your personal data or request that your personal data be corrected, blocked or deleted. In this case, please contact our data protection officer who is available at the following telephone number: + 41 (0) 61 568 61 80 and/or e-mail address: privacy@tally-weijl.com. Your concerns will be addressed by us.
