> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fridae.asia privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151227225642id_/http%3A//www.fridae.asia/privacypolicy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Fridae | Empowering LGBT Asia

| 

We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our Site.

**(a) What information do we gather/track about you?**

> When you register with our Site, we receive and store the information you enter on our Site. Such information includes but is not limited to contact information (such as name and e-mail address) and demographic information (such as ZIP/postal code, age or income level). 
> 
> Your contact information from the registration form is used to send you information about our Services. 
> 
> We will also use your contact information to contact you when necessary. You may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section in sub-clause (h) below. 
> 
> From time to time, we run contests or surveys on our Site in which we will ask you for information. These contests or surveys are optional. 
> 
> We may share both the results of, and the individual entries in, surveys with the sponsors of the survey. Also, the results of contests may be shared with our business partners and advertisers on an aggregate basis. 
> 
> We also log Internet Protocol (IP) addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Site. 
> 
> Although, our Site contains links to other sites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the Content of such Web sites. 

**(b) What do we do with the information we gather/track?**

> We share the demographic and profile data with selected partners on an aggregate basis for the sole purpose of targeted advertising. 
> 
> Demographic and profile data also is collected at our Site. We use this data to tailor your experience at our Site, showing you Content that may be of interest to you, and displaying the Content according to your preferences. You can then better enjoy our Products and/or Services. 
> 
> We may use an outside advertising company to display advertisements on our Site. These advertisements may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Site, cookies received with banner advertisings are collected by our advertising company and are only used for purposes of displaying advertisements on our Site. We do not have access to this cookie information. 
> 
> We will NOT sell, barter or trade your personal information gathered at the time of sign up, except where noted above, and/or when required by law to protect the safety of Members, employees or property. Any information that you supply in reference to an advertisement posted on our Site or outside marketing campaign in conjunction with an advertisement is not protected under this privacy policy.

**(c) What are cookies?**

> We use cookies to make sure you don't see the same advertisement repeatedly. We use cookies to deliver Content specific to your interests, to save your name and password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our Site, and for other purposes. 
> 
> Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers (small sets of information) that are generated by you when you log onto our Site. They are stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies contain information such as your member name and password. So every time you browse through a page at our Site, a cookie is sent to our Web server as a means of identifying you. This is how our Web server knows which profile or email account to show you when you log on to us. It also helps to keep track of the Content you are interested in. Please note that you may reject the use of cookies and you may still use our Site. 
> 
> However, the cookie will help you navigate and experience our Site with greater ease and convenience. 

**(d) What about online interaction and postings?**

> You can access the chat rooms and message boards on our Site. Please note that we do not record chat text from public or private chat rooms. The only time chat text may be recorded is in special event rooms during scheduled events. 
> 
> We encourage you to be smart about choosing when, and to whom you release personal information online. Please remember that you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information as such information, when released in these areas, becomes public information.   
> 

**(e) What security measures are in place?**

> We have security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All registration information is stored in secure locations on password protected servers. 
> 
> However, you should remember to protect yourself against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. You must also remember to sign off when you finish using a shared or public computer. 

**(f)  What about information in credit card transactions?**

> When purchasing Products and/or Services on our Site, you will be asked for your credit card information. This information is used to bill you for Products and/or Services purchased and to ship the merchandise. Only the billing vendors will have access to financial information and only for the purpose of billing you. 
> 
> However, if you access another site through our Site and purchase Products and/or Services through such site, then your activity will be governed by the privacy policy of those sites. 

**(g) What about collecting information from minors?**

> We are concerned about protecting privacy on the Internet and limiting access to information collected from minors. We understand that the protection of children on the Internet is very important. 
> 
> We do not allow children under 18 years old to register as members of fridae.asia. As such, our Site does not collect online contact information from children under 18.  If you are concerned about a minor getting access to our Site, consider using one of the following Products, which offer parental control (Surf Watch, Net Nanny and Cybersitter).   
> 

**(h)  Can you choose to opt-out or change personal information?**

> Other than the compulsory information, you have a choice not to provide any other information to us, unless you are purchasing a product, service or merchandise on our Site where necessary and appropriate information is needed to bill you for such a transaction and for shipment purposes. 
> 
> Please rest assured that we do not reveal any other information beyond the necessity for such a transaction. 
> 
> We may occasionally send you e-mail notifications regarding adminstrative matters, community service events, and the promotion of our services.
> 
> The opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our Affiliates is at the point where we request information about you. 
> 
> We also give you the full ability to remove your information from our database, stop future e- mails, cancel our service, and change and/or modify information provided previously.   
> 

**(i)  Who do you contact?**

> To cancel our service, please contact:   
>  [webmaster@fridae.asia](mailto:webmaster@fridae.asia)
> 
> If you have any questions concerning our privacy statement, the practices of our site, or your dealings with our Site, please contact:   
>  [webmaster@fridae.asia](mailto:webmaster@fridae.asia)
