> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the friendcircles.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051211103713id_/http%3A//www.friendcircles.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FriendCircles.com - the largest collection of relationship networks, communities and groups!

We at **FriendCircles.com** (" **FriendCircles.com** " a.k.a. "The Circle of Friends Network") have created this **Privacy Policy** for the protection of its Members ("Friendizens").  This policy outlines the policy purpose, audience and parameters in which personal privacy is protected.  This **_Privacy Policy_** only applies to transactions and activities within the online services in which Members subscribe.  Online services to be all inclusive of the following elements:

·                  **FriendCircles** **Website** , **FriendCircles.com** Network Partner sites  (collectively, the " **Site** ") but does not apply to any other Website or offline point of contact between **FriendCircles.com** or any other company, and consumers.  We reserve the right to modify this **Privacy Policy** periodically.  This **Privacy Policy** was last revised on December, 2004.  Each time you visit the internet site, use the online services or provide us with information, you are accepting the practices described in this **Privacy Policy** at that time.

**YOUR IP ADDRESS**

Like most e-commerce internet sites, each time you visit the site, **FriendCircles.com** captures and stores origination information.  In order to administer and optimize the site and perform diagnostics with the site, **FriendCircles.com** uses origination IP addresses.  Origination data is also used to manage demographic data.

**COOKIES**

Similar to other internet sites, this site uses cookies to keep track of activities, purchases and other online transactions on this site and to enhance user experience for online transactions.  Cookies are also used to deliver content specific of user interests, save and store passwords, and cookies can store personal and financial information so to prevent multiple entries containing the same data.  Third party advertisers on the internet site may also place or read cookies on the user’s browser.  If you wish to disable these cookies, the " ** _Help_** " portion of the toolbar on most browsers will instruct the user to modify settings.  However, browser modifications may inhibit access to links and other online services.

**CHILDREN**

In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly provide access to FriendCircles to persons under the age of thirteen (13). If FriendCircles later learns that a member is under the age of thirteen (13) we will take appropriate steps to remove the member's information from the database and restrict the individual from future access to the FriendCircles service.

**COLLECTED INFORMATION**

In customizing online services to meet user and Member demands, we may collect "personal information" (i.e. information that could be used to contact you directly (without using the site) such as full name, postal address, phone number or email address), "financial information" (i.e. credit card numbers or passwords) or "demographic information" (i.e. information submitted or collected that is neither personal information nor financial information; this may include, but is not limited to, zip code, postal code, hometown, marital status, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender, username, age/birth date, purchase history information, browsing history information, searching history information, registration history information, and the content of communications between individual Members and other Members over the site), subject to the rest of this paragraph.

Demographic information is divided into two categories: 1) "non-public information", which consists of purchase history information and one-on-one communications between Members and other users of the Site; and 2) "public information", which consists of all other demographic information.  Personal information or financial information should not be entered into the user “Profile” (for example, do not use your address or pass code as your username, or include your name or address in written responses).  If this info is used, that information may likely be considered "demographic information" that is "public information."  

**_OTHER SOURCES_**

In addition, FriendCircles.com might receive information about you from outside sources and add it to your FriendCircles.com membership information. We do this to improve personalization of our services (for example, providing better web and newsletter content, advertising or special offers that we think will interest you).

**INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM OTHER INTERNET SITES**

On the **FriendCircles.com** site, links to other internet sites are operated by other companies.  Some of these sites contain **FriendCircles.com** brand names, trademarks, and other intellectual property that **FriendCircles.com** owns.  When users click on additional hyperlinks and visit these other sites, regardless of whether or not they contain **FriendCircles.com** brand names, trademarks, and other intellectual property, users need to be aware that **FriendCircles.com** does not control other website management and business practices.  This **_Privacy Policy_** does not apply to internet site companies.  Consequently, the operators of these other internet sites may store and forward information about users and may disclose personal information.  **FriendCircles.com** encourages users to review all **_Privacy Policies_** for all hyperlinks used and accept the parameters of the **FriendCircles.com** **_Privacy Policy_**.  This **_Policy_** does not cover activity on other internet sites.

**PERSONAL INFORMATION USE FOR FriendCircles.COM MEMBERS**

**FriendCircles.com** uses email addresses and other personal information to help efficiently operate the site and the online services.  Specifically, addresses are needed to maintain a connection with the user and ensure transactions and other activities on the site (including, but not limited to, confirmation emails or important news that could affect your relationship with **FriendCircles.com)** are properly administered.  Forward messages are also transmitted to ensure adequate communication with other **FriendCircles.com** users.  This type of communication is known as " ** _Operational Communications_**."  In some cases, **_Operational Communications_** may also contain commercial messages, banner ads and special offers. 

Personal information is also needed to send newsletters, information, offers and other promotional materials for **FriendCircles.com’s** or third parties’ goods or online services.  Caution is exercised to ensure online offers are of value to users.  For example, discounts, exclusive offers or special event information is considered valuable to users.  The site provides Members with options to decline to receive communications from **FriendCircles.com** (other than those contained in **_Operational Communications_** ).  These options may only be for a certain category of communications and others may be more general.  By posting a profile on the internet site, Members are opting in to receive the **FriendCircles.com** by information via email.  To stop receiving **FriendCircles.com** by email, go to your **My Accounts** and change your settings. 

In operating the site, including processing transactions and online activities on the site, **FriendCircles.com** may share Member personal information with extended partners.  Namely, these partners are associates, agents, representatives, contractors and service providers.  This information exchange is required to provide support services such as authorization of credit card transactions, email origination, receipt or support services, customer relationship, management services, order fulfillment, sweepstakes and promotional fulfillment.  These extended partners have been instructed not to use Member personal information for any other purpose.

By purchasing, registering or making reservations for products or services offered or sponsored by extended partners on the site, or electing to receive communications (such as emails or magazine subscriptions) or electing to participate in contests, sweepstakes or other programs (such as discount or rewards programs), offered or sponsored by extended partners through online services, Members are consenting to submission of personal information to those extended partners.  Extended partners may use Member personal information as stated within each respective partner **_Privacy Policy_**.  Without specific instructions otherwise, these extended partners will continue to operate within their privacy guidelines.  Additionally, Members agree that **FriendCircles.com** may use and disclose all such information as it is submitted to extended partners in the same manner in which **FriendCircles.com** is entitled to use and disclose any other information Members voluntarily submit.

In some cases, **FriendCircles.com** may enter into a promotional relationship with another company in which **FriendCircles.com** prominently displays brand names or trademarks on pages of the internet site.  These pages are known as " ** _Co-Branded Pages_** " and these companies are known as “ ** _Co-Branded Companies_**.”  If the page on which Members submit information is a **_Co-Branded Page_** , or was accessed by clicking on a link on a **_Co-Branded Page_** , personal information may be transmitted to the associated **_Co-Branded Company_**.   ** _Co-Branded Companies_** are authorized to use membership information in accordance with respective internal **_Privacy Policies_**.  Members need to contact **_Co-Branded Companies_** directly regarding personal preferences relating to transmitting personal information within online transactions.  Additionally, Members agree that **FriendCircles.com** may use and disclose all such information as electronically submitted to such **_Co-Branded Companies_** in the same manner in which **FriendCircles.com** is entitled to use and disclose any other membership information submitted electronically.  Some **_Co-Branded Pages_** may contain an action tag (also known as a Web Beacon or a 1 pixel .gif file) that an extended partner may use to read cookies that it, or its clients, may have placed on Member browsers at other (non- **FriendCircles.com** ) internet sites.  This technology is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements on internet sites that promote **_Co-Branded Pages_**.  Furthermore, extended partners may use the information collected through this technology to learn more about visits to this internet site and other sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to respective Members.   **FriendCircles.com** has been informed by some extended partners membership information is used unless otherwise notified.  Extended partners do not use the Member name, address, e-mail address or telephone number, and do not link your online actions to any information that can be used to identify or contact Members.  However, as a separate entity from extended partners, Members need to pursue validation of **_Privacy Policies_** for extended partners.  Likewise, Members will not hold **FriendCircles.com** accountable for the accuracy of the above statement.  If Members would like extended partners to provide more information about their policy practices, please contact them directly.

Any extended party with whom **FriendCircles.com** is allowed to share Member personal information is authorized to use Member personal information in accordance with contractual arrangements with extended partners and in accordance with their own **Privacy Policies**.  Moreover, **FriendCircles.com** has no control of this usage and all Members agree that **FriendCircles.com** is not responsible or liable for any of extended partner actions or omissions.  Members contacted will need to be instructed directly by Members regarding personal preferences for the use of Member personal information by extended partners.

Please read the information below under the heading " ** _Special Circumstances for the Provision of Personal and Financial Information_** ” to learn more ways in which we may share your personal information.

**FINALCIAL INFORMATION USAGE**

**FriendCircles.com** uses financial information to check Member qualifications, bill for products and services and to enable Members to participate in discounts, rebates and similar programs in which Members may elect to participate.  By making a purchase or engaging in any other kind of activity or transaction that uses financial information on the internet site, Members consent to the provision of **FriendCircles.com** transmitting Member financial information to extended partners and service providers as **FriendCircles.com** deems necessary to support and process online activities, transactions, and meet credit card issuer requirements.  These extended partners may include credit card companies and banking institutions used to process and support the transaction or activity.  By purchasing, registering or making reservations for products or services from extended partners offered on the site, or by participating in programs offered on the internet site that are administered by extended parties that require you to submit financial information in order to obtain services is authorized by Members.  Members all consent to **FriendCircles.com** sharing Member financial information to extended partners.  Additionally, if the page on which information was submitted is a **_Co-Branded Page_** or was accessed by clicking on a link on a **_Co-Branded Page_** , then Member financial information may be shared with the associated **_Co-Branded Company_**.  Any of these various extended partners (including **_Co-Branded Companies_** ) may be authorized to use Member financial information in accordance with contractual arrangements with extended partners and in accordance with respective **_Privacy Policies_**.  **FriendCircles.com** has no control over extended parties and all Members fully agree that **FriendCircles.com** is not responsible or liable for any of extended partner actions or omissions.  Additionally, all Members agree that **FriendCircles.com** may use and disclose all such information as submitted to such extended partners in the same manner in which **FriendCircles.com** is entitled to use and disclose any other information submitted.  Please read the information below under the heading " ** _Special Circumstances for the Provision of Personal and Financial Information_** " to learn more ways in which we may share your financial information.

**SPECIAL CIRCUMSTANCES FOR THE PROVISOIN OF PERSONAL AND FINALCIAL INFORMATION**

Member personal information or financial information may be passed on to a extended partner in the event of a transfer of ownership, assets or a bankruptcy proceeding.   **FriendCircles.com** may also disclose personal information or financial information for instances requiring disclosure for compliance with applicable laws and to cooperate with law enforcement and/or to protect the interests or safety of **FriendCircles.com** or other visitors to the internet site.  **FriendCircles.com** may also disclose personal information or financial information to subsidiaries, parent companies or businesses, and other affiliated legal entities in which **FriendCircles.com** are under common corporate control.  Whenever Member personal information or financial information is disclosed under this paragraph, **FriendCircles.com** may also disclose Member demographic information on a non-anonymous basis.  All parent, subsidiary and affiliated legal entities and businesses that receive personal information, financial information, or non-anonymous demographic information from **FriendCircles.com** will comply with the terms of this **_Privacy Policy_** with respect to use and disclosure of such information may also disclose personal information or financial information for instances requiring disclosure for compliance with applicable laws and to cooperate with law enforcement and/or to protect the interests or safety of **FriendCircles.com** or other visitors to the internet site.  **FriendCircles.com** may also disclose personal information or financial information to subsidiaries, parent companies or businesses, and other affiliated legal entities in which **FriendCircles.com** are under common corporate control.  Whenever Member personal information or financial information is disclosed under this paragraph, **FriendCircles.com** may also disclose Member demographic information on a non-anonymous basis.  All parent, subsidiary and affiliated legal entities and businesses that receive personal information, financial information, or non-anonymous demographic information from **FriendCircles.com** will comply with the terms of this **_Privacy Policy_** with respect to use and disclosure of such information.

**PUBLIC INFORMATION AND OTHER DEMOGRAPHIC INFORMATION USAGE**

Demographic information may be reviewed at length.  **FriendCircles.com** may use public information to enable other users to locate Member profile information to determine potential business opportunities.  **FriendCircles.com** may use demographic information to customize the internet site and communications to specifically targeted, at known Member interests.   **FriendCircles.com** may also share demographic information with advertisers on an anonymous and aggregated basis (i.e., without telling the advertisers Member identity).  The professional intentions are to increase the likelihood that our advertisers’ goods and services will appeal to **FriendCircles.com’s** users.  Similarly, **FriendCircles.com** may target specific ads at specific demographic groups.  Sharing demographic information with advertisers is anonymous (i.e., advertisers are informed of which particular **FriendCircles.com** users are Members of which demographic groups), subject to the rest of this **_Privacy Policy_**.  When Members respond to an advertisement, however, **FriendCircles.com** asks you to remember ads targeted to a demographic group and you decide to give the advertiser personal information, advertisers may be able to identify subscribers as being a Member of a demographic group.  Please also be aware that when **FriendCircles.com** discloses financial information or personal information to a **_Co-Branded Company_** , as described above, **FriendCircles.com** may also disclose demographic information to the **_Co-Branded Company_**.  Information beyond the content of one-on-one communications between Members via the online services may also be disclosed.  Please also be aware that **FriendCircles.com** may disclose Member demographic information on a non-anonymous basis as described above in the paragraph titled " ** _Special Circumstances for the Provision of Personal and Financial Information_**."  Additionally, to read further details about how we may use Member public information, see our **[ Terms of Use](http://www.friendcircles.com/terms.htm)**.

**_SECURITY PRECAUTIONS_**

The internet site has security measures in place to protect against loss, misuse and alteration of the information under **FriendCircles.com** control.  Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions.  Encryption is applied to all personal and financial information during transmission across the internet.  Member financial information is stored on reliable servers in encrypted form.  Your information may be transferred to and maintained on computer networks, which may be located outside of the state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction in which you reside.  The country or jurisdiction in which these computer networks are located may not have privacy laws as protective as the laws other countries or jurisdictions.

**_REPORTS_**

FriendCircles.com periodically prepare analyses and reports reflecting visitor and member use of the FriendCircles.com Web Site and FriendCircles.com Service for our internal use as well as for a limited number of our business partners. These reports include aggregate (non-personal) information about FriendCircles.com members, and in certain instances, visitors to the FriendCircles.com Web Site. The information in these reports will not identify you individually. Our business partners who have access to these reports will not be able to contact you from the information contained in the reports.

**_REFERRAL PROGRAM_**

As part of our referral program, you can provide contact information (such as the name and e-mail address) of your friends and family whom you think would like to receive FriendCircles.com e-mails and use the FriendCircles.com Service.   All information provided by you concerning your referrals is handled in accordance with this policy.

**_AGENTS_**

FriendCircles.com may employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from customer lists, analyzing data, and providing marketing analysis. These agents have access to member personal information as needed to perform their functions for FriendCircles.com, but we do not permit them to use it for other purposes.

**PRIVACY POLICY FOR PREVIOUSLY GATHERED INFORMATINO CHANGE MANAGEMENT**

Without warning, **FriendCircles.com** may decide to use particular personally identifiable information in a manner different from statements at the time it was collected.  **FriendCircles.com** will notify users by way of an email or by providing 30 days notice on the internet site.  Please note that **FriendCircles.com** will continue to have the right to change **_Privacy Policies_** and practices.   **FriendCircles.com** may also change the use of personally identifiable information without notice.  As described in the first paragraph of this **_Privacy Policy_** , personal information provided is subject to changes only applicable to information gathered on or after the date of the change.

**ACCESSING AND UPDATING EMAIL PREFERENCES, PERSONAL INFORMATION, AND PUBLIC INFORMATION**

**FriendCircles.com** provides the opportunity to opt-out of certain communications, modify personal information or demographic information provided to **FriendCircles.com**.  Removing demographic information from or make demographic information visible to the public users of the site can be administered at anytime by going to the **My Accounts page**.  Please be aware that it may take several hours for the changes to take effect on the public areas of the internet site.   **FriendCircles.com** expresses appreciation for Member patience.  Please note that changing or deleting personal information through the " ** _Account Settings_** " or " ** _My_** ** _Account_** " section of the site, or otherwise opting-out of receipt of email communications from **FriendCircles.com** , will only change or delete the data in company database for purposes of future activities on the site and for managing future communications from **FriendCircles.com**.  These changes and deletions will not change or delete emails or information already captured or forwarded to other users or credit card companies or any other extended partners.  All statements, here within, provided above in this **_Privacy Policy_** are included.

If Members have any questions or concerns about this **_Privacy Policy_** , the practices of the site, or dealings with the site, please contact us by using our customer support form.    

