> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the friendlygreeting.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140525220911id_/http%3A//www.friendlygreeting.com/facebook-photos/frontpage/greetings/greetings/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# None

1\. How We Share Information  
Gifts is about sending gifts to your friends. Your information is not shared with any of your friends unless you specifically authorize it using this applicaiton. Note: When you invite a friend to join. When you ask us to invite a friend to join Gifts, we will send your friend a message on your behalf using your name. 

2\. How You Can Change or Remove Gifts  
If you want to stop using Gifts you may send us a message through our support page. When you remove the application, it is permanently deleted from our servers. You should only delete your account if you are certain you never want to reactivate it, because you may want to revisit this application sometime in the future. 

3\. How We Protect Information   
We do our best to keep your information secure, but we need your help. Steps we take to keep your information secure. We keep your account information on a server that follows strict security measures. We use automated and social measures to enhance security, such as analyzing account behavior for fraudulent or otherwise anomalous behavior, may limit use of site features in response to possible signs of abuse, may remove inappropriate content or links to illegal content, and may suspend or disable accounts for abusive policies. Risks inherent in sharing information. Although we follow the privacy options that limit access by others to your information, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. We cannot control the actions of other users with whom you share your information. We cannot guarantee that only authorized persons will view your information. We cannot ensure that information you share on Facebook will not become publicly available. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures on Facebook. You can reduce these risks by using common sense security practices such as choosing a strong Facebook password, using different passwords for different services, and using up to date antivirus software. Report Violations. You should report any security violations to us. 
