> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fritolay.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101122230727id_/http%3A//www.fritolay.com/about-us/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Frito-Lay

_Revised June 2010_

This site is operated on behalf of Frito-Lay North America, Inc. (“Frito-Lay”).  Frito-Lay has developed certain privacy practices that relate to information collected or used in connection with this site as described below.  This policy does not apply to information collected by Frito-Lay in other forums, including over the phone, offline, through emails that you voluntarily send to us, or to information collected on any Frito-Lay websites with a different posted privacy policy.  Frito-Lay strives to fully comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, including the Children’s Online Privacy Practices Act (“COPPA”).  We use appropriate industry standard means, including technical safeguards, to protect any sensitive information that might be submitted on this site.  If you have questions or comments about this site or privacy policy, you should contact Frito-Lay Consumer Affairs at Box 35645, Dallas, Texas 75235-0645 or call 1-800-352-4477 weekdays between 9:00 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. CST.

Frito-Lay does not require visitors to submit personal information to visit our web sites; however, we do require visitors to submit personal information to register for specific promotions or participate in certain online programs, surveys, newsletters or other transactions or activities.  On a particular Frito-Lay registration page, we may request the visitor’s date of birth, gender, email address, telephone number, and/or other contact and demographic information. Frito-Lay may collect non-personal information from online visitors, such as the visitor’s browser type, operating system and domain name.  The non-personal information we collect enables us to track the total number of visitors to each of our sites in an aggregate form, and is used by Frito-Lay to improve and update our sites, products and services.   Aggregate (non-personal) information may be shared with 3rd parties in our discretion.  Frito-Lay reserves the right to limit participation in particular programs or promotions based on eligibility factors, including age. Frito-Lay does not knowingly collect any personal information from children under 13 years of age. 

Frito-Lay uses information submitted by visitors as described at the time information is collected, and to keep track of visitors' participation in our promotions and programs, to respond to comments or questions, to notify a visitor if he or she is the potential winner of a promotion, to send special messages regarding our sites, products, programs or promotions, to provide visitors with access to special areas or features of our site(s), and for internal and business purposes.

This site may contain links to social media platforms, and you may be given the choice of connecting to one or more social media platforms from this site and/or integrating your social media experience with a program or promotion on this site.  If you choose to do so, depending on your social media privacy settings, the personal information that you post, transmit or otherwise make available on the social media platform may be viewed and/or used by others.  Frito-Lay does not control and is not responsible for any use of your personal information by or through the social media platform. By linking to a social media platform, you assume the risk that the personal information you provide on that platform may be viewed and/or used by third parties for any purposes. 

Frito-Lay is a division of PepsiCo, Inc. and may share personal information within the PepsiCo family of companies.  Frito-Lay does not share personal information about visitors to third parties outside of PepsiCo for those third parties' marketing purposes. During certain joint promotions or in other limited circumstances, visitors may have the option to submit personal information to and receiving future communications from our joint promotion partner.  If you decide to give your contact information to our joint promotion partner, Frito-Lay is not responsible for the 3rd party content or the use of information by such 3rd parties.  Frito-Lay may disclose personal information to comply with a subpoena, applicable law or process, if Frito-Lay believes it is necessary to cooperate with government or other enforcement officials, or to protect our company or the safety of our site visitors.  We may hire trusted companies to help us with our web sites, programs and promotions, and those companies may have limited access to personal information for the sole purpose of performing their services, subject to confidentiality obligations. 

If you have opted to participate in a Frito-Lay promotion or program and/or to receive information from us, you may cancel your registration and/or remove yourself from our emailing list, you may do so by following the “unsubscribe” contained in one of our communications to you, or by writing to Frito-Lay Consumer Affairs at the address shown above and indicating in your letter that you wish to be unsubscribed from our marketing mailings.

This Privacy Policy may be modified by Frito-Lay at any time by updating this posting. You are encouraged to check-back periodically to review the Privacy Policy.

©2010 Frito-Lay North America, Inc.
