> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the friv-games.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190321222712id_/http%3A//friv-games.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY - FRIV GAMES ONLINE

## Cookies

Like many websites, our Service uses "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any Personal Information you submit while using our Services. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Services in order to better understand how you interact with the Services and to monitor aggregate usage by Friv-Games.com. Users and web traffic routing. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Services and then close your browser. Third party advertisers on the Service may also place or read cookies on your browser. Prior to the actual usage of cookies, you have the opportunity to either accept or decline such usage by us. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the website or all functionality of our Services. 

## Privacy Policy

This is the privacy policy of the site Friv-Games.com and tells you how we use your personal information collected on this site. Please read this privacy policy before using the site or send your personal information. By using Friv-Games.com site, you agree to the practices described in this Privacy Policy. These practices may be changed, and any changes made will be posted here and all modifications will only apply to activities and future and not retroactively. We encourage you to visit this page whenever you visit the site Friv-Games.com to ensure that you are aware of the changes to this Privacy Policy and to inform you about how we use your information private. This privacy policy is applicable only to this website and for no other partner sites.

**COLLECTION OF INFORMATION**

We collect personally identifiable information such as name, email address, city, only when such information is made public with your consent through the registration process on the site and by customizing profile as a registered member of the site Friv-Games.com. This personal information is only used to fulfill your request you on this site and many fine record membership. Exceptions can be made if we grant permission to use your personal information in any other way. For example, adding your email address on our list so we can send a newsletter. At your express request, sent visiting our contact section, Friv-Games.com ensure the right of access and intervention on your personal data and the right to oppose, in accordance with Law no. 677/2001 on the protection of individuals with regard to processing of personal data and the free movement of such data, law published in Official Gazette no. 790 of 12 December 2001 and the regulations issued in implementation. If you do not agree with these provisions, please send us a notification email at the contact address and we will delete personal data from your membership account. Friv-Games.com will not use your information for any other purpose than to maintain communication with you, to keep you up to date with news on our website or by email or through a newsletter to which you can subscribe / unsubscribe after your free choice. Friv-Games.com not provide in any form, any third party, your information private, (name, email, address, phone, etc.) are in our databases, for commercial purposes or any other kind.

**Privacy policy ad and content network Google**

Friv-Games.com use third-party advertising companies to serve ads (advertisements), when you visit our Web site. These advertising companies may use information (except your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this site or others, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that might interest.

In other news, because Google ads you see on the website Friv-Games.com not become boring or uninteresting, you can choose what kind of ads you want to see on the website Friv-Games.com, depending on the category your chosen interest. For example, if you are passionate about sports, you can choose to see ads in this category or if you are fond of cars can choose to view ads that contain ads about cars, etc.

To view and edit their interest categories, visit the link below: [Ads Preferences](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences)

To display Google AdSense for content ads by interest categories, Google uses the [DoubleClick DART cookie](https://www.google.com/adsense/support/bin/answer.py?answer=100557&hl=ro). When you visit our website Friv-Games.com, whether you are reading an ad or click on it, a cookie may be sent to your browser. Data collected by these cookies will be used to help us better serve and manage ads on our site, which will help the improvement of your experience by browsing our website.
