> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 21diamonds.in privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120525013700id_/http%3A//www.21diamonds.in/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Online jewellery - Diamond-, White Gold-, Fashion Jewellery - Engagement Rings - Pearl Rings – Configurable and free shipping | 21Diamonds.in

## Data protection policy of the on-line shop "21Diamonds".

### 1\. General

 **1.1** The online shop "21Diamonds“ is a concern of the firm 21Diamonds GmbH, Adams-Lehmann-Straße 56, 80797 Munich, Germany.

 **1.2** We take data protection extremely seriously, and we collect data in strict accordance with legal requirements. You can find out more about this at [www.datenschutz.de](http://www.datenschutz.de/)

### 2\. Your personal data.

 **2.1** We will use the information you provide to enable us to process your orders and to provide you with the services and information offered through our website and which you request.

Furthermore, we will use the information you provide to:

\- administer your account with us

\- verify and carry out financial transactions in relation to payments you make online

\- audit the downloading of data from our website

\- improve the layout and/ or content of our website and customize them for users

\- identify visitors to our website

\- carry out research on our users' demographics and tracking of sales data

\- manage the subscription and distribution of our newsletter.

We will not pass your personal data to any advertising or marketing third party; nor will we pass data relating to our contractual obligations to our customers to any other third party.

 **2.2  **We may also obtain information about your inline movements and use if the internet.  We do this by placing a 'cookie', which is a small file, on your computer's hard disk.  Cookies are used for several reasons, for example to recognise you whenever you visit this website ensuring you do not have to enter all your details and thereby speeding up the process so you do not have to log in each time.  It will also enable us to store your personal pereferences, build a profile about you and target our marketing and advertising campaigns.  We cannot provide a full service to you if you disable the cookie function in your web browser so we advise you to maintain the same.  

For further information about cookies and how to disable them, please go to: [about-cookies.org.](http://www.aboutcookies.org/default.aspx)

 **2.3**  Our employees are required to treat personal data as confidential. The transfer of such data to third parties will only occur if this is necessary for the fulfillment of our contract. If we must share information with third parties, we will do so only on condition that they respect the privacy of your data in the way that we do.

 **2.4  **The preceding provisions in 2.1 also apply to the use of tracking tools. Without your express consent, tracking tools are not used to collect personal information about you for the purposes of transmitting data to third party vendors and marketing platforms.

### 3\. Google Analytics

 **3.1** This website uses Google Analytics. Google Analytics is a web analysis service supplied by Google Inc. Google Analytics uses 'cookies', which are text files that are stored on your computer to analyze your use of the website (see section 2.2). The information generated by the cookies about your use of this site is send to a Google server in the U.S. and stored there.

 **3.2** A link with an IP address, and so a link to a specific user, is however not included in the data sent to Google Analytics, because it is first anonymized.

 **3.3** Google Inc. will use this anonymized information to evaluate use of the website for the purpose of bringing together reports of our website activity, as well as the website use and internet use of related services. Also, Google Inc. may provide such information to third parties, provided it is required to by law or if third parties or third parties process the information on behalf of Google Inc. Google will not associate the obtained data with other data of Google Inc. Most browsers accept cookies by default. You can deactivate this default setting in the security settings of your internet browser, where you can also delete stored cookies. If you disable cookies altogether, however, some features on our site might not be available (e.g. shopping), and some web-pages may not display properly.  

You can opt-out of data collection by Google Analytics by downloading and installing Google's Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on which is available [here](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en).  The Add-on communicates with the Good Analytics Javascript (ga.js) to indicate that information about the website should not be sent to Google Analytics. Please note, that this Add-on does not prevent information from being sent to the website itself or other web analytics service, or prevent other Search Engines collecting data.  If you wish to disable cookies, please follow the advice given at 2.2 above.   

### 4\. Logged data

 **4.1** Whenever a user accesses one of our pages, and every time a file is accessed, this is recorded in a log file. The data is stored for internal system-related and statistical purposes. Storing the IP address also serves to combat abuse. The logged data includes:

\- Your IP address (through which your computer can be identified)

\- The remote host (name and IP address of the computer requesting the page)

\- The time, status, transferred data volume and the website from which you came to the requested page (the referrer website)

\- The product and version information of the browser (user agent)

 **4.2** We do not associate with any individual users the data stored in the server log which relates to page views or useage. The IP address is logged exclusively to combat abuse and attacks on our website.

### 5\. Use of Facebook Social Plugins

We use social plugins ("Plugins") of the social network facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook").

The plugins are marked with a Facebook logo. When you visit a web page of our website which contains such a plugin, your browser creates a direct connection with the Facebook servers. The contents of the plugin are sent directly from Facebook to your browser, which is incorporated in the website. The Facebook plugin integrated into our site associates it with our Facebook page.

Additionally, if you are logged into Facebook when you visit our site, Facebook is able to associate your visit with your Facebook account. When you interact with the plugins by, for example, making a comment via a plugin, the corresponding information is sent directly from your browser and stored by Facebook.

Please consult Facebook’s data protection policy for the purpose and scope of Facebook’s data collection, the further processing and use of data by Facebook, and your rights and employment opportunities found in the protection of your privacy.

If you do not wish Facebook to connect the data it has collected about your visit to our site with your Facebook account, you must log-out of your Facebook account before visiting our site.  

### 6\. Newsletter

If you would like to subscribe to our newsletter, we will need a valid e-mail address, as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the e-mail address or that the owner of the e-mail address agrees to the subscription. Further information will not be collected. You can revoke at any time your consent to our storage of relevant data, your e-mail address and our right to send our newsletter.

### 7 Availability of the Data Protection Policy.

You can access and print-off this data protection policy at any time from our site by following the Data Protection Policy link.

### 8\. Access to data and Right of objection.

 **8.1** Upon request, we will give you free information about your person or your pseudonymously stored data. If you wish, please send a message to [info@21diamonds.in](https://web.archive.org/web/20120525013700id_/http%3A//www.21diamonds.in/info@21diamonds.in) or to the address 21Diamonds GmbH, Adams-Lehmann-Straße 56, 80797 Munich, Germany. We are also committed to your right to correct the information held about you, to block it or delete it.

 **8.2** If you have subscribed to the newsletter, or have otherwise consented to the processing of or use of your data for our purposes of advertising or market or opinion research, so you can revoke your consent at any time by e-mail to [info@21diamonds.in](https://web.archive.org/web/20120525013700id_/http%3A//www.21diamonds.in/info@21diamonds.in)

Unsubscribing from the newsletter is also sufficient, if you have consented only to the newsletter subscription.

For further information about our Data Protection Policy, please contact us by e-mail at [info@21diamonds.in](https://web.archive.org/web/20120525013700id_/http%3A//www.21diamonds.in/info@21diamonds.in)

Last updated: January 2012.
