> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the yappr.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-03-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120310184039id_/http%3A//www.yappr.com/pages/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# yappr!

This Privacy Policy governs yappr.com's ("we", "us" or "yappr") treatment of personally identifiable information that yappr collects when you use the yappr.com website (the "Site"), when you share information about yourself on our Site as well as when you provide information to us in any medium. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to yappr's Terms of Use, which can be found at [http://yappr.com/pages/terms_of_use](https://web.archive.org/pages/terms_of_use). Each time that you use the Site and the services available to you on the Site ("Services"), you signify that you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, you must discontinue using the Site and terminate your registration with us. The Site is owned by Real Time English, LLC d/b/a yappr.com. All references to yappr or yappr.com will be deemed to include Real Time English, LLC. 

**ABOUT YAPPR**

yappr.com provides an online service to practice and evaluate your English through activities such as watching videos, playing games and by setting up unique personal profiles and, through those profiles, to create an online network of other people on the Site. Visitors to the Site can view your profile, and see your activities and what you have posted on the Site. You can watch videos, join in a chat and practice writing English while having fun and making new friends. By registering you can communicate with other registered users of the Site. You can post comments and messages, chat, and send yappr messages to other registered users. We request and display what you post on the Site to visitors, which allows our users to identify each other and expand their network of friends on the Site. You can change your profile information at any time and can control how others communicate with you. 

**INFORMATION WE COLLECT**

User Provided Information. yappr collects personal information from you when you register on the Site, update your profile, interact with other users, and use various features of the Site. To register with yappr, you must provide a user name, password, native language, birth year, and email address. When you register you may also provide your country (which will be represented by a country flag in your profile), city, gender and how you heard about the Site. Once you are a registered user of yappr you will be given the option to add additional personal information about you to your profile. By enabling the invisible mode you can limit what information will be viewed by others. In invisible mode you will be able to send messages to other users, chat with other users, and view and post comments and messages, but other users will only be able to view your user name and country flag. They will not be able to view other information in your profile. However, while in invisible mode you cannot invite other users to join your circle of friends, and they cannot invite you to join theirs. Be aware that whether you are in invisible mode or not, if you choose to make public posts, submit a comment, or chat, then any personal information you actively include in such submissions, and certain basic profile data that cannot be hidden, such as your username and your country flag, will still be accessible to all registered users and any visitors to the Site. By posting a profile or disclosing personal information in our online forums, directly to users in chat rooms or through messages, or otherwise, your information is made public and you should not expect any privacy in such an environment. We may also collect information regarding your interaction with other users and your use of the Site, including content you view linked from the Site and yappr points that you have earned, which will also be displayed on the Site. From time to time we may ask you to respond to surveys or other requests for information, and we collect the information you provide. We may collect information from you when you participate in sweepstakes and promotions offered on the Site. We may also collect information about you through other methods, including research surveys or information we obtain from third parties, including verification services, data services, as well as public sources. We use this information to continually offer you the most value as a user of the Site. 

Tracking Technology.yappr logs IP addresses (a unique number assigned to every computer on the Internet) in order to improve security, analyze trends and administer the Site. We may track your movement within the Site, the third-party website pages from which you were referred, your use of the media player, access times and browser types. We use this information to gauge the effectiveness of our Site, track information for statistical purposes and to improve the products and services we provide. We store information that we collect through cookies, log files and other tracking technology such as clear gifs. We use cookies on the Site. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping purposes. We use session ID cookies and persistent cookies. We use session cookies to make it easier for you to navigate our Site. A session ID cookie expires when you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive for an extended period of time. You can remove persistent cookies by following directions provided in your Internet browser's "help" file. Persistent cookies are used to differentiate visitors of the Site from registered users, to customize the content of certain sections of the Site and to enable us to track and cater to the interests of users, in order to enhance their experience on the Site. If you reject cookies, you may still use the Site, but your ability to use some areas of the Site may be limited and you may not be able to use certain features of the Site. 

Supplemental Information. We may supplement the information you provide us by acquiring commercially available demographic and marketing information from third parties, for instance, to update your information and to create a profile of your preferences. We may tie your personally identifiable information to information in the profile, in order to improve the content of the Site for you or to inform you about products or services that we think will be of interest to you. 

Third Party Links. This privacy statement applies only to information collected by us on the Site and collected when you subscribe to or use the yappr Service or purchase products from us. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the Site and to read the privacy statements of other websites you visit that collect personally identifiable information. 

Advertisements. We may from time to time use various outside ad-serving companies and affiliates to serve advertisements on the Site. In the process of serving advertisements, the ad serving companies may place a cookie in your browser's cookie file and may use information about your visits to the Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements on the Site about products and services that may be of interest to you. By delivering ads on the Site, the ad-server is able to record what ads a user -- identified by the unique cookie -- has seen, and what pages the user was viewing when the ads were delivered. This web usage information is combined with other ad delivery information the ad-server has collected from your visits to the Site and other websites not affiliated with yappr. This non-personally identifiable information is used as part of the ad-serving process for reporting and to select and direct the ads you see online at the Site and other websites not affiliated with yappr. 

Surveys or Promotions. From time to time we may provide you the opportunity to participate in sweepstakes, contests or other promotions promoted on the Site, which might be sponsored or conducted by yappr or by a third party. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participation in these promotions is completely voluntary and you will have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information. If there is a third party sponsor involved please make sure to review that third party's privacy policy. 

**USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION**

When you Register. When you register with yappr, you can create your own profile. If your profile is visible, your profile information, as well as your screen name, activities, and picture are displayed to other registered users as well as visitors to the Site. Your real name is never displayed on the Site (unless you use it as your screen name). You can choose to allow others to search for you by using your profile name or most other information you have entered in your profile if you choose to make your profile visible. 

Please be aware that certain personal profile information is displayed for all users and cannot be hidden. Specifically, even if your profile is invisible, your screen name and country flag entered on your profile are always displayed on the Site and therefore, are viewable by all users if you post a comment or participate in chat or message boards. In addition, because this information is publicly displayed on the Site, it may appear in the results of searches conducted on Internet search engines while you are a registered user of the Site and potentially for some time period after your account is terminated, depending upon the search engine's indexing practices. 

User Content Posted Online. As a registered user, you can share personal content, such as videos, journals and photos. Please be aware that by using any of these features, your personally identifiable information may be accessible to other users and visitors to the Site, and yappr has no control over how those users may use your personally identifiable information. We have the right, but not the obligation, to monitor any activity and content associated with the public and private forums and interactive areas on our Site. Please review our Terms of Use for more information regarding your appropriate use of these areas. 

Our Use. We receive and store any personal information you enter on the Site or give to us voluntarily in any other way and may use it to contact you from time to time. Specifically, by registering on the Site, you agree that this action constitutes a purchase, inquiry and/or application for purposes of telemarketing laws. Regardless of the fact that your telephone and/or cell number may be listed with the Federal Do-Not-Call Registry, or your local State Do-Not-Call list, you expressly consent to receive future information about products and services from us, and in, that regard, you hereby consent to our contacting you pursuant to the business relationship established using the information you provided to us. This means we may contact you by email, phone and/or cell number (including use of automated dialing equipment), text (SMS) message, or any other means of communication that your wireless or other telecommunications device may be capable of receiving (e.g. video etc.). We may also send you information or offers from time to time to a postal address or email address we have on file. If you provide your name for a promotional offer to enter a sweepstakes or contest, and win a prize, we will post a winner's list online, and will file your name with state agencies if required by law. 

Vendors. We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples might include sending email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links and providing customer service. They have access to your personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. 

Third Party Offers. We may share personally identifiable information with third parties in order to have them send you special offers and promotions or other information we think you might find of interest. We ourselves will also occasionally send you information on products, services, special deals, promotions, or information which we have found that may be of interest to our users and subscribers. If you do not want us to use the information you provide in order to inform you of products and services we think might interest you, or provide your information to third party companies, it is your obligation to please let us know, by contacting us at [customerservice@yappr.com](mailto:customerservice@yappr.com). 

Invite a Friend. If you do become a registered user, you can also share links to videos on the Site with other individuals by providing us with their email addresses. Using the information you give us on these potential users, we will send them an email message including a link to the Site, and we may include an invitation to join yappr. The only way these individuals can become registered users, however, is if they come to our Site and register themselves. We do not use this information for other purposes 

Other Uses. We may use your personal information to contact you about yappr's products or services, or for other purposes in which you have expressed an interest, for example, if you have contacted customer service or made an inquiry. 

Service Related Announcements. We will provide you with service and account related announcements on occasions when it is necessary to do so. For instance, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, or the delivery of a service or product is delayed we might send you an email, or other message, or if there is some service issue with something you might have ordered. Generally, you may not opt-out of these communications, which are not promotional in nature. If you do not wish to receive them, you have the option to cancel your registration on our Site by sending an email to us at [customerservice@yappr.com](mailto:customerservice@yappr.com). 

Exceptional Circumstances. If Real Time English, LLC, or any of its lines of businesses or affiliated companies, is sold or disposed of as a going concern, whether by merger, sale of assets or otherwise, the relevant databases of yappr could, in whole or in part, be sold as part of that transaction. Therefore, information about registered users of and visitors to the Site, including personal information, may be disclosed as part of any merger or acquisition, creation of a separate business or sale or pledge of our company assets, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership in which personal information would be transferred as one of the business assets of the company. Information about our users, including personal information, may also need to be disclosed in connection with a commercial transaction where Real Time English, LLC, or an affiliate, seeks financing, investment, support or funding. We also may have to release personally identifying information when it is necessary to comply with judicial or other government subpoenas, warrants, orders, or to protect the rights, property, or safety of yappr, its users or others. 

**IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES AND PRACTICES**

**A Note about International Users**. The yappr Site is located in the United States. If you are using the Site from outside the United States, you should be aware that your information collected on this Site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which yappr, or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, including hosting services or servers, and by providing your information to this Site, you are consenting to the transfer of your information outside of your country in accordance with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use. You are also consenting to the application of United States law in all matters concerning this Site. 

**Children's Privacy**. yappr does not encourage participation or visitation by children. Visitors who are known to be under the age of 14 are prohibited from becoming registered users. yappr does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 14. 

YAPPR ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY WITH REGARD TO ANY THEFT, LOSS, ALTERATION OR MISUSE OF PERSONAL OR OTHER INFORMATION LAWFULLY PROVIDED BY YAPPR TO THIRD PARTIES, OR WITH REGARD TO THE FAILURE OF ANY THIRD PARTY TO ABIDE BY THIS PRIVACY POLICY OR AGREEMENT BETWEEN THAT THIRD PARTY AND YAPPR. 

**CHOICE AND OPT OUT**

You may opt-out of use of your information as set forth above by emailing us at [customerservice@yappr.com](mailto:customerservice@yappr.com) or by setting your own preferences online for receipt of yappr marketing and promotional emails. For instance, if you do not want us to use your email address or other contact information to provide you with offers, or no longer wish to receive our email newsletter, you may opt-out of receiving it by making sure the option "send me email about new videos and features" is not checked on your "My Account" page, by following the instructions included in each newsletter or by emailing us at customerservice@yappr.com. 

**ACCESS TO YOUR INFORMATION**

Updating Your Personal Information. If you are a registered user, you can update your personally identifiable information at any time. To do this, just click on the "My Yappr" link listed throughout the Site and then click on "My Profile" to edit your profile. You may also select "unsubscribe" on the "My Account" page to have your email address removed from our mailing list. However, we are unable to update or delete any of your personally identifiable information that has been shared with a third party as permitted in this Privacy Policy. If for any reason you are concerned that the personal information yappr has on file is not correct, or should you wish to have your email address removed from our mailing list or registration/contact information changed or updated, please contact us at customerservice@yappr.com. We will be happy to review, update or remove information as appropriate. We may still retain your information in our files, however, to resolve disputes, enforce our Terms of Use, or due to technical and legal requirements and constraints related to the security, integrity and operation of the Site. 

**HOW YAPPR PROTECTS YOUR INFORMATION**

We have security procedures for the storage and disclosure of personal information, which you have given us in order to prevent unauthorized access. Keep in mind however, that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer. 

The Site may also contain links to other Web Sites. Keep in mind that yappr does not control, and is not responsible for, the privacy or security practices or the content of these other web sites. 

**DISPUTES**

If you choose to visit the Site, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Use including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the laws of the United States and specifically the laws of the State of New York. 

**HOW TO CONTACT US**

If you have any questions about our privacy policy contact us at [customerservice@yappr.com](mailto:customerservice@yappr.com) with a thorough description of your concerns or questions. 

**MODIFICATION OF PRIVACY POLICY**

The Effective Date of this Privacy Policy is set forth below. Please make special note of the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy. We may revise and update this Privacy Policy if our practices change, as technology changes, or as we add new services or change existing ones. If we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy or how we handle your personal information or how we keep your purchases anonymous, you will know because the Effective Date of the Privacy Policy will change. Your continued use of the Site constitutes an affirmative acknowledgment by you of the Privacy Policy's modifications and your agreement to abide and be bound by the Privacy Policy as modified. 

© 2011, Real Time English, LLC. 

**Effective Date: May 1, 2011**
