> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the magazine-agent.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051217162450id_/http%3A//www.magazine-agent.com/privacy.cfm%3F) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Magazine-Agent.com Privacy Statement

This site may collect certain specific personal information (such as name, mailing address, age, gender, purchases, email address, etc.) from customers and visitors and may share such information with third parties. We use this information to fill orders accurately and promptly, provide customer service assistance, improve your shopping service, and improve the content of our site generally so that we may better meet our users' needs. We may also provide the personal information we collect from our users to other businesses and companies that sell a wide variety of products and services. Because Magazine-Agent.com respects the privacy of its customers and visitors, you can request that we not share your personal information with these other businesses and companies by changing your preferences under [Account Settings](https://web.archive.org/support/login.cfm?) by [logging in](https://web.archive.org/support/login.cfm?) to your account 

In addition to personal information, the site may collect certain profile information from its users (such as age and gender) in order to improve our content, product offerings, and promotional and marketing efforts. Our company also may use profile information to create aggregate reports about its users. The profile information and aggregate reports are anonymous and do not contain any information that could be used to personally identify you. 

Notwithstanding the above, with respect to all users of our site, Magazine-Agent.com reserves the right to disclose any content, records, or electronic communication of any kind (including personal information or private electronic communication transmitted on our site): (i) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (ii) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate Magazine-Agent.com; or (iii) to protect the rights or property of Magazine-Agent.com or its users, sponsors, providers, licensors, or merchants. Magazine-Agent.com also reserves the right to reject any order or to request additional information from any customer. 
