> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the magazinediscountcenter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140410131917id_/http%3A//www.magazinediscountcenter.com/privacypolicy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

_(Last Updated November 15, 2011)_ Commitment to Privacy

Thank you for visiting the MagazineDiscountCenter.com website (the "Site" or "Website") which is operated by ArkNet Media LLC ("MagazineDiscountCenter.com," "we," "our," or "us"). We understand the importance that Internet users place on privacy and have designed the Site with this in mind. More importantly, we are strong believers in Internet user's right to be left alone. Therefore, we pledge to honor your privacy in every way that we can. Please be advised that we manage e-mail lists generated by third-party websites and/or organizations ("Affiliated List Owners"). This Privacy Policy (the "Privacy Policy") applies to consumers that have agreed to receive e-mail marketing from one or more of our Affiliated List Owners.

We believe in 100% permission-based marketing. Accordingly, we have created this Privacy Policy in order to disclose our information gathering, use and dissemination practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is used on the Site.

Please be advised that you agree to this Privacy Policy, in its entirety, when you: (a) access or use the Site; (b) open, preview or click on the advertising portion of any e-mail we send on behalf of MagazineDiscountCenter.com or third party websites and organizations ("Third Parties"); (c) provide any personal information (as that term is defined below) to us by and through various registration forms, surveys, web pages and/or other online media (collectively, "Online Media"); (d) register for, subscribe for, open, preview or click on the newsletters (the "Newsletters") we may send from time to time and/or (e) request to contacted by us, and/or attempt to contact us by filling out and submitting any other applicable forms available on the Site.

 **If you do not agree with any of the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use or access the Site or fill out any forms available on the Site.** Changes to the Privacy Policy

We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change, modify, add and/or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time. All Privacy Policy changes or modifications will be posted on the Site and shall take effect immediately upon their posting. MagazineDiscountCenter.com does not provide any other notice of such changes or modifications. Your continued access and/or use of the Site following the posting of any such changes or modifications to this Privacy Policy will constitute an affirmative acknowledgement and acceptance of the applicable changes or modifications. Please check back frequently for changes or modifications as it is your sole responsibility to be aware of any such changes.

Information Collection **The Basics**

We collect Personally Identifiable Information ("PII") from the Site when you request to be contacted by us, sign up for the Newsletter, attempt to contact us, provide any PII to us by or through various Online Media or otherwise voluntarily choose to provide PII to us. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, PII means any information that can be used to identify, locate or contact a particular person or entity. In particular, this includes, but shall not limited to: (a) name; (b) postal address; (c) telephone number; (d) email address; (e) credit/debit card information; (f) browser information and IP address; and/or (g) any other PII submitted voluntarily to us. For example, you may choose to provide us with PII about yourself in an email or by completing an online form on our Site.

Please note that upon voluntarily providing your consent, we may use your PII to send you the Newsletter which contains information regarding MagazineDiscountCenter.com and various products and services that may be of interest to you. Additionally, your PII may also be used to reach you, when necessary, regarding issues concerning your use of the Site and/or the Newsletter. Once collected, we will store your PII for a commercially reasonable period of time for record keeping purposes. The information that we store is sometimes deleted as space requires or in the normal course of business. Finally, please be advised that while all PII that you submit is at your discretion and completely voluntary, it may be required for valid registration on the Site.

 **Use of PII**

By submitting your PII to us or to any third parties acting on our behalf, you agree to allow us to share, sell, rent, lease or otherwise provide such information to any other Internet properties or brands that we own or may later acquire and/or to any Third Parties as permitted by applicable law. You further agree that we may work with other businesses to bring selected commercial opportunities to you. These businesses and Third Parties may include, but are not limited to: (a) providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation; (b) e-mail marketers; (c) telemarketers (where permitted by applicable law); and (d) SMS text-based marketers (where, and to the extent, permitted by applicable law).

We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from our database, analyzing data and providing marketing analysis. The agents performing these limited functions on our behalf shall have access to your PII as needed to perform their functions for us, but we do not permit them to use your PII for any other purposes.

We will also use your PII for customer service functions, to provide you with information that you may request, to customize your experience with the Website and/or other Online Media and/or to contact you when necessary in connection with transactions entered into by you through the Website and/or other Online Media, if any. We may also use your PII for internal business purposes, such as analyzing and managing our business. We may also combine the PII we have gathered about you with information from other sources. We may use third parties to help us operate our business, the Website and the Online Media.

We reserve the right to release current or past PII in the event that: (a) we believe that a user is using, or has used, our products, services and/or our Online Media in violation of this Privacy Policy or any other of our operating rules, policies, price schedules and other supplemental terms and conditions or documents that may be published by us from time to time; (b) we believe that a user is using, or has used, our products, services and/or our Online Media to commit unlawful acts; (c) such information is subpoenaed or requested pursuant to a judicial or regulatory proceeding or inquiry; (d) we are sold or acquired; and/or (e) we deem it necessary or appropriate including, without limitation, sharing your e-mail address with other third parties for suppression purposes in compliance with the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended ("CAN-SPAM") from time to time, and Federal Trade Commission implementing regulations.

By submitting your e-mail address to us by and through our Online Media or otherwise, you agree to receive e-mail marketing from us (including other MagazineDiscountCenter.com-owned properties) and our third-party advertisers. In addition, by submitting your PII by and/or through our Online Media, you agree that such act constitutes an inquiry and/or application for purposes of the Amended Telemarketing Sales Rule (16 CFR 310 et seq.), as amended from time to time (the "Rule") and applicable state do-not-call regulations. As such, notwithstanding that your telephone number may be listed on the Federal Trade Commission's Do-Not-Call List, and/or on applicable state do-not-call lists, we retain the right to contact you via telemarketing in accordance with the Rule and applicable state do-not-call regulations.

By submitting your PII by and/or through our Online Media, you agree to receive mobile marketing including, but not limited to, text-message based marketing, from us and our third party advertisers and marketers (where, and to the extent that, such marketing is permitted by applicable law). As such, notwithstanding that your mobile telephone number may be listed on state and/or federal Do-Not-Call registries, we retain the right to contact you via text-message based marketing in accordance with applicable state and federal law. Further, you agree that we reserve the right to share, sell, rent, lease and/or otherwise distribute your mobile telephone and other mobile data with/to any third-party for any and all non-marketing uses permitted by this Privacy Policy and applicable law.

Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, we reserve the right to share, sell, rent, lease and/or otherwise distribute any and all PII with/to any third party for any and all uses permitted by this Privacy Policy and applicable law.

 **Special Offers and Promotions**

We may also send you communications with special offers and promotions. If you don't want to receive these, you may change your preferences by contacting us via e-mail at: [pr@MagazineDiscountCenter.com](mailto:pr@MagazineDiscountCenter.com) or calling customer service at 1-800-321-MAGS (6247).

Please be advised that if you are a resident of the State of California and would like to opt-out from the disclosure of your PII to any third party for marketing purposes, please e-mail us at: [pr@MagazineDiscountCenter.com](mailto:pr@MagazineDiscountCenter.com). Please be advised that where California residents opt-out from permitting their PII to be shared, such individuals may still receive selected offers directly from us, in accordance with the law.

Third Party Cookies

When you visit the Website and/or other Online Media, we, or a data provider we have engaged, may place, recognize or send a unique cookie, single-pixel GIF files/images and/or similar technologies (collectively, "Cookie") to assign an anonymous, unique identifier to your Internet browser. A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer's hard drive containing Non-PII about you. Cookies are not designed to get data from your hard drive, your e-mail or any other personal data about you. No PII is placed into these Cookies. Cookies are used to store information about a visitor's preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized ads, content or services. Cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your e-mail address, in hashed, non-human readable form. Cookies have many benefits to enhance your experience with the Website and other Online Media including, making the Website work better, understanding Website usage and trends, delivering a more personalized experience and improving and delivering certain content and offerings. Examples of the information we collect and analyze using Cookies include, without limitation, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet; e-mail address; operating system type, version and computer platform; purchase history, which we may aggregate with similar information from other customers; the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) clickstream to, on, and from the Website, including date and time stamp; cookie information; and/or products you viewed or searched for. We may also use software tools to measure and collect session information, including page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page.

 **To opt-out of these Cookies, please go to[http://www.aboutads.info/choices.](http://www.aboutads.info/choices)**

To protect your privacy we do not use Cookies to store or transmit any personal information about you on the Internet. We do not transfer Cookies associated with the Website to any other third-party company, nor do we authorize any other third-party company to access those Cookies for any purpose other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We may allow certain third parties, such as those who deliver advertisements, content or provide other services associated with the Website, to set and/or access Cookies associated with certain of our pages and/or certain e-mail sent by us.

If you do not want information collected through the use of Cookies, there is a simple procedure in most Internet browsers that allows you to accept or reject most Cookies. To disable and reject certain Cookies, follow the instructions associated with your Internet browser. Even in the case where a user rejects a Cookie, he or she may still use the Website and other Online Media. Please note, however, that if you reject our Cookies it is possible that some of the Website pages and other Online Media may not properly load, your access to certain information might be denied or you might have to enter information about yourself more than once. We reserve the right to retain Cookie data indefinitely.

We do not install any spyware or adware in connection with our Website, or distribute any commercial message, or authorize any third party to distribute any commercial message, by means of spyware or adware. "Spyware" or "adware" is any software which has been downloaded to and/or installed on an Internet user's computer, without the user's actual consent, and facilitates the distribution of any commercial message to the user. If you feel you may have spyware from another company installed on your machine, there are various anti-spyware/adware software applications available on the Internet to identify if this has occurred.

Third-party companies that manage and deliver advertisements on the Website and other websites are commonly referred to as "Network Advertisers." These Network Advertisers may use Cookies to collect information about your visits to the Website in order to tailor certain advertisements and content delivered on the Website and on other websites within such Network Advertiser's ad network. If you would like to obtain more information about common industry practices of network advertisers and/or make choices about their use of your information, please visit [cookiecentral.com](http://cookiecentral.com/).

 **Website Tracking Software**

Our web servers and/or those of third-party vendors, utilize certain tracking software to capture your domain address (the address of your Internet service provider) for purposes of tracking Website statistics. The capture of your domain address is a common practice among websites for measuring the number of hits, pages visited and length of user session. We use this information to measure the effectiveness of Website offerings in order to service you better.

 **Aggregated Demographic Information**

We may share aggregated demographic information with third parties, but this information is not linked to any personal information that can identify you or another individual person. Therefore, no personal information is disclosed in this manner.

 **IP Addresses**

We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the Website and other Online Media. Your IP address is used to gather broad and specific demographic information, as well as for validation purposes.

 **Disclosure for Legal Purposes**

We may be required to share your PII and non-PII pursuant to judicial or governmental subpoenas, warrants, or orders. If we are required to do so, we will, of course, obey the law. In addition, notwithstanding any term to the contrary in this Privacy Policy, we reserve the right to use, disclose, and/or share your personal and non-personal information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of this Website's terms or as otherwise required by law.

 **Exceptional Situations**

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary we reserve the right to disclose any content, records, or electronic communication of any kind (including PII or private electronic communication transmitted on our Site): (a) to satisfy any law, regulation, or government request; (b) if such disclosure is necessary or appropriate to operate the Site; and/or (iii) to protect the rights or property of MagazineDiscountCenter.com or its users, sponsors, providers, licensors, or merchants. The Site also reserves the right to reject any order or to request additional information from any customer.

 **Anti-Spam Policy**

See the Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") website at [www.ftc.gov/spam](http://www.ftc.gov/spam) for updates on implementation of the CAN-SPAM Act of 2003, as amended. The FTC maintains a consumer complaint database of violations of the various laws that the FTC enforces. Consumers can submit complaints online at [www.ftc.gov](http://www.ftc.gov/) and forward unwanted and unsolicited commercial e-mail to the FTC at [spam@uce.gov](mailto:spam@uce.gov).

The FTC works as a consumer advocate in order to prevent fraudulent, deceptive and unfair business practices. To file a complaint with the FTC or to request free information about consumer issues, please visit [www.ftc.gov](http://www.ftc.gov/) or call toll-free, 1-877-FTC-HELP.

If you have any other questions or comments about this Anti-SPAM Policy, please contact us via e-mail at [pr@MagazineDiscountCenter.com](mailto:pr@MagazineDiscountCenter.com).

 **Unsubscribe; Opt-Out**

To unsubscribe or opt-out from having your PII shared with any third parties, please Click Here. You may unsubscribe or opt-out from any of our e-mail marketing programs at any time. In every e-mail communication that we send and every offer that we post to the Website, there is an unsubscribe hyperlink that allows the recipient to unsubscribe or opt-out from the specific e-mail marketing list by simply clicking the hyperlink provided and following the instructions that follow. We attempt to process all unsubscribe and opt-out requests in a prompt fashion. However, after unsubscribing, we cannot guarantee that you will never receive another mailing from us because we may obtain your e-mail address in the future through a different e-mail marketing list that you have subscribed to. We can guarantee, however, that if you should ever receive another e-mail communication from us, you will be able to remove your e-mail address via the unsubscribe hyperlink contained in any such communication.

If you wish to discontinue receiving e-mail messages from MagazineDiscountCenter.com, you can either: (a) send an e-mail to [pr@MagazineDiscountCenter.com](mailto:pr@MagazineDiscountCenter.com); or (b) follow the instructions in each promotional e-mail message or Newsletter sent by us.

We are able to offer its free services, in part, based upon the willingness of users to be contacted by our marketing partners, including our Advertisers.

 **How You Can Review Your PII**

If you want to (a) review or revise the PII that you have already provided; and/or (b) discontinue your service with us or otherwise close your account with us and have us delete the PII in it (except for information that we keep for record-keeping purposes), please contact us via e-mail at [pr@MagazineDiscountCenter.com](mailto:pr@MagazineDiscountCenter.com).

To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.

 **Third Party Links**

The Website contains links to other websites owned, operated and affiliated with MagazineDiscountCenter.com and to websites and/or products operated by unrelated third parties. In addition, if you click on an advertisement on our Website, you may be directed to a web page within the Website or to a third party website or product. Please note that we do not endorse, nor are we in any way responsible for, the accuracy of the privacy policies and/or terms and conditions of third party websites or products accessible through the Website, the Newsletters, the Online Media or any of the e-mail sent by us including, without limitation, our Advertisers. In some cases, you may be required to provide certain information to register or complete a transaction on the web properties of such third parties. Such entities are independent third parties and are not affiliated with us. These third parties have separate privacy and data collection practices and policies and we have no responsibility or liability relating to them. We encourage end-users to review the privacy practices and policies and terms of use of any such entities. This Privacy Policy applies only to this Website, unless you are notified otherwise upon accessing any third party website or product, in which case the terms and conditions set forth in such notification will apply.

 **California-User Consumer Rights**

In accordance with California Civil Code Sec. 1789.3, California resident Members are entitled to know that they may file grievances and complaints with California Department of Consumer Affairs, 400 R Street, STE 1080, Sacramento, CA 95814; or by phone at (916) 445-1254 or toll free at 1-800-952-5210; or by e-mail to [dca@dca.ca.org](mailto:dca@dca.ca.org). For more information about protecting your privacy, you may wish to visit: [www.ftc.gov](http://www.ftc.gov/).

 **Contact Us**

If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, desire not to receive information about products or services that we think may be of interest to you, or wish to access or delete your information, please contact us via e-mail at: [pr@MagazineDiscountCenter.com](mailto:pr@MagazineDiscountCenter.com).

 **Notification of Changes**

If we make an important change to this Privacy Policy, we will post a notification and link on our homepage so that you can review the updated policy.
