> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the magazine.org privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081218135412id_/http%3A//www.magazine.org/privacy_policy/index.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Magazine Publishers of America - Privacy Policy

This is the Website of the **Magazine Publishers of America** , the industry association for the consumer magazine industry. 

The main purpose of our Website is to provide information to our domestic, international, and associate members. We can provide requested information via e-mail or hard-copy transmission. If you request information, please specify which method of response you desire.

For MPA Members, Conference registrants, and Other Customers.  To gain access to members-only resources and personalization features on the MPA Web site, members and other users are asked to register and provide some limited information. These data are submitted voluntarily. MPA asks users to provide their name, title, member company name, and e-mail. Similar information may be submitted to MPA through membership applications, conference or seminar registration, publication orders, subscriptions, and contest registrations. Additionally, for some emails sent in electronic format by MPA to its members MPA will collect specific information regarding what the recipient does with that email. For those emails, MPA will monitor whether a recipient subsequently clicks through to links provided in the message. Other information collected through this tracking feature includes: email address of a user, the date and time of the user's "click," tracking URL number and destination page. MPA uses this information to enhance its products and distribution of those products to its members. MPA may also provide this information to sponsors of certain MPA events.

For General Users.  MPA does not collect any personal information from users browsing its Web site. Users to the public areas of MPA's Web site browse anonymously. Only aggregate data -- such as the number of hits per page and IP address or domain name of a visiting computer  \-- are collected. Aggregate data are only used for internal and marketing purposes and do not provide any personally identifying information. 

Our Website does not automatically collect any individually identifiable information from visitors. E-mail addresses are not captured or stored for future use, unless you provide your address and request information.

If you provide us with your postal or e-mail address, you may receive periodic mailings, containing information we believe you may find useful, including notices of new services offered by MPA, upcoming events, published newsletters and press releases. If you do not wish to receive this information, we will be happy to remove your name from our database. You may notify us by email at [mpa@magazine.org](mailto:mpa@magazine.org). Please specify if you do not wish to receive any future electronic contacts and/or First-class mailings. 

We do our best to ensure accurate, timely, and complete information. We cannot, however, guarantee the accuracy of information obtained from external sources. If you have any questions about MPA's privacy policy, if you would like to opt-out from receiving future communications from MPA or its sponsors, please contact us at [webmaster@magazine.org](mailto:webmaster@magazine.org)
