> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the magedtv.net privacy policy that was archived on 2009-10-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091003223858id_/http%3A//magedtv.net/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MagedTv - Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy describes the collection, use and disclosure of information MagedTv.net. ("Maged Tv") receives and collects when you access or use Maged Tv services from the Maged Tv website (located at www.MagedTv.net) or when you access or use Maged Tv services via the websites of our video service distribution partners (the "Partner Sites").

**Maged Tv Services**  
Maged Tv has developed and maintains a network of video content creators, advertisers, and related technology, that facilitates the download and distribution of video content from participating creators, and links from participating advertisers, to online users (the "Maged Tv Services"). The Maged Tv Services enable you to download, share, watch, track, advertise on and generate revenue from video content on Maged Tv.

This Privacy Policy describes how Maged Tv strives to protect the privacy of:  
(i) artists or owners who create and submit Videos for distribution (our "Makers").  
(ii) advertising partners and sponsors who create and submit advertising content or links ("Ads") for distribution with Videos (our "Sponsors").  
(iii) distributors or referral partners who share Videos and Ads through various online distribution methods, including websites, email or peer-to-peer networks (our "Sharers").

(iv) users who view and/or interact with our Videos and Ads from our Site or from the Partner Sites ("Watchers").  
(v) visitors to the Maged Tv Site who access our products or services or who submit reviews and comments to our Site (our "Visitors").  
(vi) our members (those Makers, Sponsors, Sharers, Watchers or Visitors) who register with Maged Tv and create an account (our "Members").

**Partner Sites**  
Although you may access Videos, Ads and the Maged Tv Services from Partner Sites, the Partner Sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy. Maged Tv is not responsible for the privacy practices, policies or content of such Partner Sites. Maged Tv encourages users to read the posted privacy policies whenever interacting with any website to learn more about the privacy practices of that website. Maged Tv has no control over the use of a user's personal information by third party websites, including Partner Sites, and a Visitor should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any personally identifiable information. Partner Sites may use cookies and/or other data collection tools.

**IP Addresses**  
We will not use IP addresses when recording any feedback or polling you might offer. An IP address is a number assigned to the computer that is requesting a Web page from our site. Usually it is not your personal computer, but a computer used by your Internet service provider or company network. Maged Tv uses IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Web site, and to report aggregate information. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and is subject to the Maged Tv Member Agreement. Your use of the Site and any personal information you provide to Maged Tv remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Member Agreement.

**Information** Maged Tv does not collect personally identifiable information (such as name, username, address, phone number or email address) from Watchers viewing or interacting with Videos and Ads. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Maged Tv does collect certain non-personally identifying information about a Watcher each time a Video is played: For each Video Ad request, Maged Tv collects a Watcher's Internet Protocol ("IP") address and information that is specific to how a Watcher accesses and uses the Internet, as well as how they view and/or interact with Videos and Ads: these non-personally identifying details include, but are not limited to, the website you are logged onto, the geographic location of the IP address you are using to access the Internet, which and how many web pages you have viewed, search terms used, referring/exit pages, platform type and date/time information, the number and frequency of Watchers to each Video and Ad, the length of their viewing patterns, the type of browser (and browser language) you use when Watching a Video, the operating system your browser uses and what technology is available through your browser in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a Video or Ad (e.g., Flash or HTML) (collectively, with the identification of the Video watched, the "Technology Information").

**Purpose** The Technology Information Maged Tv collects about Watchers is anonymous and does not personally identify a Watcher. It is obtained for the purpose of selecting, delivering (and monitoring delivery and distribution of) Ads when a Watcher has watched a Video, measuring the Video and Ad effectiveness with Watchers and generally improving the Maged Tv Services. For each Video Ad request, Maged Tv will use the Technology Information collected to select and display an Ad after the Video play has been completed. Furthermore, Maged Tv uses the Technology Information collected to analyze trends, audit Videos and Ads watched, monitor Ad clicks, identify our "most viewed" or "most popular" Videos, identify the geographic reach of our Videos and Ads, identify the audience most likely to respond to Videos and Ads, and tailor Ad placements for our Sponsors accordingly. This information may be shared with Maged Tv's Makers, Sharers, Sponsors, employees, business partners and affiliates. Maged Tv may aggregate this information and share such aggregated information with interested third parties. In addition, Maged Tv reserves the right to track IP addresses for the purposes of fraud prevention, and Maged Tv reserves the right to release IP addresses to legal authorities.

**Cookies**  
Maged Tv uses cookies to help it collect, maintain and use Technology Information. A cookie is a small data file that Maged Tv transfers to a Watcher's computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes when the Watcher is served a Video and an Ad facilitated by Maged Tv. Cookies help Maged Tv better understand the effectiveness of Video and Ad (for example, by tracking the way in which a Watcher responds to, selects and interacts with a Video and Ad or any content provided therein, or the location and context in which a Watcher views a Video and Ad). Please remember, Partner Sites are not governed by this Privacy Policy and Partner Sites may also use cookies and/or other data collection tools. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Maged Tv Services and Site may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. Maged Tv's cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information and they can help control the type of Ad and number of times a Watcher views an Ad.

**Third Party Advertising**  
Ads appearing on this Web site may be delivered to users by MagedTv.net or one of our Web advertising partners. Our Web advertising partners may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement. In this way, ad servers may compile information about where you, or others who are using your computer, saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy statement covers the use of cookies by MagedTv.net and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.

**Changes and Updates to this Privacy Notice**  
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. Your use of the Site and the Maged Tv Services constitutes your acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy, as may be amended or revised by use, and you are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.

  Maged Tv, Live Tv Streaming, Online Tv Streaming, Online Tv Sport, Show Sports, Koora, Ahly, Zamalik, Art Sports, Live Tv Jazeera, AL Ahly Channel, Showtime, Nilesat, ART Showtime, Jazeera Sport Channel, Channel JSC, +1, +2, +3, ShowSP, Streaming X Tv, X ART, JSC +1 +2 +3, Shows,
