> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the magix.info privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161105051707id_/http%3A//www.magix.info/us/pages/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# magix.info - Multimedia Knowledge Community

  


We appreciate your trust in us and always the greatest possible care in to protect your personal data from unauthorized access using the highest safety standards possible.

Your order, personal information and payment details are protected by technical security systems and additional authorization procedures. This applies to the transfer of your data as well as to its storage on our servers. Your safety concerns according to the statutory obligations will always be accounted for when saving data. We process your personal information for handling orders and maintaining customer relations.

  


## What information does MAGIX collect?

Within the frame of processing the services ordered by you, MAGIX, as necessary, collects information such as your name, address and, if applicable, your bank details and email address for the duration of the contractual relationship between you and MAGIX. Your data will be collected exclusively for providing you with the corresponding services and will be deleted according to statutory requirements as soon as it is no longer needed.

In connection with the use of our newsletter, we collect data on whether you have opened it, which information you use from it, and which information you do not find interesting. This will enable us to fine-tune our future offers according to your wishes. Of course we use such statistics only for improving our offers and do not disclose them to third parties.

  


## Where does MAGIX save your data?

The information we have collected from you is stored exclusively on our company-owned servers. Sensitive information is encrypted during transfer using established safety technology (SSL: Secure Socket Layer) and thereby protected from unauthorized access.

  


## Does MAGIX disclose your data to third parties?

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States .  Google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website in order to create reports about website activity for the website operator and to provide services connected to website and Internet usage. Google can also give this information to third parties if it is required by law or if the third party is a Google proxy.  Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.  You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website you declare your agreement with the processing of data received from you by Google in the manner and with the intentions described above.

Some plug-ins that are used on these websites are plug-ins of the social network facebook.com, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook").

If you access any webpages of our website that contain such a plug-in, you will automatically be connected to the Facebook servers and the plug-in will be displayed on the website and a notice will be sent out to your browser. By doing so, the Facebook server will receive information on which of our websites you have visited. If you are logged in as a Facebook member when doing so, Facebook itself will assign  this information to your personal Facebook user account. When using these plug-in functions (e.g. "like" button, commenting, etc.), Facebook will also assign this information to your account. You will only be able to prevent this by logging out before using plug-ins.

Further information on data collection and use of personal information by Facebook, as well as on your rights and options to protect your privacy is available in the data protection information of Facebook.

  


## The following applies in other cases:

MAGIX or companies affiliated with MAGIX may use the information collected from you for marketing purposes, provided you have given your consent to such utilization. Exceptions are only made if you have participated in a competition that was arranged in cooperation with a further partner. In such cases, however, we will point out explicitly that your data may be disclosed to third parties.

Moreover, your details may be passed on to third parties for providing services or for delivering the newsletter, for instance, to the carrier who will deliver the goods you have ordered or the company that will be responsible for the technology for delivering the newsletter.

Within the frame of applicable law MAGIX will surrender information to law enforcement agencies and courts at their request for the purpose of criminal prosecution.

  


## Does MAGIX use cookies?

MAGIX does not collect personal data of any kind when you visit our website. However MAGIX places cookies when its website is loaded thus avoiding anew requesting of information on navigating our website.

Cookies are small files that are saved on the hard drive of your PC. Access to these files is only effected in unpersonalized form and only occurs when our website is opened. Other websites cannot access this information. The validity of cookies is limited, i.e. they are not stored permanently on your PC but rather for a specific period of time.

You can prevent the installation of cookies anytime by selecting the option "Do not accept cookies" in your browser.

Data that we collect with the aid of cookies is used solely for the purpose of customizing our offer according to customer preferences and to make browsing our site as convenient as possible for you.

  


## Removing your data

You have the right to request that all collected data that is not required by MAGIX for providing the services you have requested be deleted. Simply send a post card to MAGIX AG, Customer Care, Borsigstr. 24, 32312 Lübbecke.

  

