> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the magtxt.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170610050637id_/http%3A//www.magtxt.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | magTXT

## Privacy Policy

**Scope of Coverage**  
This statement of privacy covers how magTXT treats personal information collected and received, including information relating to the past use of our services. "Personal Information" refers to information that personally identifies you by your name, email address or phone number and other information that is not otherwise available publicly. This statement of privacy applies only to the practices of magTXT and the people we employ or manage. Other websites or services linked to/from this website will have their own statements of privacy which can be viewed on their respective privacy links. 

  
**Privacy Policy  **  
We at magTXT, have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting your personal information and informing you about how we handle it. This privacy policy only applies to transactions and activities in which you engage, and data gathered, on the magTXT Website. Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may modify it from time to time. This privacy policy was last revised on 5th of August 2012. Each time you visit the site or provide us with information, by doing so you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy at that time. 

  
**Your IP Address  **  
Each time you visit the site, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. In order to administer and optimize the site for you and to diagnose problems with our site, we use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you. 

  
**Cookies  **  
magTXT may use cookies (a small file placed on your computer’s hard drive) that enables us to collect information which pages you find useful and which you do not.   
Cookies are also needed for login and registration. magTXT and other third parties such as our advertisers may also use cookies to serve ads to you based on your visit to our website.   
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. To opt out of Google’s use of cookies, please visit Google ad and content network privacy policy.   
Third party advertisers on the site may also place or read cookies on your browser. However, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas on the site.   
You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our website as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.   
Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added. 

  
**DoubleClick DART Cookies  **  
magTXT also use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer’s hard drive when you are browsing this website using DoubleClick advertising such as Google Adsense advertisements.   
This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests (“interest based targeting”). The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history. DART uses “non personally identifiable information”. It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your bank account numbers or credit card numbers and etc. You can opt-out of this ad serving on all websites using this advertising by visiting http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/ads/. 

  
**Information We Collect From You  **  
In order to operate the site and to provide you with information about products or services that may be of interest to you, we may collect "personal information", "financial information" or "demographic information", subject to the rest of this paragraph. We ask that you do not enter personal information or financial information into your profile, because if you do then it may be posted publicly on the site, and the information will then be treated as "demographic information" that is "public information." Please note that nowhere on the site do we knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18, as we require that all users represent to us that they are at least 18 years old. 

  
**Information Other websites Collect From You  **  
On the site, we place links to other websites operated by other parties. Some of these other websites contain our brand names and trademarks and other intellectual property that we own; others do not. When you click on these links and visit these other websites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we do not control these other websites or these other websites' business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to these other websites. Consequently, the operators of these other websites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the site. We encourage you to review their privacy policies and remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions. 

  
**How We Use Personal Information  **  
We use your personal information to help us efficiently operate the site, to contact you in connection with your transactions and other activities on the site including, but not limited to, confirmation emails or important news that could affect your relationship with magTXT, and to forward messages to you from other magTXT users. These types of communications, are known as "Operational Communications." In some cases, Operational Communications may also contain commercial messages, such as banner advertisements and special offers. 

By purchasing, or registering or making reservations for, products or services offered or sponsored by third parties on the site, or electing to receive communications or electing to participate in contests, or other reward programs, offered or sponsored by third parties on the site, you consent to our providing your personal information to those third parties. Those third parties may use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. You will need to contact those third parties to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them. Additionally, you agree that we may use and disclose all such information so submitted to such third parties in the same manner in which we are entitled to use and disclose any other information you submit to us. 

In some cases, we may enter into a promotional relationship with another company in which we prominently display their brand name or trademarks on pages of the site. These pages are known as "Co-Branded Pages" and these companies are known as Co-Branded Companies. If the page on which you submit information is a Co-Branded Page, or was accessed by clicking on a link on a Co-Branded Page, then we may share your personal information with the associated Co-Branded Company. Co-Branded Companies may use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. You will need to contact Co-Branded Companies to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them. Additionally, you agree that we may use and disclose all such information so submitted to such Co-Branded Companies in the same manner in which we are entitled to use and disclose any other information you submit to us. Some Co-Branded Pages may contain an action tag (also known as a Web Beacon or a 1 pixel .gif file) that a third party, such as the advertising company Avenue A, may use to read cookies that it, or its clients, may have placed on your browser at other (non-magTXT) web sites before your visit to magTXT. This technology is used to measure the effectiveness of advertisements on such other websites that promote Co-Branded Pages. 

Any third party with whom we are allowed to share your personal information is authorized to use your personal information in accordance with our contractual arrangements with such third parties and in accordance with their own privacy policies, over which we have no control, and you agree that we are not responsible or liable for any of their actions or omissions. Those who contact you will need to be instructed directly by you regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them. 

  
**How do We Use Public Information and Other Demographic Information  **  
We may review all demographic information. We may use public information to enable other users to find your profile, to determine whether they are a match for you and to communicate with you. We may use demographic information to tailor the site and communications to your interests. We may also share demographic information with advertisers on an anonymous and aggregated basis. One of the reasons we may do this is to increase the likelihood that our advertisers' goods and services will appeal to magTXT users, so that we may target specific advertisements at specific demographic groups. Our sharing of demographic information with advertisers is anonymous, subject to the rest of this privacy policy. When you respond to an advertisement, however, we ask you to remember that if that ad that is targeted to a demographic group and you decide to give the advertiser your personal information, then the advertiser may be able to identify you as being a member of that demographic group. Please also be aware that when we disclose your financial information or personal information to a Co-Branded Company, as described above, we may also disclose to that Co-Branded Company your demographic information, other than the content of one-on-one communications between you and other members. Please also be aware that we may disclose your demographic information on a non-anonymous basis. 

  
**Changing our Privacy Policy for Previously Gathered Information  **  
If at any point we decide to use particular personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email or by providing 30 days notice on the site. Please note that we will continue to have the right to change our privacy policy and practices, and how we use your personally identifiable information, without notice, as described in the first paragraph of this Privacy Policy, provided that such changes shall only apply to information gathered on or after the date of the change. 

  
For any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, the practices of the site, or your dealings with the site, you can contact us at **magTXT@gmail.com**.

## Featured Articles

[ ](https://web.archive.org/article/119/how-trick-your-body-losing-weight-and-being-healthy-same-time)

    It’s almost next to impossible nowadays to be truly healthy, let alone, lose weight and be healthy at the same time. With fast food joints popping up everywhere, eat-and-run meals sadly seem to be discouraging people to take the time to cook a healthy meal, and also inadvertently encouraging obesity by giving customers the tempting option of upsizing their meals for lesser the price.     Not only that, people are crazy over these fad/crash diets, even if at the expense of their health, so long as they lose weight fast. But fret not! There’s still hope. You can be both healthy and lose weight. The key is really just having a healthy active lifestyle. Here are 4 things to consider if you want to lose weight healthily:     1.    Eat breakfast.  Don’t trick yourself into thinking that skipping the first meal of your day will lessen your overall weight in the long run. It’s not called breakfast for nothing, darlings. It’s not only the first; it’s actually THE most important meal of the day. Why? Because you’re essentially breaking the overnight fast, the time your body was asleep. In doing so, you wake up your body and give it the necessary jolt for the day. Missing breakfast will actually make you hungry throughout the whole day whereas eating properly will minimize those pangs until the day finishes. So don’t be afraid. Also, don’t eat sweets and junk food. Eat healthy. A well balanced breakfast of protein, fiber and good carbs will give your health much wealth.     2.    Don’t do fad or crash diets. photo by yourecards Fad diets are the type of diet where you’re promised to lose weight quickly without any hassle and exercise. They’re usually popular; the reason for this is because a lot of celebrities endorse this kind of diets and could be just a marketing strategy for a company’s new product/s. Some examples of this diet are high-protein diets, liquid diets, grapefruit diets, and others. The thing with fad diets is that it may seem quick and easy but it may actually endanger your health as it can lead you to unhealthy and unbalanced routines.     Crash diets also offer you quick weight loss results in a short amount of time. But unlike fad diets, crash diets are extreme to the point of nutrient deprivation and restriction of particular foods, especially your calorie intake. To point simply, quick weight loss programs, whether fad or crash types, won’t give you long-term results but can lead you to an unwholesome lifestyle. Bear in mind, if a diet seems too good to be true, it usually is.     3.    Drink water first before a meal. Research has shown that drinking water at the right time of the day can greatly maximize its effects on your body? 1-2 glasses of water 30 minutes or an hour before a meal can help you get better digestion and cause your stomach to absorb nutrients better. The added H2O can also make you feel fuller, thus lessening your food intake. Not only that, choosing to drink water, instead of those so-called empty-calorie beverages will be beneficial to your health. Say goodbye to rough and dry skin! Also, did you know drinking water can energize your day? More than drinking those energy drinks, water is still the best and original drink that could help empower your body.     4.    Find the perfect exercise and diet that will match you and your health. Proper exercise and proper food go hand in hand towards the road to healthy weight loss. These are the common mistake that people make: some exercise too much but eat too little. Others want to skip the exercise and just focus on eating right. However, you can’t have one without the other. Also, what works for one person may not be good for another. It’s important to know your limits; finding the right method may take a while. Be committed, experiment with different exercise regimes and diets until you find the one that fits your lifestyle.     Here are some easy hacks to trick your body into eating healthy and still lose a couple of pounds:     a.    Do not lead yourself into temptation but deliver yourself from “evil”. In this case, JUNKFOODS. Don’t stock up food in the fridge that will easily lure into an eating binge.     b.    Use smaller plates OR when you place the food, get only smaller portions. You can easily get a second helping if you want. But most of us only eat and finish what we usually place on our plates the first time.     c.    Have moral support. Having someone encourage you to be a better you would mean a lot.     d.    Get plenty of sleep. Not getting enough sleep will automatically rouse your body to eating more than usual to keep you energized for the day.     e.    Don’t eat because you’re bored! Comfort eating is okay every now and then but watch out that this doesn’t become a habit. Here are some ideas to avoid emotional eating:     •    Get in touch with some friends or family when you need to talk things out. Don’t you dare touch that fridge.     •    Calm down by taking a long soothing bath or doing meditation.     •    Try taking a nap or go on a brisk walk while listening to energizing music.     f.    Eat small portions of healthy food (5 times at least, instead of only the 3 major meals. Try these:     •    Potato chips (yes! These are okay actually)     •    Peanut butter     •    Hard-boiled egg     •    Raisins     •    Tangerines     •    Popcorn     •    Frozen yogurt     •    Fresh avocado     •    Chestnuts     •    Fresh fruit salad

[ ](https://web.archive.org/article/112/natural-and-effective-way-grow-your-hair)

    The hair is absolutely a person’s crowning glory regardless of gender. A hairstyle can make a huge difference in a person’s aura and even mood. This is the main reason why we have this “bad hair day” quotes that often means a not so good mood. Choosing the perfect hairstyle for you is one of the most challenging yet difficult things to do especially if your hair requires a longer period of time for it to grow. Sometimes it takes a risk to change a hairstyle from what you have been used to. This is one of the common dilemmas that women experience every time they cut their hair.      If you would want to grow your hair a bit faster than the usual it could be because you mistakenly cut your hair and you would want to bring back the old one. Regardless of the reason your hair will eventually return to your desired length as long as you can wait for it. Sometimes your patience is being tested especially if your hair seemed not to cooperative at all. However there must be something that you missed or done something wrong that prevents your hair from growing back in the normal rate.     The average hair grows about 1.25 centimeters per month. If you convert that into inches which is often used as a standard unit in measuring things that is 0.5 inches per month. If you want to know how long your hair can grow within a year of waiting, so that’s 6 inches. It seems unbelievable but that is the average hair growth of a human being. If you think you are not part of this average then it’s time to learn the trick on how to grow your hair faster than ever.      1.    You can actually promote hair growth by having your hair trimmed at least once a month. Although this may sound outrages because you would want to grow your hair in the first place so why cut it? The reason is that you need to get rid of your split ends that can actually cause further damage to your hair. It is the culprit of hair breakage and possible hair loss so you better deal with it properly.     2.    Do not wash your hair every day. Allow the moisture in your hair to stay in your scalp. The natural oil helps in the growth of your hair.      3.    Always tie your hair, but not too tight. By doing this, every time you need to pull your hair to tie it, your hair roots are stimulated which can make your hair grow faster.      4.    Refrain from using too much shampoo and applying heat to your hair. If you are going to shampoo your hair make sure to dilute it in water first before applying it to your hair. Even the most popular shampoos can actually make your hair dry if you use it every day. Give your hair a break from potential damage due to the use of chemicals.     

[ ](https://web.archive.org/article/76/most-demand-freelance-online-jobs-2017)

    Nowadays people are very much dependent with the internet. Being online 24/7 is slowly becoming a norm and obviously people are into it for several reasons. Majority of people choose to stay online because of social media such as Facebook, Instagram, meanwhile others are using it as their bread and butter. It is undeniably true that the internet can actually help you generate funds as long as you have the skills and you make use of it. However, what if you don’t have any knowledge about programming, web designing etc.? Anyone can actually become an online worker. It is not limited to those who know such skills. There are varieties of work available online that doesn’t require you to be a pro.      Here are the lists of the most in-demand online jobs that do not require special skills.     Article writer, content writer, blogger. It is the most common and very basic type of job that you can find online. The thing about article writers is that it has always been available since the very day it started. Every website that relies on Google AdSense for monetary gain is required to have quality articles. Google have high standards when it comes to content. It bans websites with less articles or content. Google AdSense has been known to also have high rates when it comes to funds, one great reason why almost all who would want to gain money from websites chose AdSense as their provider. Article writers are usually paid according to the number of articles finished. Also, it is very important to create your own article and refrain from copying contents because it can be monitored by employers by simply using software such as copyscape. It checks your article for possible duplicate and it can also locate where you copied a certain portion of your content.      Online Tutor. If you speak good English and have great internet speed at home, you will most likely encounter offers of being an online tutor. Rates are per hour and this became really popular nowadays because it does not require too much of your energy as long as you have the patience in guiding your student. Also, online tutors are for one on one basis only. It means you will just have to focus on a single student every session. The clients are mostly from Japan, Korea, Singapore and other Asian countries whose first language is not English. Also, you can choose whether you want to have a video or just an audio session. There are several companies that are hiring every now and then because demands for this job are quite high.      Data Entry. Have you ever came across with captchas online? These are figures in the form of numbers or letters that you are required to type in during verification process every time you sign up for a new website. However unlike the first two options above, this one here is not for free. This requires you to pay P600 as membership fee. Upon payment you will then have access to their system, including the software that you will use. The software will be the one to generate the captcha that you have to encode. You will be paid according to the number of captchas that you can generate and encode. The best thing here is that you don’t have any employers and deadlines to meet. You can make use of it anytime you want. Your salary will surely depend on how eager you are to work. 

[ ](https://web.archive.org/article/79/things-you-probably-dont-know-about-chinese-new-year)

    The Philippines has been known to be a home for variety of culture and tradition. It can’t be denied that different tribe, and races were able to contribute and influence the Philippine’s history. Descendants from different cultures were embraced by the native Filipinos and created a community of prosperity rich in friendship and respect. One of the most common events being celebrated in the Philippines is the Chinese New Year. Although this event is intended for Chinese communities only, Filipinos have been fully accustomed to it. Not to mention the existing business establishments owned by Filipino-Chinese families that has been present for quite some time.       For this year, Chinese New Year will fall on January 28, 2017. Is it the same with the usual New Year celebration that the entire world is celebrating during January 1? The reason why Chinese have different kind of New Year Celebration is that Chinese follow the Lunar Calendar instead of the Gregorian calendar. Each year has its own or being represented by a zodiac. Chinese calendar is highly astronomical in nature and this has been their basis since time immemorial. It is also a sort of guide in choosing the best and luckiest dates for certain celebrations or events such as wedding, funerals, house blessings and even in opening a business.      In the Philippines, Chinese New Year is declared as a local non-working holiday. Although the number of number of people who have Chinese blood or are Chinese are not that many, it is a local holiday for all of the Filipinos to celebrate. This is how Chinese’s culture is closely tied with the Filipino’s. It has been also part of the Filipino community to join the Chinese with their tradition during Chinese New Year.      Tikoy which is actually a common food being sold during this celebration has been very popular within the entire country. It is actually made from grinned glutinous rice which is usually sweet. It has different flavors and its sticky nature is said to signify the closeness of family and friends. In China it is called Nian Gao. Although you can buy this anytime of the year, it is more in demand during the celebration of New Year.     Another thing which is very significant during this event is the Chinese Lion Dance. A group of dancers dressed in loud colors usually in red and yellow will roam the streets and perform the lion dance. Dancers are then escorted by other people who will be playing the cymbals and drums to give beat to the dance. They are usually seen in business establishments owned by Chinese businessmen. It is said that the lion dance can bring good fortune especially in business enterprises, since according to them, lions are considered to be the symbol of luck and positive energy.    

[ ](https://web.archive.org/article/27/battle-city-golden-friendship-cagayan-de-oro)

    The City of Cagayan de Oro is also the capital of Misamis Oriental. It is also the regional center of Northern Mindanao. Tourists and travelers from time to time flock the city. Because of this, it is titled as the city of golden friendship. Ironically, before the peace, it went through a tiresome war that made its mark in the history of the Philippines.     For 276 years the Spanish Colonizers dominated the Philippines. But on the 10th of December 1898 the Treaty of Paris was signed by the United States and Spain in Paris. In the treaty it was agreed that the country would handed over to the Americans in return for a payment. The amount paid to Spain by the Americans was 120,000,0000 dollars. In other words, Philippines was bought by the United States from Spain.     In Cagayan de Oro, the Americans’ arrival was much received with restiveness and hostility by the Kagay-anons. They did not agree to the occupation of the US. And so a revolutionary group called “ Tercios Revolucionarios” was created and organized by the people of Cagayan. Its main leaders were people who are prominent even in today’s times. These people included known names in Cagayan de Oro such as Apolinar Velez, Nicanor Capistrano, Roa Y. Racines, Tirso Neri, and Cayetano Pacana.     The prominent leaders of this organization purposefully trained and prepared the Kagay-anons mentally and physically. Their main goal was to resist and push back the Americans from entering their town. But there was a setback to their plans as they have realized. Their men had only bolos and some rifles as weapons to fight the Americans. But nevertheless, these were the men who fought in the famous April 7, 1900 battle and that of Macahambus.     The invasion of Cagayan de Oro by the Americans came on 31 March 1900. They first bombarded the town and burned the flag of Macabalan. The fighters of the Tercios Revolucionarios were already prepared and trained even before the invasion came. But they waited until April 7 to attack the Americans. Their army was headed by General Nicolas Capistrano. Originally, they were camped at Gagno plateau at Bukidnon which is located 9km from Cagayan.      The ringing of San Agustin Church’s bell was the go signal for them to attack the Americans when they arrived. The Revolucionarios attacked in a systematized wave. The first wave were men with bolos only as weapons. Then next to them were the riflemen. They were then followed by cavalrymen. Their main plan was to make a sneak attack on the American soldiers. But because some of the macheteros(men with bolos) shouted battle cries, their plan was foiled.     The Americans were quick to react to the battle cries of the natives carrying bolos and so there raged a battle between the well-armed Americans and the Revolucionarios. When Gen. Capistrano realized impending defeat, he ordered for a retreat. The most intense fighting happened in the town’s plaza, which is now called the Gaston Park. But the Kagay-anons stood no chance against the Americans. After an hour they were defeated and the remnants of the Revolucionarios were chased away from the city.     Even with so little hope of winning, the Revolucionarios fought with much valiance. But still they were defeated. When peace returned to Cagayan de Oro, Tirso Neri became its first Mayor. There he ordered the opening of Divisoria.

## Recent Articles

[ ](https://web.archive.org/article/133/how-much-does-vitro-fertilization-costs-philippines-and-its-success-rate)

    According to statistics, one out of ten couples in the Philippines has problems conceiving. When everything has been set having a child is the important thing that any couple would want to fulfill. Infertility issues have taken place since time immemorial even in the time of Abraham. In line with this several methods have been introduced to perhaps carry out the desires of those who wanted to have a complete family. In Vitro Fertilization (IVF) is already available in the Philippines but people are not sure how much will it cost.      Couples who have problems in conceiving result to IVF when they have tried almost all other methods to get pregnant. It is considered as the most expensive way to conceive and its success rate still depends on the health, age, and the genes of the couple. In the Philippines, this procedure costs around P500,000 or more. It is quite a big amount but several couples even those who are not well-off managed to undergo this procedure because of their aspiration to have their own child.      The method mainly involves the egg cell and the sperm cell just like the normal way reproduction. However in IVF, egg cells and sperm cells are collected and are fused together in a controlled environment or in a laboratory. When the sperm cell has fully fertilized the egg cell, it will then be transferred back to the woman’s uterus. In IVF, the process of fertilization only happens outside, but the development of the embryo until it becomes a fetus will still happen inside the womb.      This scientific method of reproduction can only be announced to be successful if the mother will be able to deliver the baby alive. There are some instances that although the fertilized egg was already transplanted back to the uterus it did not grow to become an embryo, this could be due to the current condition of the mother or due to stress and other factors that could have affected the process of developing an embryo. Although the whole process did not gave the couple a child, they still need to pay for it.      This is the mean reason why young couples are encouraged to conceive and should not wait for them to reach 40 because it will be very difficult to have a child by that time. Also the risk of complications and other forms of genetic abnormalities for the offspring could already be high. 

[ ](https://web.archive.org/article/139/whats-best-job-your-personality-type)

    In this world where even singers like Rihanna write a song with the lyrics hollering, “Work, work, work, work, work”, it’s easy to note that you can’t live by in this world without going through the corporate jungle. Typically, after going through the doldrums of having an education, a person must then choose a career path… Whatever it may be, remember, that job will be your virtual life partner, so choose wisely. And what better way to base that decision off than that of your personality?       First off, let’s give you a head start in knowing what type you are… One of the best personality tests that you can take is the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator which was largely influenced by Carl Jung, founder of analytical psychology. There are tons of psychology-based websites nowadays that can help you find your personality type. The site, Humanmetrics, covers this in great detail. I highly recommend you go to their site and take the test before reading on through this article. Of course, we don’t just change our careers solely on the results of a personality test, much less, those found on the Internet. But it never hurts to be knowledgeable, as they offer great suggestions and insight we never thought of. With knowledge comes power.        Without further ado, here are some of the best possible career matches based on Jung and Brigg’s 16 types of personality: 1.    ESTP: “The Promoter” (10% of world population) Best jobs: Entrepreneurs, Salespeople, Real-Estate Developers, Show-Business Producers, Actors, Arbitrators, Crime Investigators, Sailors, Athletes, Special Combat Forces 2.    ISTP: “The Crafter” (10%) Best jobs: Carpenters, Mechanics, Surgeons, Furniture Makers, Repair Specialists, Plumbers, Drivers (of any kind of vehicle), Weavers, Athletes, Jewelry Smiths, Trouble-shooters 3.    ESFP: “The Performer” (9-10%) Best jobs: People jobs (in general), Public Relations, Teachers (elementary level at best), Social Work/Counseling, Daycare, Real Estate Agents, Salespeople 4.    ISFP: “The Composer” (10%) Best jobs: Painter, Store Sales Associate Roles, Film Directors, Child Care, Song Writers, Choreographers, Playwrights, Poet, Chef, Novelist, Sculptors, Decorator, Fashion Designers 5.    ESTJ: “The Supervisor” (10%) Best jobs: Occupations that require a high degree of dedication and discipline, Mid- and High-rank Managers and Executives, Corporate Lawyers, Politicians, Military or Police Workers, Entrepreneurs, Engineers, Implementation Specialists 6.    ISTJ: “The Inspector” (10%) Best jobs: Bank examiners, Military or Police Workers, Librarians, Project or Mid-rank Managers, Auditors, Accountants, Tax Attorneys, Lawyers, Engineers, Surgeons 7.    ESFJ: “The Provider” (More than 10%) Best jobs: People-to-people jobs in general, Sales representatives, Social Workers, Coaches, Teachers (often at elementary schools), Clergy 8.    ISFJ: “The Protector” (10%) Best jobs: Patient care and medical services in general, Nurses, Curators, Private Secretaries, Librarians, Social Workers, Middle-Management Personnel, Insurance Agents 9.    ENFJ: “The Teacher” (2%) Best jobs: Almost any career involving sustained face-to-face personal contact in general, Educators, Ministers, Mid- and High-rank Management Roles, Therapists, Guidance Counselors, Primary Care Physicians, Life Coach 10.    INFJ: “The Counselor” (1%) Best jobs: Occupations dealing with personal development on a one-on-one basis in general, Teachers, Writers, Ministers, Social Community Care Services, Health Care Workers, Individual Therapists, Social Movements, Therapeutic Counselors in fields like clinical psychology or psychiatric medicine 11.    ENFP: “The Champion” (2-3%) Best jobs: People-to-people work in general, Teachers, Life Coaches, Ministers, Social Workers, Journalists, Orators, Novelists, Screen Writers, Playwrights, Psychologists, Addiction Rehab Counsellors and other mental and community care staff 12.    INFP: “The Healer” (1%) Best jobs: Ministers, Missionaries, Social Workers, Psychologists, Library Researchers, Life Coaches, Tutors, Addiction Rehab Counselors, Child Counselors, Mental and Community Care Staff, College Humanities Teachers, Creative Script Writers 13.    ENTJ: “The Field Marshal” (2%) Best jobs: Leadership roles in general, Military, Executives, Event organizers, Roles in Technological and Management Consulting Companies, Mid- and High-rank managers, Accountants or Auditors, Cost Estimators, Financial Analysts, Loan Officers, Logisticians 14.    INTJ: “The Mastermind” (1%) Best jobs: Professions in technological companies especially in research and development, High- and Mid-rank Managers in either Technological or Financial companies, Corporate Lawyers, Architects, Economists, Computer Programmers, Police Detectives 15.    ENTP: “The Inventor” (2%) Best jobs: Professions in Research, Development and Analytical departments in general, Executives, HR Recruiters, Management Consultants, Entrepreneurs, Teachers, Sales or Marketing Managers, Corporate Trainers, Property Managers 16.    INTP: “The Architect” (1%) Best jobs: Professions in Research, Development and Analytical departments in general, Computer Network Analysts, Computer Scientist, Computer Systems Analyst, Database or Network Administrators, Software Developer, Teachers for advanced students    

[ ](https://web.archive.org/article/149/why-you-need-get-rid-your-underarm-hair-right-away)

    In order to stay healthy and fully functional it is important for everybody to achieve a healthy lifestyle by having a proper diet and daily exercise. Moreover to promote wellness, proper hygiene must be practiced as well. Aside from taking baths regularly it is good to pay attention on specific areas of the body that require due attention and a special kind of care such as the underarms.     There have been debates whether to remove or shave the hair under the arms or to just let it propagate. Body odor is often recognized and being blamed to the underarms. There is a special thing about the armpit that it produces a distinct kind of smell. The smell can be considered as pheromones or the natural odor produced by the body to attract potential partners. However, unlike animals, humans no longer need to rely on pheromones to get a prospective partner. Humans do communicate but body odor can prevent it from happening because nobody likes to stay with someone with a stinky smell from their underarms.      Commonly, women ought to shave their underarms because it doesn’t really look great to have an armpit full of bushes. It appears less feminine and a bit messy for women. For women, the more smooth and silky your skin is the better. Meanwhile men are not being pressured to remove or shave their underarm hair at all. For them it adds up to being masculine which could fall on the same category with having mustaches or beards.      However if you are concern in maintaining a healthy and proper hygiene, it is best to remove those unnecessary hair regardless of your gender. Two of the primary function of the underarm hair includes: (1) to lessen the friction of the skin in between your underarms. (2) To serve as reagent in producing pheromones. As mentioned earlier you don’t need to produce pheromones at all and there is no evidence that would support the claim that shaved underarms can cause injury to the skin due to friction.      It is important to get rid of those hairs because if you keep them, it becomes a perfect place for bacteria and other body odor causing germs to multiply. Just imagine how gross it is to have a breeding area for bacteria and other germs in your body. A well shaved underarm is much easier to clean and maintain. If you are using deodorant, it can penetrate well to your skin even by using small amounts only. The substance can be absorbed by the skin immediately. An unshaved underarm would usually become sweatier and wet compared to the shaved ones, because it takes time before the hair dries up from your sweat. If you don’t have hair in your armpit then your sweat will just evaporate in no time.      There are several ways to get rid of those unwanted underarm hairs such as waxing, plucking and the less painful yet most effective, the use of laser. 

[ ](https://web.archive.org/article/148/why-using-plastic-bottles-tumblers-can-potentially-kill-you)

    Out of convenience and with the idea of recycling, people tend to make use of their used plastic bottles as water containers. It is a common practice done by most of the people. It is handy compared to pitchers because you can either place it horizontal or vertical. It saves much of the space inside the fridge and you don’t have to deal with broken pieces if you drop it accidentally. But are these things worth the potential harm of using such materials?     Have you ever noticed or checked on the expiry date printed on every plastic water bottle being sold? Most of the people would believe that those numbers or dates indicate the expiration date of the water. But how come water expires? Water can be contaminated but it never expires. The thing is those number or dates were actually intended for the plastic bottle itself. Plastic containers actually have expiration dates. If you keep on using those plastic bottles as water container then you are potentially risking your health.     Although plastic bottles were manufactured under strict supervision making sure that it is free from contaminants and safe for use, it still has its expiration date. It takes about 500 to 1000 years for plastics to decompose. Thinking that since plastics are non-biodegradable therefore it is safe for long term use is a complete mistake. Plastics don’t expire or degrade but the chemicals used to process the product actually do. It is where the potential risk of cancer comes in. Just imagine the chemicals contaminating in your daily drink every single day.      Instead of using plastic bottles, it is safer to use water containers that were made purposely for daily use. There are variety of tumblers and water containers where you can choose according to your needs. It is more ideal to use tumblers that are made from rubber inside of plastic. Rubber is more reliable compared to plastics and it does not cause contamination. Some water containers are also made from metals suited for hot drinks such as coffee.      By using a proper and more suitable water container you are eliminating the risk of cancer and you can even help save the environment by using these containers rather than consuming water from plastic bottles every now and then. You can carry it with you and have it refilled instead of buying new bottled water, adding more trash to the environment. 

[ ](https://web.archive.org/article/147/why-letting-your-rechargeable-batteries-drain-will-be-your-greatest-regret)

    With today’s technology people can no longer continue living normally without the presence of their gadgets such as mobile phones, tablets, laptops and so much more. Most of these items are powered by rechargeable batteries. It is absolutely one of the best features of such devices because you can walk around without worrying of being plugged in. With this, portable power banks were then created to serve as backup source of power so you could still continue using your devices without worrying of a battery low warning. But with the importance of rechargeable batteries, what are the things that you should keep in mind so you can preserve its battery life.     The battery life of any rechargeable battery will greatly depend on how it is being used. Li-Ion or Lithium Ion batteries are commonly used in mobile devices and the like. It is by far the most efficient type of battery among all others. It is also safe to use because it is not prone to overheat and can be recharged as many times as possible. But although this type of battery is by far the most efficient it still requires proper care to maximize its potential.     The things that you need to remember are the following: 1.    Never let your battery go down as low as 10% or worse let it drain. Although your device might be working perfectly well despite of a low battery warning, it is the batteries that will suffer. Letting your batteries deplete will reduce or decrease its life. If you keep on doing this you should not be surprised if one day your batteries will go down straight to 10% even if you have it fully charged. It is not only limited to mobile devices, if you have power banks or rechargeable fans, you should not let it drain or else you it will surely die earlier than expected. 2.    Use the appropriate type of charger for your device. Almost all brand new gadgets come with their own chargers and other peripherals. Make use of your original charger and stop using unrecognized power support items. In any case that you lost or your charger no longer works, try to find the charger that has the closest specs with your device. 3.    Refrain from using fake and substandard power banks because it can actually destroy your batteries. Make sure to use power banks that has passed the quality protocol and has a complete name or brand. Do not be fooled with cheap power banks being sold online. 
