> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ytdownloader.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130609013152id_/http%3A//www.ytdownloader.com/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# YTDownloader - Privacy Policy

**General**

This Privacy Policy is for those using the YTDownloader.com website ("Site"), the YTDownloader application, YTDownloader browser Add-On ("YTDownloader Add-On") and all Site and YTDownloader Add-On contained or displayed information and material any third party software made available in conjunction with it, and any and all available editions, add-ins, tools and documentations, either jointly or separately (collectively and separately known as "YTDOWNLOADER") and explains how we treat information that is received and/or collected, when collected, through the use of the YTDOWNLOADER.

By accessing and using the YTDOWNLOADER you agree and accept the terms of this Privacy Policy and consent to the collection and use of information in the manner set out in this Privacy Policy. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy carefully and to periodically refer to it so that you understand it and subsequent changes if any. We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy with immediate effect and we will post an appropriate notification. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE YTDOWNLOADER.

We respect your right to privacy. Unless specifically indicated in this document, you do not have to provide us with any personally identifying information in order to download, install or use YTDownloader. However, if you wish to take advantage of some of the more special services that we may offer from time to time, you may need to provide certain information and this statement (as may be amended from time to time) shall apply as well as the terms of use and privacy guidelines specific to such service, where available. YTDOWNLOADER uses industry standard technologies and will set and send standard, limited information including the installation and version details, date and time etc. When you sign up, comment, send us an e-mail or ask us to respond to you by email, or when you communicate with us in any other way ("Communication"), we retain your e-mail address if provided and the information that you have included in the respective Communication as well as our responses to such Communication. We may associate such information with information received from other channels such as your Site usage information.

**Cookies**

We may set cookies and related standard technologies as you download, install, access, use or visit YTDOWNLOADER’s respective components, use our online products and services or view our products and offers. A cookie is a small amount of data which is stored on your computer or device for the purpose of identifying the browser or product during interactions. We also use cookies to track the interest and usage patterns of our users so we can achieve our goals as set forth in the "HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION" chapter below. You can configure your web browser not to accept cookies, although this may affect how you see and are able to use the Site and online products and services. When you access and use the Site or any other website we may record certain information such as your interaction with the Site and website, the pages read, movement from page to page, your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser information and application numbers, referring page, cookies, geographical location, date and time, etc.

**How we may use Information**

We may use the information to optimize the performance, improve the usability, provide additional or customized offerings, make sure things are working properly, track status indicator, enhance the experience on YTDOWNLOADER and for use in aggregate for commercial purposes such as marketing, promotions etc. we may also use information you have submitted to deliver the content and services you have requested. However, unless specifically indicated in this document, such information is collected and shared without any association to your personally identifying information so that you remain anonymous. We may share and/or transfer information including personally identifying information internally within our group of companies as well as with government bodies and law enforcement agencies (where lawfully instructed or required), successors in title to the respective business (i.e. if we become involved in any form of merger or acquisition) and to suppliers we engage to process data on our behalf. We may share non personally identifying information (unless specifically indicated otherwise) with third parties, such as trusted suppliers, business partners, advertisers and search engines. In relation to the information we gain as part of a Communication we may use it to acknowledge your comments and/or reply to your questions and we may store it in case we need to correspond at a later date. We will not use the contact details you provide us for marketing messages without your consent.

**Links to Third Party Websites**

YTDOWNLOADER may include third party offers, button and gadgets or links to such items as well as search features which will use third parties’ search services. By choosing these, you will be transffered to and receiving services from online service providers which are not under the control of YTDOWNLOADER, and are not monitored or reviewed by us. Inclusion of a link to third party website or service is not a recommendation of a third party website, products or services. Third party sites may contain information or material that is illegal, unreasonable or that some people may find inappropriate or offensive. Before using third party sites and services, you should read and understand those sites’/product’s terms and conditions, shipping, return, warranty, and privacy policies before making a purchase to ensure you agree to their terms. The information we share with these third parties is in compliance with our Privacy Policy. Any purchases you make will be through third party websites. You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the products, services, or descriptions of those products or services that you receive from third party sites or to the content or privacy practices of those sites, and this Privacy Policy does not apply to the third party products and services. You are knowingly and voluntarily assuming all risks of using third party sites to purchase products and services. You agree that we shall have no liability whatsoever with respect to such third party sites and your usage of them.

**Search**

Should the Site include a search feature, the search feature will send a request to the respective services provider (auto-complete, auto-suggest, search services etc.), such requests may include additional information as required to properly process your search query.

**Security**

We have security measures in place to prevent unauthorized access to and protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Although we take reasonable steps to safeguard information, we cannot be responsible for the acts of those who gain unauthorized access, and we make no warranty, express, implied or otherwise, that we will prevent such access.

Privacy Policy Effective Date: May 9, 2013
