> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the gotobermuda.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181030134340id_/https%3A//www.gotobermuda.com/info/terms-use-privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy // Go To Bermuda

Welcome to Bermuda Tourism Authority located at [http://www.gotobermuda.com/](https://www.gotobermuda.com/) (the “Website”).  This Website is maintained and operated by the Bermuda Tourism Authority (“BTA”, “we”, “our” or “us”). The Privacy Policy below discloses our practices regarding information collection and usage solely for the Website and the services provided on the Website.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to any other website or service provided by us, our partners or clients, unless it appears on such website or service. By using and visiting our Website and by submitting your personally identifiable information to us you agree to us using your personally identifiable information as set out in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy you may not access or otherwise use the Website.

BY USING OR ACCESSING THE WEBSITE, YOU SIGNIFY YOUR AGREEMENT TO BE BOUND BY OUR PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE WEBSITE. 

**_Personally Identifiable Information That We Collect_ :  **We may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name, address, and/or e-mail address (collectively, “PII”), from the Website only when you choose to provide it to us.  For example, you may choose to provide us with PII when you send us an email, register for the Website, subscribe to our newsletter, and/or participate in other activities, services, features or resources that we make available on the Website. 

**_Non-Personal Or Aggregate Information That We Collect_ :  **When you visit or use the Website, we may automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information (“non-PII”) about you, such as your IP address, the type of browser or device operating system you use, the domain name of the website from which you linked to us, the amount of time you spend on the Website and the pages on the Website that you view. We may collect your location information when you visit the Website, including location information either provided by a mobile device interacting with one of our sites or applications (including through beacon technologies), or associated with your IP address, where we are permitted by law to process this information. We may also aggregate information collected from our users (such as the number of users in a particular region or having particular characteristics).

**_Information Usage and Disclosure_ :**

We will only use your PII as described below:

  * We will use PII to operate the Website and to provide you with any specific services that you have requested.
  * We may use your PII to respond to your direct inquires.
  * We will use your PII to add you to our mailing lists and to send you emails from time to time. 
  * We may permit our vendors and subcontractors to access your PII, but they are only permitted to do so in connection with performing services for us.  They are not authorized by us to use the information for their own benefit.
  * We may use your PII to administer contests, promotions, surveys or other site features.
  * We may disclose PII as required by law or legal process.
  * We may disclose PII to investigate suspected fraud, harassment or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, or the policies for the Website. 
  * We may transfer your PII in connection with a bankruptcy proceeding or the sale, merger or change of control of our company or the division responsible for the services with which your PII is associated.



Please note that if you specifically consent to additional uses of your PII, we may use your PII in a manner consistent with that consent. Finally, we reserve the right to supplement your PII with information we gather from other sources which may include information we gather from online and offline sources.  

Non-PII or aggregate information may be shared with any number of parties, provided that such information shall not specifically identify you. We may also use tracking information and other non-PII for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, such as to serve interest based advertising content to you and for any other business purposes permitted by law.

**_Interest Based Advertising_ :  **We may ourselves, or with third party vendors, use non-PII in connection with our own or vendor information to deliver targeted advertising to you when you visit other sites or our Website. Cookies, clickstream data, and other similar technologies described below may be used in this process. For example, if you are searching for information on a particular product, we or our vendor may cause an advertisement to appear on other websites you view with information on that product. This form of advertising, sometimes called “behavioral advertising,” is based on anonymous information and not on any PII. As a result, we and our vendor know your interests, but cannot personally identify you in connection with the delivery of that specific ad. We believe that such advertising is helpful because you will see advertisements that are relevant to your interests. However, if you would like to opt out of these interest-based advertisements, please follow the opt-out process described below under “Opt-Out.”

**_Cross Device Matching_** _:_ We use non-PII to facilitate cross device association. We or our third party vendors analyze device activity data using a mathematical tool known as a “probabilistic algorithm” to determine if you have interacted with content across multiple devices and to match such devices. In connection with this analysis, we may rely on non-PII (including demographic, geographic and interest-based data) from third parties such as data vendors, pursuant to their own privacy policies or we may use the non-PII we collect in conjunction with such third party data.  Based on this data, we may then display targeted advertisements across devices that we believe are associated and may provide other services to our advertisers such as tools, analyses, data and insights to see how their website or mobile applications are used and to further enable the display of targeted advertisements to you, including across your devices. For further instructions on restricting our use of certain cross-device data, please see “Opt-Out” below.

**_Cookies and Similar Technologies_ :  **We may store some information on your device or device hard drive as a "cookie" or similar type of file (such as clear gifs, web beacons, tags, and similar technologies that work on mobile devices) to collect data related to usage of the Website and for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with the Website. Such data may include, without limitation, the address of the websites you visited before and after you visited the Website, the type of browser you are using, your Internet Protocol (IP) address, what pages in the Website you visit and what links you clicked on, and the geolocation of your device. We and our affiliates and/or third party contractors (such as Google Analytics) may use cookies, web beacons, clear gifs and similar technologies on this Website to customize your use of the Website and for other purposes to make your access more convenient or to enable us to enhance and monitor the Website. We may use cookie data and other non-PII for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, such as to serve targeted advertising to you. However, some of the information we collect may include data, such as the identifiers associated with your device that are unique to your computer or device (e.g., IDFA for iOS and Android ID for Android).

You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies and similar technologies on your device or flush them from your browser by adjusting your browser or device preferences, in which case you may still use our Website, but it may interfere with some of its functionality. Cookies and similar items are not used by us to automatically retrieve PII from your device without your knowledge. Please be advised that certain third parties that are beyond the scope of this Privacy Policy, such as advertisers, may collect information in connection with the Website.   We are not responsible for the acts or omissions of such third parties.

**_Clickstream Data:_** As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each website you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as “clickstream data,” can be collected and stored by a website’s server. Clickstream data can tell us the type of device and browsing software you use and the address of the website from which you linked to the Website. We may collect and use clickstream data to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on websites, how visitors navigate throughout websites and how we may tailor our Website to better meet consumer needs. This information will be used to improve our Website and our services. Any collection or use of clickstream data will be anonymous, and will not intentionally contain any personally identifiable data.

**_Security and Data Retention_ :  **We have undertaken and will undertake commercially reasonable efforts designed to prevent unauthorized access to user data retained in our servers, however, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information provided online. We will retain your information for as long as your account or inquiry is active or as needed to provide you with the services and for a reasonable time thereafter in accordance with our standard procedures or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes, and to enforce our agreements. Even if we delete some or all of your PII, we may continue to retain and use aggregate or anonymous data previously collected and/or anonymize or aggregate your PII. Please note that we will not be liable for disclosures of your data due to errors or unauthorized acts of third parties. 

_Other Web Sites and Services_ : As a convenience to you, we may provide links to third party websites, apps or services from within the Website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or content of these third party sites, and by providing a link we are not endorsing or promoting such third party sites.  When you link away from our Website, you do so at your own risk.  We encourage you to read the policies and terms of every website, app or service you visit.

**_Social Networking Services_ :  **The Website may integrate with social networking services.  You understand that we do not control such services and are not liable for the manner in which they operate.  While we may provide you with the ability to use such services in connection with our Website, we are doing so merely as an accommodation and, like you, are relying upon those third party services to operate properly and fairly.

You should be aware that PII which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, social network or otherwise online may be viewed and used by others.  We are unable to control such uses of your PII, and by using such services you assume the risk that the PII provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties.

**_Information Relating to Children:_** Our Website is designed for those 13 years of age and older. We do not knowingly collect information from anyone under the age of 13. If we are made aware that we have received such information, or any information in violation of our policy, we will use reasonable efforts to locate and remove that information from our records.

**_Communications with Us or Through the Website_** **:**   By providing your email address to us, you expressly consent to receive emails from us.  We may use email to communicate with you, to send information that you have requested or to send information about other services provided by us, provided that, we will not give your email address to another party to promote their products or services directly to you without your consent or as set forth in this Privacy Policy. Any communication or material you transmit to us by email or otherwise, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions, or the like, are and will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary.  Except to the extent expressly covered by this Privacy Policy, anything you transmit or post may be used by us for any purpose, including but not limited to, reproduction, disclosure, transmission, publication, broadcast and posting.

**_Changes to Privacy Policy_ : **We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this Privacy Policy at any time.  However, if at any time in the future we plan to use PII in a way that materially differs from this Privacy Policy, we will post such changes here or email you. We encourage you to periodically review the Website for the latest information on our privacy practices.  You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Website after such changes have been first posted.

**_Opt-Out_ :  **To opt-out of any future promotional messages from us, you should send an unsubscribe request to us at [OptOut@bermudatourism.com](mailto:OptOut@bermudatourism.com).  We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt.  However, we are not responsible for removing your PII from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided with your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy or your consent. Please note that if you opt out in this manner, certain aspects of the Website may no longer be available to you.

As noted above, you may opt-out of or restrict the placement of cookies on your device or remove them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences. Please note that cookie-based opt-outs are not effective on many mobile devices. However, on many mobile devices, application users may opt out of certain mobile ads via their device settings.

You may also adjust the settings on your mobile device to allow or restrict the sharing of location information. For example, the "location" permissions on your mobile device may allow you to elect whether to never share location information with us, to share location information only while you are using the mobile version of the Website, or always share location information even if you are not using the mobile version of the Website. If you elect to not share your location information, you may be unable to access some features of our Website that are designed for mobile devices. Also, in the event that you prevent the sharing of location information, we may still estimate your general location based on the IP address you use to access our Website.

If you do not want us to retain or use your personal information, you may withdraw your consent by contacting us at [marketing@bermudatourism.com](mailto:marketing@bermudatourism.com).

**_Interest Based Advertising Opt Out_** :  We may, and may work with third parties, to use non-PII to deliver targeted advertisements to you based upon your online activities and other information.  The online advertising industry provides a service through which you may opt-out of receiving targeted ads from certain data partners and other advertising partners that participate in self-regulatory programs.  We comply with the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising set forth by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA). You can opt-out of targeted advertising from certain providers at  _[www.aboutads.info/consumers](http://www.aboutads.info/consumers)_.

Please note that by opting out, you will continue to see generic advertising that is not tailored to your specific interests and activities. To be clear, cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out. For example, if you have opted out on your device browser, that opt-out will not be effective on your mobile device. You must separately opt out on each device. However, once you have opted out on one device (“Opted-Out Device”), we will not use any new data from the Opted-Out Device to identify you on another device for interest-based advertising purposes and we will not use data from another device for interest-based advertising purposes on the Opted-Out Device.

**_Do Not Track:_** Please note that we do not respond to or honor “do not track” (a/k/a/ DNT) signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers.

**_California Privacy:_** Under California Law, California residents have the right to request in writing from businesses with whom they have an established business relationship, (a) a list of the categories of PII, such as name, email address and mailing address and the type of services provided to the customer that a business has disclosed to third parties (including affiliates that are separate legal entities) during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes and (b) the names and addresses of all such third parties. To request the above information, please contact us at [marketing@bermudatourism.com](mailto:marketing@bermudatourism.com). If you do not want your PII shared with any third party who may use such information for direct marketing purposes, then you may opt out of such disclosures by sending an email to us at [marketing@bermudatourism.com](mailto:marketing@bermudatourism.com).

**_United States of America_ :  **Our Website is maintained in the United States of America.  By using the Website, you freely and specifically give us your consent to export your PII to the USA and to store and use it in the USA as specified in this Privacy Policy.  You understand that data stored in the USA may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the USA.

**_Contact_ :  **For questions or concerns relating to this Privacy Policy or your information, we can be contacted at [marketing@bermudatourism.com](mailto:marketing@bermudatourism.com).
