> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the arvato.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121027164911id_/http%3A//www.arvato.com/en/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## **Privacy Policy Statement**

arvato AG welcomes you to our homepage, and likewise welcomes your interest in our company and our products. The protection of your privacy is important to us. arvato AG’s web activities comply with all applicable laws to protect personal information and guarantee data security. This privacy protection statement tells you how arvato AG treats the information generated during your visit to the arvato AG website. 

## **Collection and Processing of Personal Data**

Personal data is information that identifies you, such as your name, your address, e-mail or postal addresses. arvato AG does not collect personal data from you except when you specifically provide it, for example when ordering information or subscribing to newsletters. 

## **Use and Divulgence of Personal Data**

arvato AG will use your personal data exclusively for purposes of technical Web site administration, to give you access to special information or for general communication with you. arvato AG will neither sell your personal data to third parties nor market it elsewhere. The employees of arvato AG are duty-bound to respect the confidentiality of your data and abide by arvato's Codes of Conduct. **  
**

## **Freedom of Choice**

You control the information you provide arvato AG about yourself. However, if you choose not to share your information with arvato AG, please be aware that you may be unable to access some of the areas of the Web site. If your personal information changes (e.g. zip code, e-mail, postal address), please e-mail the changes to arvato AG in order to correct or update your personal data (our address: info@arvato.de). **  
**

## **Automatically recorded information (non-personal data)**

When you access the arvato AG Web site, general non-personal information (Internet browser used, number of visits, average time spent on site, pages viewed) is recorded automatically (not as part of registration). This information is used to gauge our Web site's appeal and to improve its content and functionality. Your data is not processed any further nor is it transmitted to third parties. 

## **Cookies**

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. However, if IP anonymization is activated on this website, Google will first shorten your IP address within EU member states or in other states that are signatories to the European Economic Area agreement. The full IP address is only transferred to a Google server in the U.S. and shortened there in exceptional cases. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore, you can prevent Google from capturing and processing the data generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link: [http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de "Opens external link in new window").  **  
**

## **Security**

arvato AG takes great care to ensure the security of personal data. Your data is conscientiously protected from loss, destruction, distortion/falsification, manipulation and unauthorized access or unauthorized disclosure. 

## **Minors**

arvato AG strongly advises all parents and guardians to teach their children safe and responsible handling of personal data on the Internet. Minors should not transmit any personal data to arvato AG Web sites without the permission of their parents or guardians. arvato AG will never knowingly collect personal data from minors or use it in any way or disclose it to third parties without permission. 

## **Links to other Web sites**

This statement on privacy protection applies to the www.bertelsmann.com homepage hosted by arvato AG. The Web pages in this homepage may contain links to other providers within and outside arvato group, to which this privacy protection statement does not extend. When you leave arvato AG's Web site, please be aware of and read the privacy statements of each Web site that collects personally identifiable information. 

## **Right to information**

If you have questions concerning our privacy protection policy or how your personal data is processed, please feel free to contact our Privacy Protection representative.

Bertelsmann SE & Co. KGaA / arvato AG  
Data Protection Department  
Carl-Bertelsmann-Str. 270  
D-33311 Gütersloh  
Germany  
E-Mail: datenschutz@bertelsmann.de

Upon request, you will promptly be informed - in writing and pursuant to applicable legislation - which of your personal data, if any, was collected during your visits to arvato AG Web sites. 

## **Notification of changes**

Any changes to our privacy policy will be posted to this privacy statement, the homepage, and any other places we deem appropriate.  
 
