> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the igl.net privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040606060838id_/http%3A//www.casesladder.com/moreinfo/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Case's Ladder: Case's Ladder/eUniverse Privacy Policy

|   


eUniverse ( [http://www.euniverse.com](http://www.euniverse.com/) ) is a network of Web sites (referred to hereafter as "the eUniverse Network," or "Network" for short) providing diversionary entertainment and topical news, information and editorial content to millions of users and subscribers daily. The information collected from users of, and subscribers to, the various sites comprising the eUniverse Network, and the manner in which that information is used, may vary slightly from site to site depending on the nature of the site and the chosen level of involvement of the user. Nevertheless, the information contained in this policy, and eUniverse's respect for its users' privacy in general, is uniformly applicable across the Network. 

**What user information is collected by eUniverse and how is this information used?**

> **Information automatically collected.**  
>  Network sites automatically collect and store the following information about you: the name of the domain from which you access the Internet; the date and time you access the site; and the Internet address of the website from which you linked directly to the Network site. eUniverse uses this information to measure the number of visitors to the sites in the Network and to different sections of a site, to better develop the Network sites to address Network users' preferences and to attract new users, and, in some instances, to properly credit third-parties who refer users to a site in the Network. 
> 
> **Information collected for use of services and features.**  
>  In addition to the information automatically collected any time a user visits a site in the Network, users are frequently asked to provide certain information in order to take advantage of the services and features offered across the Network. Users of sites in the Network are often able to enter contests, sign up to receive or send electronic newsletters, greetings and other emails or content (such as weekly jokes), become members, play games and participate in chat rooms. To provide these services to our users, we generally require that the user provide no more than a name and an email address. We use the information collected to distribute the requested newsletter or other content, to notify contest winners, to enable password protected access to certain services and sections within sites on the Network, and to provide whatever other service the user has authorized in providing the contact information. 
> 
> **Information collected for online purchases.**  
>  Some Network sites offer users the opportunity to purchase products, such as music CDs or inkjet printer refill cartridges. To complete such a transaction, users are asked to provide their name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, credit card number and credit card expiration date. Once entered, this information is usually saved by the e-commerce site. When you choose to make future purchases through a Network e-commerce site, this information automatically appears in the appropriate spaces (i.e. the information fields are "pre-populated") on the web page within the site for placing orders. 
> 
> **Information requested and voluntarily provided.**  
>  eUniverse may occasionally poll users of Network sites and request background information from users such as address, age range, gender, occupation, interests, hobbies, etc. (also known as demographic information). Also, in connection with signing up for, or subscribing to, the services and features offered across the Network, a site may request background information to be optionally provided by the user along with whatever other information is required. The background information collected in user polls and in connection with subscriptions and sign-ups lets eUniverse and its advertisers and marketing partners know, in general, who Network users are and what they like. This, in turn, helps ensure that ads, offers and promotions published on Network sites or delivered to subscribers in emails will be relevant and of some value to Network users. Background user information is also commonly reported by eUniverse in aggregate statistical fashion to third parties interested in knowing what type of audience the Network is attracting. 
> 
> **Use of Cookies and storage of user information.**  
>  The first time a user provides an email address in connection with their activities at a site in the Network, eUniverse assigns an identification number to that email address and deploys a cookie to the user's PC (for information about cookies [click here](http://www.flowgo.com/flowgo2_privacy.cfm?show=cookies)). Whenever that user comes back to a Network site using the same PC, the cookie allows the site to identify the user and to recall the user's email address. If, at any time, a user provides other information in connection with their activities on a Network site (such as name, address, birth date, gender, etc. in connection with, e.g., entering a contest, completing a survey, or signing up for a promotional offer from eUniverse or a third-party advertiser), eUniverse may store that information, along with the user's email address, in its user database. eUniverse uses the information stored in its database (i) for the purpose for which the information was originally provided by a user, (ii) to pre-populate information fields in the event a user wishes to sign up for and/or subscribe to services, promotions or offers in the future, (iii) to ensure that a user will not be repeatedly exposed to the same ads, offers and promotions while visiting Network sites, and (iv) to, in connection with regular communication with a user, include offers, promotions or advertisements historically, or likely to be, of interest to that user. eUniverse does not require users to enable the use of cookies on their browsers in order to access Network sites and participate in any of the activities offered to users. In addition, a user may, at any time, review and update their information, or request that eUniverse remove any and all information about them, stored in eUniverse's database by linking to, and following the instructions at, [www.flowgo.com/support.cfm](http://www.flowgo.com/support.cfm). 
> 
> **Information collected through advertisements and links.**  
>  Advertisements appear in various forms and places throughout Network sites. eUniverse contracts with advertisers both directly and through third-party advertising companies. Advertisers who contract directly with eUniverse are required to represent that they comply with eUniverse's privacy policy with respect to information collected from users through ads displayed on Network sites (see "Information automatically collected" above). 
> 
> As mentioned, eUniverse also uses third-party advertising companies to serve ads on Network sites. These third-party advertising companies employ cookie and 1x1 pixel .gif technology to measure and improve the effectiveness of ads for their clients. To do so, these companies may use anonymous information about your visits to Network sites and other websites. This information can include: date/time of banner ad shown, the banner ad that was shown, their cookie, the IP address. This information can also be used for online preference marketing purposes. Users who want to prevent a third-party advertiser from setting and/or reading cookies on their computer may either visit each ad network's web site individually and opt out or visit the NAI gateway opt-out site to opt-out of all network advertising cookies. [Click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp) for the NAI gateway opt-out site. This site will also allow you to review the third-party advertising companies' privacy policies. 
> 
> Users should be aware that advertisements, whether text, graphic or animated, and whether appearing as banners, buttons or in pop-up windows, usually include a link to another page or website where more information is available about the particular product or service being advertised. This privacy policy only governs eUniverse Network sites and clicking on links in ads (or anywhere else for that matter) will often take a user to a site outside the Network, where information collection and use practices may differ from those employed by eUniverse. When linking to sites outside the Network, users should review the privacy policy applicable to that site. 

**Does eUniverse disclose user information to anyone?**

> Unless a user has elected not to receive third-party offers and promotions or to limit or prohibit disclosure of information about them, eUniverse may provide individual user information to its advertising and marketing partners, eUniverse-affiliated companies, or other third parties interested in marketing to Network users. Most eUniverse Network services and features are provided to users at no charge. Network sites rely upon revenues from advertising and marketing in order to deliver content and newsletters to their numerous users and subscribers. Network sites make an effort to provide users and subscribers with ads and offers that they may find of interest and of some value. Nevertheless, it is eUniverse's policy to allow users to make the choices about, and to control, the information the Network sites collect and the manner in which that information is used. For this reason, users always have the ability to update, change or delete information about them collected by Network sites, to unsubscribe from any mailing list at any time, to opt out of receiving third-party ads, promotions and offers, and to prevent disclosure of their information to third-parties for such purposes. 
> 
> Notwithstanding any of the above, Network user information is commonly disclosed by eUniverse to advertisers, marketers and others in aggregate statistical fashion and not in any way that would allow for personal identification of individual users. Also, if a user specifically requests a mailing or other opt-in feature, or signs up to receive information or services, to be provided by a third-party, the Network site will provide that information to the third-party per the request or opt-in. 
> 
> eUniverse reserves the right to, in connection with transfer of its assets to any affiliated eUniverse Company, provide user information and data to the affiliate subject to the terms of this policy. Similarly, eUniverse reserves the right to, in connection with a sale of its assets or business to a third party, sell the eUniverse customer database, or relevant portion thereof, so that a third-party may be able to continue to provide the services and features to which Network users have subscribed. 
> 
> Finally, eUniverse may release user information if required by law, to enforce any Network site's terms of service, or to protect the rights, property or safety of eUniverse, its registered users, or others. Please note that eUniverse's privacy policy does not cover the web sites or web pages that link to the eUniverse Network of sites and services. 

**How does eUniverse protect user information?**

> All transmissions of user information are through eUniverse's secure computer servers which, for e-commerce sites, also run authentication and data encryption software. Access to registered users' accounts on Network sites is password protected. 

**How do we handle individually identifiable information collected from children under the age of 13 years old?**

> In general, the eUniverse Network is comprised of general interest/audience sites and is not directed at children under the age of 13. It is eUniverse's policy for Network sites to refrain from knowingly collecting personally identifying information from children 12 or under and to actively discourage children from providing such information at points of collection. 
> 
> To the extent any Network sites are or become directed at children 12 or under and knowingly collect personally identifying information from those children (such as full name, home address, email address, telephone number or any other information that would allow someone to identify or contact the child) it is eUniverse's policy for such sites to include parental notice and/or consent features consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act. In short, and depending on the nature and intended use of the information at issue, sites collecting personally identifying information from children will provide parental notice or obtain verifiable parental consent as follows: in the case of notice, the Network site sends an email to the parents or legal guardian of the child that informs them i) what information was collected, ii) what contact has been, and/or will be, made, and iii) that the parent may require deletion of such information and cessation of any contact; OR, in the case of consent, the Network site informs parents or a legal guardian i) that the site wishes to collect personal information from the child, ii) that a parent's or legal guardian's verifiable consent is required for the collection, use and disclosure of the information, and iii) how the parent can provide consent. 
> 
> A parent or legal guardian has the option to agree to the collection and use of the child's information without consenting to the disclosure of the information to third parties. Network sites send a new notice and request for consent to parents and legal guardians if there are material changes in the collection, use or disclosure practices to which the parent or legal guardian had previously agreed. 
> 
> Network sites do not send a notice to parents or legal guardians prior to collection of a child's email address for the following activities: 
> 
> * Contest entries; 
> * One-time online newsletter requests (parents are notified prior to future deliveries of the newsletter and given an opportunity to consent); 
> * Electronic postcard or other e-greeting deliveries; 
> * Providing notice and seeking consent to collect a child's or parent's email address; or 
> * Responding to a one-time request from a child and then deleting the email address. 
> 
> At any time, a parent or legal guardian may revoke his/her consent or refuse to allow a Network site further use of his/her child's personal information and request that eUniverse delete the information. Effecting such a request can be accomplished using the contact information provided on the relevant Network site. Please note that a site may terminate any service provided to the child if the deleted information at issue is reasonably necessary for the child's participation in that activity. 

**How may I get more information about eUniverse's privacy policy?**

> If you would like any additional information about eUniverse's privacy policy or have any questions or comments, please email us at [privacy@eUniverse.com](mailto:privacy@eUniverse.com). 

| 
