> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the thoughtcatalog.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110609182313id_/http%3A//thoughtcatalog.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy « Thought Catalog

This is the privacy policy of The Thought & Expression Company LLC applicable to [www.thoughtcatalog.com](http://www.thoughtcatalog.com/ "www.thoughtcatalog.com").

**Information we Collect.** When you visit our site, send us an email, or otherwise contact us, we may collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us.  Personal information is information through which you can be identified such as your name, email address, and telephone number.  We may also collect non-personal information, which is information about you or your activities though which you cannot be personally identified.  Examples of non-personal information include the type of browser and operating system you are using, the domain name of your Internet service provider, the pages you visit at our site, how long you visit each page, the unique number assigned to your server or Internet connection, etc.

**Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies. **When you visit our site, we may use “cookies” and similar technologies to help us recognize and serve you better.  Cookies are small files that contain information sent by a web site that is saved on your computer’s hard drive.  There are different types of cookies including browser cookies and flash cookies.  You may delete browser cookies from your computer or set your browser to reject browser cookies.  However, doing so may limit some functionalities of our site.  Blocking or deleting browser cookies may not block or delete other types of cookies including flash cookies.

**Information Collected by Advertising Companies. **We use third-party companies that serve advertisements and collect non-personal information at our site ( _e.g_., pages you visit, links you click, which ads you see and click, categories of search terms entered, etc.).  These companies may use non-personal information collected at our site and other sites for a variety of purposes including providing advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.  This type of ad customization is sometimes called online “behavioral advertising”. These companies often use cookies, web beacons, or other technologies to collect non-personal information.  For more details about cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies that may be used at our site, click [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/faqs.asp "here").  If you would like more information about your choices concerning behavioral advertising, including how you may opt-out of some uses of information collected by members of the Network Advertising Initiative that may serve ads at our site, click [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp "here").

**Use of Information we Collect. ** We may use your personal information for our own marketing and non-marketing purposes.  For example, we may use personal information to respond to your email or telephone inquiries or to advise you of upcoming articles, features, or events.  We may share your personal information with our affiliates or with unrelated third parties, including contractors who provide services to us.  For example, we may provide your personal information to third parties that assist with the operation, administration, or maintenance of our site.  We may also disclose your personal information to third parties if we believe that our site is being used to commit unlawful acts; if disclosure is required to comply with applicable laws or regulations; or if disclosure is necessary to enforce our terms of use, to protect your safety or security, or the safety and security of our site or third parties.  We may use non-personal information for a variety of purposes including statistical or demographic analysis and improvements in the design and content of our site.  We may also merge your personal information with non-personal information and with other publicly available information to help us identify your preferences or interests.

**Links to Other Sites.** Our site contains links to other web sites.  We are not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices of other web sites.  Thus, you should review the privacy policies of other sites before you visit those sites or provide any personal information to those sites.

**Comments. **You can post your own comments and other personal and non-personal information at our site (“Comments”) through our comments platform, which is run by Disqus.   Comments posted at our site are subject to our privacy policy and the privacy policy of Disqus at <http://docs.disqus.com/help/30/>.  Because our site receives significant traffic and is accessible to anyone on the Internet, you should not post any Comments that are private or that you do not want to be used and viewed by others.   You are solely responsible for any legal or other repercussions that occur as a result of Comments you post at our site.  We assume no responsibility or liability which may arise from your Comments.

**Persons Under 18. **We do not knowingly collect or allow the collection of personal information from persons under 18.  If you are the parent or guardian of a person under 18 and believe that the person has provided personal information to us, please contact us at info@thoughtcatalog.com.

**Business Transactions. **We may share or transfer your personal and non-personal information if The Thought & Expression Company LLC enters into a business transaction such as a merger, acquisition, reorganization, or sale of or some or all of its assets.

**Visitors Outside the United States. **This site is maintained on servers located in the United States, which may not offer a level of privacy protection as great as that offered in other jurisdictions.  We make no representation that the practices described in this privacy policy are compliant with laws outside of the United States. ****

**Contacting Us.** If you have questions about this policy or do not want us to use your personal information for marketing purposes, please contact us by email at info@thoughtcatalog.com.

**Revisions to this Policy.** We may revise this policy at any time.  Please visit this site and review this policy periodically for changes.

Effective:  May 18, 2011 
