> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 5paisa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080615163358id_/http%3A//www.5paisa.com/priv.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 5paisa.com - Net Trading portal for NSE & BSE

This privacy statement is applicable to www.5paisa.com. 5paisa.com does not collect personal information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis. For example, such personal information may be gathered for contest registration, the registration process for subscription sites or services and in connection with content submissions, community postings (e.g., message boards), suggestions, and voting/polling activities. Personal information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. At such points of collection, the user will have the opportunity to indicate whether he or she would like to "opt out" of receiving promotional and/or marketing information about other products, services and offerings from 5paisa.com and/or any third parties. 

5paisa.com reserves the right to perform statistical analyses of user behavior and characteristics in order to measure interest in and use of the various areas of the site and to inform advertisers of such information as well as the number of users that have been exposed to or clicked on their advertising banners. 5paisa.com will provide only aggregated data from these analyses to third parties. Also, users should be aware that 5paisa.com may sometimes permit third parties to offer subscription and/or registration-based services through its site.

5paisa.com is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties and users should check the applicable privacy policy of such party when providing personally identifiable information.

Users are also being aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of 5paisa.com's internet servers or through the use of "cookies." "Cookies" are small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements and targeted advertising. Cookies are not programs that come onto a user's system and damage files. Generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. Users are also being made aware that 5paisa.com cannot control the use of cookies or the resulting information by advertisers or third parties hosting data for 5paisa.com. If a user does not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available from 5paisa.com. 

5paisa.com reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. This statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party. 
