> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ipyxel.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151231220358id_/http%3A//ipyxel.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | iPyxel Creations

_Effective Date: **January 15, 2012**_

Our most important asset is our relationship with you. We would never jeopardize our trust with you under any circumstances.

FF & Company LLC and iPyxel Creations,  (“iPyxel,” “we,” “us”) is committed to maintaining the confidentiality, integrity and security of any personal information about our users and provides this Privacy Policy to inform users of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information received from (i) users of this website located at [thrivetracker.com](http://thrivetracker.com/), [pofpro.com](http://pofpro.com/), [adultadspro.com](http://adultadspro.com/), and [ipyxel.com](http://ipyxel.com/) (“Site”), (ii) users of our online advertising management software platforms and all other software applications available on the Site (collectively, “Subscription Services”, “Services”), and (iii) visitors to websites of our customers on which we place Tags (defined below) (collectively, “Customer Sites”). Please note that this Privacy Policy applies to the information that we collect through (i) this Site, (ii) Subscription Services, and (iii) Customer Sites. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.

By using our Site, the Subscription Services and Customer Sites, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. “Processing” means using cookies or Tags (defined below) on a computer or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the U.S. your personally identifiable information will be transferred to the U.S., and processed and stored there under U.S. privacy standards. By visiting our Site or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the U.S. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personally identifiable information, please contact us at contact[at]ipyxel.com.

### **YOUR PRIVACY AND INFORMATION ARE NEVER FOR SALE**

Our primary goals in collecting personally identifiable information are to provide you with the products and services made available through the Site, including, but not limited, to the Subscription Services, to communicate with you, and to manage your registered user account, if you have one.

Simply put, we do not and will not sell or rent your personal information to anyone, for any reason, at any time. We are **especially** sensitive to login credentials to external sites that you may provide on our software platforms as a requirement to fully utilize the software capabilities. These private user information will only be used to internally troubleshoot problems, detecting and protecting against errors, preventing fraudulent and criminal activity, to analyze and improve our services to you, to enforce our Terms of Use, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy.

If you desire to have access to certain restricted sections of the Site, you may be required to become a registered user, and to submit certain personally identifiable information to iPyxel. This may happen in a number of instances, such as when you sign up for a free trial of the Subscription Services or you download materials from the Site, if you desire to receive our newsletter or other marketing materials and information, or if you wish to enter into a contests, sweepstakes or promotions (collectively, “Promotions”) we provide via the Site. Personally identifiable information that we may collect in such instances may include your user name, password, company title (if applicable), email address, physical address and telephone number. If you decide to become a paying customer for the Subscription Services, we may collect additional information from you, such as your credit card number or other billing information. If you contact us by email through the Site, we may keep a record of your contact information and correspondence, and may use your email address, and any information that you provide to us in your message, including any information you may provide about your advertising spending, to respond to you. In addition, we may use your contact information to market to you, and provide you with information about, our products and services, including but not limited to our Subscription Services. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such information or communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or contact us at contact[at]ipyxel.com.

When you visit the Site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a web site (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your internet protocol (“IP”) address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the web-pages you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider the IP address will be different every time you log on. Except in the instances described herein, we do not use this information to identify you personally. We use it to monitor the use of the Site and of any services or Promotions we provide via the Site including our Subscription Services, and for the Site’s technical administration. But the same pieces of information are considered non-identifying information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences). For users of the Subscription Services only, we may combine your personally identifiable information with non-identifying information and aggregate it with information collected from Site users to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the services and Promotions we provide via the Site and to analyze and understand how our Site, services and Promotions are used.

### **COOKIES**

Like many web sites, we also use “cookie” technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve the Site and any services or Promotions we provide via the Site including our Subscription Services. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer’s hard disk. We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information. iPyxel may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the Site and with and any services or Promotions we provide via the Site including our Subscription Services, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Site, and to improve usability and performance of the Site. A session cookie enables certain features of the Site and our service and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Site. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the web sites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site.

### **TAGS**

We also use “”web beacons,” “pixel tags,” “clear GIFs” or similar means (individually or collectively “Tags”) on our Site and on Customer Sites. A Tag is an electronic image, often a single pixel, embedded on web pages. Tags are ordinarily not visible to users. Tags allow us to count the number of users who have visited certain pages of the Site or Customer Sites, to deliver branded services and to generate statistics about how our Site and Customer Sites are used.

We use the services of third party companies to help us carry out and measure the effectiveness of our own and Customer advertising campaigns. For example, these third party companies may ensure that you are shown ads at appropriate frequencies, so that you do not see the same ad repeatedly. As part of these services, one or more Tags may be placed on the Site and on Customer Sites. These Tags do not enable third parties to collect your name, e-mail address, phone number or other similar information that directly identifies you. Rather, when you visit the Site or Customer Sites, these Tags will direct your web browser to contact these third party companies, at which time they may set or read a cookie on your device and collect information about your visit – such as your IP address, cookie ID, which parts of the websites are viewed or clicked, and date/time information.

Currently, we use our own Tags on the Site and on Customer Sites to enable collection of information about visitors to our Site and such Customer Sites.

We use information collected from Tags to gather non-personally identifiable information, including, but not limited to, your computer’s IP address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site or the applicable Customer Site, pages of our Site or the applicable Customer Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site or on the applicable Customer Site, access times and dates, and other statistics.

### **INFORMATION SHARING AND DISCLOSURE**

**General.  **Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, iPyxel will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties. If you decide to use the Subscription Services either on a trial basis or otherwise, we may use and share the information that you will provide to us with third parties, including with companies providing paid search advertising services to you, pursuant to the Subscription Services Terms of Use. If you decide to enter into one of our Promotions, we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties who work with us to sponsor and promote such Promotions.

**Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information.** We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information.

**Service Providers.  **We may engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including, without limitation, hosting and maintenance, customer relationship, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns. We will share your personally identifiable information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services, and only pursuant to binding contractual obligations requiring such third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your data.

**Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement.  **iPyxel cooperates with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of iPyxel or a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.

**Business Transfers.**  If any or all of the assets of iPyxel are acquired by, or merged with another entity, we may share some or all of your information with this entity.

### **CHANGING OR DELETING INFORMATION**

If you are a registered user of the Site, you may update or correct the information you provided to us by requesting us to make such changes at contact[at]ipyxel.com.

### **YOU CAN TRANSPORT OR DELETE YOUR DATA AT ANY TIME**

Your data is yours. You can remove it anytime you want. When you request us to delete your account for the Service, your data will be permanently expunged from our primary production servers and further access to your account will not be possible. We will also promptly disconnect any connection we had established to your Account Information and delete all account credentials. However, portions of your data, consisting of aggregate data derived from your Account Information, may remain on our production servers indefinitely. Your data may also remain on a backup server or media. We keep these backups to ensure our continued ability to provide the Service to you in the event of malfunction or damage to our primary production servers. We also reserve the right to use any aggregated or anonymous data derived from or incorporating your personal information. Such information and use will never be personally identifiable to you, and we will never access your data stored externally from our site.

### **SECURITY**

iPyxel is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information. We employ advanced administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access.

We will disclose any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored personal data to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.

### **YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR MAINTAINING CONFIDENTIALITY OF PASSWORD**

We maintain strict rules to help prevent others from guessing your password. We also recommend that you change your password periodically. You are responsible for maintaining the security of your Login Email and Password. You may not provide these credentials to any third party. If you believe that they have been stolen or been made known to others, you must contact us immediately at contact[at]ipyxel.com, but in any event you should change your password immediately via the Service. We are not responsible if someone else accesses your account through Registration Information they have obtained from you or through a violation by you of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use.

If you have a security related concern, please contact us at contact[at]ipyxel.com. We will work closely with you to ensure a rapid and personal response to your concerns.

### **INTERNATIONAL TRANSFER**

Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Entity transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

### **LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES**

From time-to-time, our Site may contain links to other web sites. The fact that we link to a web site is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party. We do not exercise control over third party web sites. These other web sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. This Privacy Policy addresses the use and disclosure of information that we collect from you through the Site. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other web sites you visit.

### **OUR POLICY TOWARDS CHILDREN**

The Site is not directed to persons under 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent, he or she should contact us at contact[at]ipyxel.com. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personally identifiable information, we will remove such information from our files.

### **CONTACT US WITH ANY QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS**

If you have questions, comments, concerns or feedback regarding this Privacy and Security Policy or any other privacy or security concern, send an e-mail to contact[at]ipyxel.com.
