> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the utah.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181220000358id_/https%3A//utah.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Utah.com

Last revised May 24, 2018

The following Privacy Policy (the "Policy") describes how Deseret Digital Media (“Operator”), which owns and operates the website Utah.com collects, uses, and shares personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information through the website Utah.com and mobile applications it operates (collectively, the "Products") and the services, features, or content we offer (collectively with the Products, the "Services"). This Policy supplements the Terms of Use posted elsewhere within the Products. You should read the Policy and the Terms of Use before you use the Products. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not use the Services.

**Changes to this Policy**. We may change the Policy at any time by posting revisions to the Policy on the Products. Therefore, you should review the Policy from time to time. If you do not accept all of the terms, conditions and notices set forth in the Policy, you must exit the Products immediately. We will post a notice for 30 days at the top of this page notifying users when this Policy has been updated or modified in a material way.

**Collection of Information from Children**. The Products are not directed to, or intended for use by, children (defined as anyone under thirteen (13) years old). Children should not use or submit any information through the Products or its Services. If you are under the age of 13, you only may use the Services with permission from your parents or guardians. Deseret Digital Media does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from users under the age of 13. If a child under 13 submits information through any part of the Services, and we become aware that the person submitting the information is a child, we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible.

**Type of Information Collected**. We may collect two general types of information when you use the Products:

Personally Identifiable Information ("PII"), which includes your first and last name, home or other physical address, telephone number, email address, user id, other identifiers that permit physical or online contact with you, or any information about you collected online and maintained in personally identifiable form in combination with any of the preceding categories. You also may view or engage with our Products and its Services through third-party social networking Products or social media plug-ins and applications. When you engage with the Products and its content through such third-party Products, plug-ins or applications, we may have access to certain information from your social media profile, such as your name, photo, gender, birthday, location, videos, your list of friends, etc. This information is included in the definition of PII.

Non-personally identifiable information ("non-PII") such as, the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, the web pages you have visited sites visited before and after you visit the Products, the type of handheld or mobile device used to access the Products or other device-specific information.

Certain features available within the Products will require you to submit PII about yourself as a condition of participation. Some of the features may be offered by us, while others may be offered by third parties. (For example, you may be required to submit PII in order to enter a contest we conduct, to order certain products and services we offer, or to receive news updates by email from a third-party news source.) When you choose to submit PII to a third party in connection with your use of the Products, the third party's privacy policy, rather than this Policy, will control the use of your PII. YOU CAN ALWAYS REFUSE TO PROVIDE PII TO US, BUT THIS MAY RESULT IN DECREASED FUNCTIONALITY OF THE PRODUCTS FOR YOU AND LIMIT YOUR ABILITY TO RECEIVE INFORMATION ABOUT PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THAT MAY BE OF PARTICULAR INTEREST TO YOU.

**How Information is Collected**. We collect information both actively and passively. For example, we will collect information about you that you voluntarily provide while on the Products. In addition to information provided directly by you, we (and third parties that offer features through the Products) may collect non-PII through the use of "cookies," "web beacons," "Flash cookies" or by other electronic means.

_Cookies_. In general, a cookie is a small amount of data sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive, where it can be used to identify your computer. Cookies can be used to measure web Products usage, improve navigation around web Products, and personalize a returning visitor's experience on the web Products. In most cases, you can set your browser to turn off cookies or to notify you before you receive one so that you can decide whether to accept it or not. Because cookies allow you to take advantage of some of the features on the Products, we recommend that you leave them turned on. If you block or reject our cookies, some of the features on the Products may not work for you. You can refer to the instructions for your browser to learn more about these functions.

_Web Beacons_. We, our third-party service providers, advertisers and partners also may use "web beacons" or similar technologies. Web beacons are small strings of code placed on a web page to collect data about how visitors use the Products. For example, web beacons may be used to count the number of users who visit the Products or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor to the Products. If you set your browser to turn off cookies, web beacons and similar technologies will detect your visits to the Products, but they will not associate your activity on the Products with information that otherwise would be stored in cookies. We do not control tracking technologies used by third parties on the Products.

_Flash Cookies_. The Products uses locally stored objects, also called "Flash cookies," when it uses Adobe Flash Player ("Flash") to provide special content such as video streaming, video on demand, video clips or animation. Flash, and similar applications, use Flash cookies to remember visitors' Products settings, preferences and usages. Flash cookies are managed directly through Adobe's websites, rather than through your web browser.

**Third-Party Advertising and Third-Party Web Products**. These Products allows advertising by third parties that provide links to third-party web Products. Internet advertising companies and the third-party websites on whose behalf they advertise (collectively "Third Parties") may use the technology described above to send (or "serve") directly to your browser the advertisements that appear on our Products. When this happens, Third Parties automatically receive non-PII, such as information from your computer and browser, including your cookie information. They also may use cookies, Javascript, Pixel Tags and other technologies to deliver advertisements; collect information about the effectiveness of their advertisements; collect anonymous information about your visits to the Products, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad; or customize the advertising content you see. Third Parties will not collect your name, address, or other PII, unless you affirmatively provide it to them. We let Third Parties set and access their cookies on your computer. Third Parties' use of their own cookies is subject to their own privacy policies. For more information about these specialized cookies and other technologies, and to learn more about behavioral advertising or to opt out of this type of advertising for some companies, you can visit [](http://www.networkadvertising.org/)[http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/) or [](http://networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp)<http://networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp>. When using a mobile application, you may receive tailored in-application advertisements. Each operating system provides its own instructions on how to prevent the delivery of tailored in-application advertisements. You may review the instructions and/or the privacy settings for your operating system to find out how to opt out of tailored in-application advertisements.

**Third Party Links.** Please note that this Products contains links to other web Products that do not follow this Policy. For instance, clicking on an advertisement, links or other elements on the Products may take you to an entirely different Products. Links to other Products may use our Products logo or style as a result of a co-branding agreement. These Products may send their own cookies to you and may collect data and make use of that data in ways that this Products would not. After you leave our Products, this Policy will no longer apply to PII or any other data collected from or provided by you. You should check the other web Products’ applicable privacy policy to determine how it will handle such data.

**How Information is Used and Shared.** We use your PII for the purpose of conducting our business and pursuing our legitimate interests. For example, we use your PII to:

Create and manage your account;  
Provide the products and services you request;  
Enroll you in contests, programs or other offers you request;  
Tell you about other products and services that may be of interest to you (you can opt out of receiving such communications by following the instructions provided in the communication);  
Process payment for purchases you have made;  
Protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions;  
Analyze the use of our Products;  
Develop new products and services;  
Understand how you arrived at the Products;  
Manage the Products and Services;  
Enforce our Terms of Use; and  
Enforce the terms of this Policy.

In the event that Deseret Digital Media is considering a sale of its business, in its entirety or a component thereof, or substantially all of its assets are acquired, or a portion thereof, PII and non-PII, may be one of the transferred assets, and may therefore be used by a third-party acquirer in accordance with this Policy. Such use by a third party may include review of PII, using such PII to contact you either before or after such a transfer or sale, use or transfer of non-PII before or after such a transfer or sale, or for other purposes.

WE MAY DISCLOSE PII ABOUT YOU TO A THIRD PARTY FOR COMPENSATION.

In addition, we may share your information as described below:

_Information You Elect to Share:_ You may choose to share information with Third Parties by clicking on links to those Third Parties from within the Products. In addition, you may elect to share information, including PII, through the Services offered on the Products by, for instance, posting comments on comment boards. Some of your activity on the Products, including content you have posted, is public by default. Some of this content may include PII.

_Third-Party Advertisers and Web Products:_ We may share your non-PII with, or make your non-PII available to, Third Parties as described in the section above titled Third-Party Advertising and Third-Party Web Products.

_Information Disclosed to Vendors, Partners, Service Providers, and Others for Business Purposes:_ We contract with vendors to provide services related to the Products and may share PII with such vendors in order to provide products or services to you or to help maintain the Products. We also may share non-PII with our partners, service providers and other persons with whom we conduct business. We will only share your PII in accordance with applicable law. 

_Information Disclosed for the Protection of the Products and for Others._ We may disclose PII when (1) required by law or to respond to legal process or lawful requests, including from law enforcement; (2) when we believe it is necessary to prevent, investigate, or address (a) possible illegal activities, including fraud, (b) violation of our Terms of Use, (c) violation of this Policy, or (d) threats to the physical safety of any person; or (4) to protect our rights or property.

**Forums.** The Products may include forums (such as message boards, chat rooms, comment boards, and reviews) that enable users to post a comment or communicate with each other. We are under no obligation to moderate or edit the forums and will not be responsible for the content or use of any material posted on any forum within the Products. We retain the right to delete at any time and for any reason any material posted within the Products.

**Information Security.** We take information security seriously, and we use reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect the PII we collect from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. But we have no control over the security of other websites on the Internet that you might visit. If you share your computer or use a computer that is accessed by the general public, remember to sign off and close your browser window when you have finished your session. This will help to ensure that others cannot access your PII.

Additionally, and as you are likely aware, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, although we take commercially reasonable steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your PII, searches or other communications always will remain secure. In the event of a breach of the confidentiality or security of your PII, we will notify you if reasonably possible and as reasonably necessary so that you can take appropriate protective steps. We may notify you under such circumstances using the e-mail address(es) we have on record for you. You should also take care with how you handle and disclose your PII. Please refer to the Federal Trade Commission's Web Products at [](http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/)<http://www.consumer.ftc.gov/> for information about how to protect against identity theft.

**Your Rights.** Under the law of some countries, you may have certain rights with respect to your PII. These rights include the right to: (i) request access to and rectification or erasure of your PII; (ii) obtain restriction of processing or object to processing of your PII; and (iii) ask for a copy of your PII to be provided to you or a third party in a machine readable format. If you wish to exercise one of the above-mentioned rights, please send us your request to the contact details set out below. If you have unresolved concerns, you may also have the right to lodge a complaint about the processing of your PII with your local data protection authority in the European Union or elsewhere.

_California Privacy Rights._ Under California law, California residents may request once a year, free of charge, certain information regarding our disclosure of PII to third parties for direct marketing purposes. Specifically, we will provide a list of the categories of PII disclosed to third parties for third-party direct marketing purposes, along with the names and addresses of these third parties. To make such a request, please email us at [info@utah.com](mailto:info@utah.com) or write to us at: Legal Department, Deseret Digital Media, Inc., 55 North 300 West, Salt Lake City, Utah 84145. We reserve our right not to respond to requests submitted other than to the email or postal address specified above. You should put "California Privacy Rights" in the subject line and in your request. You must provide us with the specific information regarding yourself so that we can accurately respond to your request.

_California Do Not Track Disclosure._ Certain web browsers may allow you to enable a "do not track" option that sends signals to the websites you visit indicating that you do not want your online activities tracked. This is different than blocking cookies as browsers with the "do not track" option selected may still accept cookies. Deseret Digital Media does not respond to "do not track" signals. If we do so in the future, we will modify this Policy accordingly. More information about "do not track" is available at www.allaboutdnt.org.  
We do not authorize the collection of your PII for third party use through advertising technologies without you providing consent directly to such third parties.

Users From Outside the United States. This Products is hosted in the United States and is governed by U.S. law. If you are using the Products from outside the United States, please be aware that Deseret Digital Media is located in the United States and your PII will be stored and processed in the United States where we locate and operate our servers and databases. The data protection laws in the United States may not be as strict or comprehensive as those in your country. However, we value your privacy and always strive to treat it in accordance with applicable law. By voluntarily sharing your PII with us, you understand that your PII will be stored and processed in the United States.

**Retention.** We retain your PII for as long as you remain a customer and thereafter only for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Policy, unless a longer retention period is required or allowed by law, including to fulfill a legal obligation. 

**Contact Information.** Questions concerning the Policy or the Products, including any request to review or change your PII, should be directed to [privacy@utah.com](mailto:privacy@utah.com). You may also contact us by mail using the following address:  
Attn: Legal Department  
Deseret Digital Media  
55 North 300 West  
Salt Lake City, Utah 84180
