> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sortd.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-07-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180726215348id_/https%3A//www.sortd.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy(2017-06-15)

Last Revised: 15 June, 2017  
Effective Date: 15 June, 2017

Our Privacy Policy (“Policy“) explains how personal information is collected, used and disclosed by Sortd (“Sortd“, “we” or “us“) with respect to your access and use of the Sortd website at www.sortd.com or any other Sortd tool, application or service, including those accessible through websites maintained, in whole or in part, by Sortd, or through mobile devices, applications or software (collectively, the “Service“) so you can make an informed decision about using the Service. We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time. We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on this Policy the date it was last updated and notifying you via the Service. Your privacy is important to us, so we encourage you to review this Policy from time-to-time to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide to us or is collected about you will be used.

We’re constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert  you that changes have been made by indicating on this Policy the date it was last updated and notifying you via the Service, email or some other means. Please note that if you’ve opted not to receive  emails from us, any changes to this policy that you would otherwise have been notified of through email will still govern your use of the Services, and you are still responsible for reading and understanding them. If you use the Services after any changes to the Privacy Policy have been posted, that means you agree to all of the changes.

### What Information does this Policy Cover?

This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) that we gather when you are accessing or using our Services, but not to the practices of companies we don’t own or control, or people that we don’t manage. As used in this Policy, the term “Personal Information” means information that specifically identifies an individual (such a name, user name or e-mail address), or information about that individual that is directly linked to personally identifiable information. Personal information does not include anonymous information, nor does it include “aggregate” information, which is data we collect about the use of the Service or about a group or category of services or users, from which individual identities or other personal information has been removed. This Policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of anonymous or aggregate information.  


### What Information Do We Collect?

#### Information You Provide to Us

We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. 

For example, through our service (including our login via the Gmail OAuth function) we may collect Personal Information such as your name and email address. If you provide your Gmail account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the Services through a third party site or service, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts (“Third Party Account Information”) may be transmitted into your account with us, and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Services is covered by this Privacy Policy; for example, Sortd may securely access or store your name, your Gmail email address, your Gmail emails and other conversations, and your Gmail contact list (including any public images attached to contacts in the list). Certain information may be required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features. We may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. For example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers, or email you about your use of the Services. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. This confirmation helps us make our communications with you more interesting and improve our services. If you do not want to receive communications from us, please indicate your preference by sending an email to privacy@sortd.com or use the unsubscribe links provided.

In order to provide the Service, Sortd needs access to your email, but does not currently store your email outside of Google Gmail. Only certain email properties such as the Id, Sender, Subject and Date are stored in Sortd and then only when you utilise certain features of the Service. 

#### Information Collected Automatically

When you use the Service, some information is also automatically collected, such as your Internet Protocol (IP) address, your operating system, the browser type, mobile phone type, the address of a referring website, and your activity on the Service. We may also automatically collect certain logistical information in server logs, including information about how you use various features of the Service and information about the number, frequency and length of each session. We may also automatically collect certain information through the use of “Cookies.” “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device (small data files stored on your hard drive) that allow us to recognise your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our Services are visited. Among other things, cookies help us improve the Service and your experience. If we link cookies to any personally identifying information, we will treat this information as personal information. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some or all of our features made available via the Service. We may use Web beacons or similar technology on the Service. Web beacons are small, invisible graphic images that may be used on the Service or in emails relating to the Service to collect certain information and monitor user activity on the Service, such as to count visits, understand usage effectiveness and to tell if an email has been opened and acted upon. We may store and process personal information in the United States and other countries.  


#### Information Collected Via Other Services and Do Not Track Policy

Your browser or device may offer you a “Do Not Track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioural advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites. Our Services do not support Do Not Track requests at this time, which means that we may collect information about your online activity both while you are using the Services and after you leave our Services. Do Not Track signals are set on a browser-by-browser basis, so you must set them on every browser you use if you do not wish to be tracked. This is just our Do Not Track policy, and we can’t and don’t make any promises about how third parties react when you set this signal on your browser.

We may use third party analytics and payment processor services. Currently, we use the analytics services of Google and Mixpanel, and the payment processing services of Stripe. Google and Mixpanel’s analytics services allow us to learn how you use our services by giving us the ability to collect information based on your interaction with our services. 

Mixpanel does this in part using a first party cookie placed on your device from Sortd’s server. Some information is automatically collected from or about you when you use our Services. The Mixpanel analytics services may also by default collect the following from your usage of our Services: the time of an event, how you came to Sortd’s site, what search engine and search keywords you may have used to get to our site, information about the device you are on such as your operating system, and browser, as well as your city/country location, tokens and IDs for push notifications. In addition, Mixpanel may collect on our behalf data such as your age, IP addresses, user names, real names, email addresses and other custom properties. The emails we send to you through Mixpanel’s services may contain web beacons to track on our behalf when you open and act upon such emails. You can opt-out of Mixpanel’s automatic retention of data collected through your browser while on web properties or web sites that have Mixpanel’s services integrated by [clicking here](https://mixpanel.com/optout/) To track opt-outs Mixpanel uses a persistent opt-out cookie placed on your devices. If you get a new computer, install a new browser, erase or otherwise alter your browser’s cookie file (including upgrading certain browsers) you may also clear the Mixpanel opt-out cookie, and you will need to revisit the opt-out page. Note that Mixpanel’s opt-out cookies will not stop us from sending other data about you from our servers to Mixpanel, nor will it prevent any other data collection methods. For more information on Mixpanel’s privacy practices, please refer to their privacy policy located at <https://mixpanel.com/privacy/>.

Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit this site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to using Sortd. Google Analytics is used by Sortd for aggregate data to understand trends and usage patterns so as to improve the Sortd services. Google’s analytics service does not collect personally identifiable information on our behalf. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit Sortd, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to Sortd is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use  and the Google Privacy Policy. Information pertaining to privacy through the use of Google Analytics can be found at <http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/>. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognising you on return visits to Sortd by disabling Google Analytics through their opt out tool found [here](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/). Google Analytics employs cookies to define user sessions, which allows for the collection of data about how visitors are using the websites. Google Analytics uses only first-party cookies for data analysis.  This means that the cookies are linked to a specific website domain, and Google Analytics will only use that cookie data for statistical analysis related to your browsing behavior on that specific website (i.e. Sortd).  According to Google, the data collected cannot be altered or retrieved by services from other domains.

We use a third party payment processor, Stripe, to process payments made to us. In connection with the processing of such payments, we do not retain any personally identifiable information or any financial information such as credit card numbers. Rather, all such information is provided directly to Stripe, whose use of your personal information is governed by their privacy policy, which may be viewed at <https://stripe.com/us/privacy>.

#### Links to Other Websites

The Service may contain links to other websites. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party’s privacy policy. This Policy does not apply to such linked websites, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of these websites or any other websites that are linked to/from the Service. We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information.

### Does Sortd Share Any of the Personal Information it Receives?

We will not knowingly share the personal information we collect from you through the Service with third parties, except as described in this Policy or on the Service. For example, we may share personal information as follows:

  * when you give us your consent to do so, including if we notify you on the Service that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information;
  * in an aggregated or anonymised form that does not directly identify you;
  * when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorised or required to do so, or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or legal processes, or respond to lawful requests or legal authorities, including responding to lawful subpoenas, warrants, or court orders;
  * when we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorised or required to do so, or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Sortd, our users, our employees, copyright owners, third parties or the public including without limitation to protect Sortd or our users from fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate, or unlawful use of the Service;
  * to enforce or apply this Policy, the Terms, or our other policies or agreements; and
  * in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition, or in any other situation where personal information may be disclosed or transferred as one of the business assets of Sortd.



 _You understand that when you use the Service, provide information via the Service, allow us to access information for the Service, as well as share any information with individuals through the Service, that information may be available to other users and in some cases may be publicly available._

We are not responsible for the actions of Service Providers or other third parties, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to any other users or third parties, and we encourage you to become familiar with third party privacy practices before disclosing information directly to any such third parties. Nothing herein restricts the sharing of aggregated or anonymised information, which may be shared with third parties without your consent.

### What Steps Are Taken To Protect Your Data?

The security and privacy of your information is important to us, and we take reasonable measures to protect your personal information in an effort to prevent loss, misuse, and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can guarantee against any interception or any other type of misuse. To assist with the protection of personal information, you must keep your password and/or login information confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of the Service by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused.

Data security is a high priority for Sortd.   
Sortd is hosted in the U.S. on Amazon Web Services (AWS), which has a robust security policy. AWS security and compliance policies can be viewed [here](http://aws.amazon.com/security) and [here](http://aws.amazon.com/compliance/) respectively.  
For Google authentication, we use Google OAuth2 authentication, so Sortd never sees or access’ your Google login credentials.  
All data moving between your device or browser and our servers is 128bit TLS (SSL) encrypted.  
All servers are firewalled to permit the minimum traffic necessary to run the service, and access to those servers is limited to Sortd employees with a legitimate business need.

### What Choices Do You Have Pertaining to the Use of Your Information?

You may, of course, decline to submit personally identifiable information through the Service, in which case Sortd may not be able to provide certain services to you. You may update or correct your account information at any time by logging in to your account or contacting us at privacy@sortd.com.

If you choose to publicly share information while using the Service, you acknowledge that this information may be accessed, duplicated, reproduced, stored or used by any third party that has access to the public location where you posted your information. You are further acknowledging that Sortd is not responsible for any third party use of your information.

### International Data Transfer and non-US Residents

We may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that you are transferring information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal information, as described in this Privacy Policy.

### Children’s Privacy

We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at privacy@sortd.com.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacy@sortd.com.
