> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the postscanmail.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606215849id_/https%3A//www.postscanmail.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PostScan Mail Privacy Policy | PostScan Mail

PostScan Mail ("PSM""We","Us") values your online privacy. Please read the following policy ("Privacy Policy") to learn what information we collect from you ("You" or "User") when you access or use our website, www.postscanmail.com ("Site"), use the PSM Service ("Services") and how we use that information. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information. and how we use that information. By accessing or using our Site, you acknowledge and agree that you have read, understood, accept and agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, and you expressly consent to our collection, storage, use and disclosure of your information as set forth herein. The use of information collected through our Services shall be limited to the purpose of providing the Services for which our Customers have engaged PSM. 

We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. 

1. **Types of Information Collected.**  We collect two types of information from users of our Site: Personally Identifiable Information and Non-Personally Identifiable Information. 

   1. **Personally Identifiable Information.  **This is information that identifies you as a specific customer or user of the Site. In order to access certain parts of the Site, you will be required to register as a user. During the registration process you may be asked to provide us with Personally Identifiable Information such as your name, email address and password and your company information if applicable. For services such as online postal mail, we also request and store credit card or other payment account information, address and telephone information and physical copies of your identification papers. For services such as check processing and depositing, we will request and store information relating to your banking account and other sensitive information required to verify your identity, such as Social Security number, drivers license and/or Passport information. 

All information will be maintained in encrypted form on secure servers or in secure physical facilities, as appropriate. We may, in the future, include other optional requests for information from you, such as personal interests, feedback, preferences, and recommendations, to help us customize the Site or our services and deliver personalized information to you. We may also supplement the Personally Identifiable Information that you provide with information we obtain from third parties such as Google, Bng, and Optimizely; in that case, we will treat the information from third parties the same as information we collected ourselves, and, except as set forth in this Privacy Policy, we will not share that information with third parties. 

   2. **Non-Personally Identifiable Information.**  Sometimes referred to as "technical information," this is information about you that we collect by means of Internet technologies, such as "cookies" (small pieces of information transferred from our Site and stored on your computer when you visit our Site), in order to determine how users reached the Site to and track user usage patterns during their visits. We use the information collected from cookies to improve the function, content, appearance, and capability of the Site. In most instances, you can adjust your browser preferences to reject cookies, or to require you to accept each cookie; otherwise, most browsers are set by default to automatically accept cookies. Please be aware that some PSM features and services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. When you visit the publicly-accessible website, we collect the web page you came from, your browser's user agent string, any keywords you used in a search engine, your computer's IP address, the time and date, the name of the pages your computer visited, and how long it spent on each page. We may also track user traffic and pathways on the Site. This Non-Personally Identifiable Information may be combined with the Personally Identifiable Information you provide us for our own internal use. We may also log IP addresses for system administration purposes. This information is used to diagnose server problems, monitor traffic patterns, analyze trends, administer the Site, track user patterns, and identify the most popular areas of the Site. IP addresses are not linked to Personally Identifiable Information and are only used to gather broad demographic information for aggregate use, except in cases where fraud is suspected, or otherwise at the request of law enforcement agencies. We may also use technical methods in HTML emails sent to our users, in order to determine whether users have opened those emails and/or clicked on the links in those emails, or many an inquiry in response to an email. These technical methods may enable us to collect and use information in a form that is personally identifiable. We may also supplement this technical information with information we obtain from third parties such as Google, Bing, and Optimizely, in which case we will treat the third party information as though it were information we collected ourselves. That information will not be shared with third parties except as set forth in this Privacy Policy. 

We partner with a third party ad network to manage our advertising on other sites.  If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking [Here](http://preferences.truste.com/%20).  Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising.  You will continue to receive generic ads. 

The use of tracking technologies by our service providers, technology partners or other 3rd party assets (such as social media) on the site is not covered by our privacy policy.  These 3rd parties may use cookies, clear gifs, images, and scripts to help them better manage their content on our site.   We do not have access or control over these technologies.  We do not tie the information gathered to our Customers’ or Users’ personally identifiable information. 

2. **Uses of Information Collected.**  We use the information collected on the Site for a variety of purposes, including: providing the services and/or customer support you request, resolving disputes and troubleshooting problems, enforcing our agreements, doing research to protect and improve our services, and notifying you via email of surveys, new features, updates and promotional offers. We may also use certain data for administrative and analytical purposes such as Site management. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to offer you other services, promotions, surveys or other opportunities from PSM or affiliated companies. 

3. **Sharing of Information Collected.  **We may share the information that we collect from and about you in a variety of ways, as follows: 

   1. **Partners.**  We may share Non-Personally Identifiable Information (e.g., via cookies) with partners who choose to list their goods, services or promotions on the Site, or with whom we affiliate in order to provide you with certain services. The affiliated sites may have different privacy practices and we encourage you to read their privacy policies.   
   2. **Third Party Vendors.**  We employ third party vendors and service providers to assist us in developing, hosting and maintaining our Site and databases, advertising, sending and receiving email and other communications, and analyzing data. These third parties may have access to Personally Identifiable Information as reasonably necessary to perform these services, but they are not allowed to use that information except for the purposes of providing these services for us.   
   3. **Compliance with Law.**  In connection with legal process, such as a court order, subpoena, official investigation or otherwise as required by law, we may be required to disclose certain Personally Identifiable Information to third parties. We may also report to law enforcement authorities any conduct we believe to be illegal, and may release Personally Identifiable Information to law enforcement authorities if we suspect it is related to unlawful conduct, or if necessary to protect our rights or property or to protect the safety of our employees or others. We may also release Personally Identifiable Information as part of a dispute resolution process.   
   4. **Aggregated Data.**  We may provide anonymous statistical information to suppliers, advertisers, affiliates, and other current and potential business partners based on aggregated information drawn from Personally Identifiable Information provided by our users, in which case the information would no longer be Personally Identifiable. There are no restrictions under this Privacy Policy on PSM' ability to use such aggregated, non-personally identifying information, and PSM may use such information or share it with third parties in any manner we choose.   
   5. **Change of Control.**  If PSM is sold, merged, consolidated, reorganized, liquidated, or undergoes any other significant change of control, its accumulated customer information will be treated as a business asset. As with other business assets, this information will be subject to transfer to or acquisition by a third party. The acquiring party will then assume PSM' rights and obligations with respect to you Personally Identifiable Information, as set forth in this Privacy Policy.  If this occurs, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.  

4. **Security.**  PSM employs a variety of security measures to protect your information, including encryption, passwords, physical security, etc. We restrict access to personal information to PSM employees, contractors, and agents who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve our services. These individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations and may be subject to discipline, including termination and criminal prosecution, if they fail to meet these obligations. When you submit sensitive information to us, such as credit card, bank account or log-in information, we protect the transfer of that information through industry standard encryption technology ("SSL"). However, no data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be entirely secure. It is always possible that, despite our best efforts to insure the safety and security of your personal information, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. Therefore, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you submit to us. You will be required to select a secure password when registering, in order to use all the features of the Site. Please be sure to choose your password with care. Use unique numbers, letters, and special characters and do not disclose your password to anyone. PSM is not liable for loss of passwords due to user carelessness. If you believe your password has been compromised, please change it immediately. 

5. **Updates and Opt-Outs.  **PSM processes personal information only for the purposes for which it was collected and in accordance with this Privacy Policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. We review our data collection, storage, and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store, and process the personal information needed to provide or improve our services. We take reasonable steps to ensure that the personal information we process is accurate, complete, and current, but we depend on our users to update or correct their personal information whenever necessary. You can review the Personally Identifiable Information we have on record at any time, and correct or update that information or your privacy preferences by making the change on your user account settings page or by emailing us at [privacy@postscanmail.com](mailto:privacy@postscanmail.com). 

If you no longer desire our Services, you may deactivate/delete your account by contacting us directly using the contact information below or the aforementioned email address.  We will respond to your request promptly.  We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.  We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 

If you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you.  Out of respect for your privacy, yYou may also opt-out of future newsletter or other marketing and survey emails by following the link to the URL provided at the end of each email you receive and following the opt-out procedure specified there or by emailing us at [privacy@postscanmail.com](mailto:privacy@postscanmail.com). We reserve the right to continue sending you certain emails related specifically to your account or to Site administration and service even after you have exercised your opt-out rights. 

6. **Scope of this Privacy Policy.**  Except as otherwise provided in this Privacy Policy, the Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by us through the Site. It does not include the following: 

   1. **Links.**  PSM cannot control and is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of websites that might be linked to our Site, or which show as links on our Site. Please read the privacy statements of each linked site prior to submitting Personally Identifiable Information to that site.   
   2. **Widgets.**  Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button, links to our various social media pages and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.   
   3. **User Blog and Comments.**  The Site allows registered users to post information on our publically accessible Blog. By posting information to these spaces, you are choosing to make such information public (it may be read, collected, and used by others who access it) and it is therefore not covered by this Privacy Policy. Please exercise care in the posting of any Personally Identifiable Information, about yourself or others, in a public space.  To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at privacy@postscanmail.com.  In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. 

7. **Additional Terms.  **Please refer to the Terms of Use posted on the Site to see additional terms and conditions that govern your use of the Site. By using the Site, you consent to be bound by those Terms of Use as well as this Privacy Policy. 

8. **Contact Us.** PSM regularly reviews its compliance with this Privacy Policy. Please feel free to contact us with any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or PSM's handling of personal information by contacting us through this Site, or at privacy@postscanmail.com or at the following address: 

PostScan Mail  

700 N Valley St Suite B 

Anaheim, CA 92801 

(800) MAIL-866 

If we receive formal written complaints at this address, it is our policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. We will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between PSM and an individual. 

10. **Information Related to Data Collected through the PostScan Mail Services.  **In providing our Services, PSM collects and processes 3rd party personally identifiable information under the direction of our Customers.  We have no ownership of this information or any direct relationship with individuals whose personally identifiable information may be processed as part of providing our Service.   
An individual who seeks access to this data, seeks to correct, amend or delete inaccurate data or wishes to opt-out of communications from a PSM Customer should direct his/her query to the PSM Customer he/she interacts with directly (the data controller).  If a PSM Customer requests that we remove personally identifiable information on their behalf, we will respond to their request within 30 days.   
PSM may transfer personal information to other companies that help us provide our service. Transfers to subsequent third parties are covered by the provisions in this Policy regarding notice and choice and the service agreements with our Customer.   
PSM will retain personal data we process on behalf of our Customers for as long as needed to provide services and as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.   
Customers who use the Services offered on our Site in a business context may submit the personal information of other individuals at their organization to register them as authorized users. It is the Customer’s obligation, as the data controller, to inform its authorized users about the purposes for which information about them is collected and may be used on this Service. Authorized users can update or remove their account information at any time by logging into the Site and editing their account information, or by contacting their administrator.
