> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the postcrossing.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130516052137id_/http%3A//www.postcrossing.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## Postcrossing Privacy Policy

  


### Your personal information is important to us

The Postcrossing Project recognises the importance of your privacy and that you have the right to control how your personal information is collected and used. We know that providing your personal information is an act of trust and we take that seriously. Unless you directly give us consent to do otherwise, we will only collect and use your personal information as explained in this privacy policy. 

### Collected information

We will not collect or monitor any personal information without your consent. The only personal information we collect is the information provided by you at the time of signup and whenever you edit your account or profile. We also record the IP Address with which you access the website. This information will only be used to fulfill the postcard exchange goal of the website and to improve the content of the website. 

The postal address you supply to us will only be used for the postcard exchange as explained in the "[About](https://web.archive.org/about)" page. At any moment, you are free to stop using Postcrossing and, if you so wish, to [remove your account](https://web.archive.org/removal). 

We will use your email address only for the purpose of notifying you of events related with the exchange of postcards. We may also periodically email you a newsletter with news and updates about the website, or statistics about your account usage that are relevant to you. You can choose not to receive our newsletter/statistics emails by unchecking the appropriate options in your account.

If you contact us, we may maintain a record of the history of the entire communication.

### Children under the age of 13

Users under the age of 13 are allowed to use Postcrossing only under the supervision of an adult and due consent of a parent or legal guardian. We believe children can learn a great deal with Postcrossing, but like with any other website, their online habits should be monitored closely by an adult.

### Cookies

With respect to cookies: cookies are pieces of data stored in a user's computer. Postcrossing uses cookies to store session information which is required for the normal functioning of the website. Users can, at their discretion, delete the stored cookies from their computers. 

### Ads

With respect to Ad Servers: to try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with third parties whom we allow to place ads on our website. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:   
[Google Ads Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html)

### Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies, to help the website analyze how visitors use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for Postcrossing's website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

### Facebook

Postcrossing includes a Facebook App which allows you to easily publish to your Facebook account certain actions you do in Postcrossing (eg: sending or receiving a postcard). The publishing of these Postcrossing actions to Facebook is optional and always requires the explicit confirmation by you, the user. We will not publish a Postcrossing action to your Facebook account without your permission. Please check [Facebook's Privacy Policy](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/) page for more information about Facebook and Facebook apps. 

### Updates

If our information practices should change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our website to notify you of these changes. If you are concerned about how your information is used, check back at our website periodically. 

### Questions?

We can be reached via our [contact form](https://web.archive.org/contact) at any time.

If you feel that this site is not following its privacy policy, you may contact us using the form above. 

Postcrossing Project © Copyright 2004-2013 by Paulo Magalhães 
