> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the flydanaair.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120526111824id_/http%3A//www.flydanaair.com/privacy_policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DANA AIRLINES

**Your privacy is important to us.**

**Dana Air** has created this Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. 

  1. **Collection and Use of Information**   
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our website. Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information. We use customer contact information from the tickets booked to send the user information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Demographic and profile data is also collected at our site. 

We use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. The collection and processing of Customer Data enables us to provide services and products that are most likely to meet your needs and requirements. Dana Air will retain the Customer Data for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it was collected, or as required by relevant laws. 

Debit/Credit card information: We do not collect any card details. The customer is redirected to the payment gateway for authorizing the card information. We accept payments through Verified by Visa enabled VISA debit/credit cards. This is an added security service for VISA card holders. Dana Air, by any chance, never shares the custom 

  2. **Links to other websites**  
This site contains links to other sites. Dana Air is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. These links are there to provide any additional information required by the customer.
  3. **Security Measures**  
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We have implemented procedural and technical safeguards to ensure that the information that you submit to us will be secure, safe and/or is password protected to prevent misuse.
  4. **Google Analytics Disclaimer**  
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies which are text files stored on your computer to help analyze your use of the website. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to a Google server in the USA and stored there. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activities for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.;

Google may also transfer this information to third parties where this is required by law or insofar as third parties process this data on behalf of Google. Google will never associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the installation of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however please note that if you do so you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. 

By using this website you consent to the processing by Google of data relating to you in the manner and for the purposes mentioned above. As a user of this website you hereby acknowledge that the operator of this website, their vicarious agents, their representatives, associated companies, chief executives, managerial staff, employees and their shareholders accept no liability in connection with the obtaining, transmission, processing and analysis of the above-mentioned data for which reason no claims for compensation can be asserted against these natural persons and legal entities.



