> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 1024x.net privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110529075038id_/http%3A//1024x.net/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy for 1024X.NET

Your privacy on the Internet is of the utmost importance to us. This document outlines the types of information we receive and collect when you use our services and what we do with them.

**Information Automatically Logged**  
During your visit, we does not collect any personally identifiable information about you such as name, address, phone number, or e-mail address. However, [1024X.NET](http://1024x.net/) obtain some types of non-personally identifiable information such as the Internet Service Provider you use to connect to the Internet, your IP address and browser type, or the type of computer operating system you use (Macintosh or Windows, for example). The information is used for the purpose of generating reports for our own personal use to enhance future visits to our website.

**Wallpaper Images**  
Please do not ask for permissions to use these images in your projects, as we do not own the copyrights for them. All images displayed on the site are provided only for personal use as wallpaper on computers, cell phones and other personal electronic devices. In case of an error where you are the owner of an image and feel it is used unknowingly, please contact us so we can immediately remove it from our website. We do not intend to display any copyright protected images.

**External Links**  
The site contains links to other websites. Please be aware that [1024X.NET](http://1024x.net/) is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave the site or otherwise link to other sites, to read the privacy policies of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. Present Privacy Policy applies solely to information collected by the site.

**Third Party Cookies**  
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. For more detailed information about cookies, [please click here](http://www.allaboutcookies.org/).

Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to our websites and other sites on the Internet. If you wish, you may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html).

**Contacting Us**  
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding the Privacy Policy or Copyright, please contact us via following email address: diq@list.ru

**Effective Date**  
This privacy policy is effective and was last updated on March 27, 2010
