> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the holtzbrinck-elab.de privacy policy that was archived on 2014-09-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140923065847id_/http%3A//careers.holtzbrinck.com/meta/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting our career website and your interest in the vacancies of the publishing group Georg von Holtzbrinck. This website is operated by the Georg von Holtzbrinck GmbH & Co. KG (“Holding”) and acts as the central career portal for the Holding as well as its wholly or partially owned subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “we”, “us” or “HOLTZBRINCK”). 

We take the protection of your personal data seriously and want you to feel comfortable when visiting our website and submitting your job application to HOLTZBRINCK. This privacy policy serves to inform you about the information we collect during your application via this career website and how it is used. 

1\. Collection of non-personal data   
We are using the open-source software PIWIK for statistical analysis of the use of this web-site. The information collected by PIWIK (including your anonymized IP address, time of access, pages accessed, type of browser, used search engine, installed plug-ins) are stored in a database. The reports generated by PIWIK are completely anonymous and cannot be used for the identification of individuals. A combination of the data stored or collected by PIWIK with data from other sources or a transmission of such data to third parties does not occur. 

2\. Collection of personal data   
We do not collect data except pursuant to Clause 1, unless such data is explicitly entered by you during the application process or transmitted to us by you (such as in the attached certificates, CVs, etc.). 

We usually ask for the following personal information: first name, last name, address, phone number, e-mail address, date of birth as well as cover letter, resume and references. To make your contact with us as convenient as possible, we have reduced the personal information required by us to a minimum. Therefore, the disclosure of the aforementioned information, with the exception of telephone numbers and certificates, is mandatory in order to allow us due processing of your application. 

3\. Use and disclosure of personal data   
All personal information you submit to us during your online application is collected and used by HOLTZBRINCK solely for processing your application. HOLTZBRINCK collects and processes your information strictly confidential and in accordance with applicable German and European data protection regulations. 

Applications within HOLTZBRINCK are processed in collaboration between the human resources department of the respective entity and/or the Holding, the management, and/or the corresponding department of the entity offering the vacancy. The responsible person in the respective department / management and the responsible person in the human resources department may belong to different legal entities within HOLTZBRINCK. Therefore, it is possible that your data will be exchanged within the publishing group. Whether this occurs and to what extent is described in more detail below. 

3.1 Job applications for an offered vacancy  
If you apply for a specific vacancy, you provide us with your personal data. These data are regularly exclusively available to the entity which has offered the specific vacancy (“Target Company”), but applications for management vacancies are always processed jointly with the human resources department of the Holding. Other than that, there is only the technically necessary and inevitable access of system administrators, who will only access your data to the extent necessary in case of technical issues. Any other access from within HOLTZBRINCK is barred. 

If the HR department which processes your application should consider it a possible match for a different vacancy within HOLTZBRINCK, your application will be forwarded internally to the relevant department / subsidiary, unless you object explicitly in your application or afterwards by notifying the contact mentioned in the respective job advertisement, for example by e-mail. In this case, your application will not be forwarded to other departments / subsidiaries. 

3.2 Unsolicited job applications   
Deviating from the above procedures regarding applications for an offered vacancy (see Clause 3.1), in case of unsolicited (but highly welcome) applications you provide us with your personal data for review and matching with regard to several current or upcoming vacancies within HOLTZBRINCK. Therefore, it is possible that, in addition to the processing by the human resources department, your application will be forwarded to multiple departments and subsidiaries within HOLTZBRINCK. If you do not wish that your unsolicited application is forwarded to some or all subsidiaries within HOLTZBRINCK, please notify us in your application, or afterwards, by using the contact address mentioned in Clause 7, for example by e-mail. 

3.3 Temporary storage   
While creating your online application you will have the option of temporarily saving the entered data and uploaded attachments, particularly for finishing your commenced application at a later date. For this purpose, you will receive personal login information which provides access to your temporarily stored data. Such data is kept available solely for your own access and up to three months. It is technically ensured that neither the human resources department nor the management, employees of the departments or the Target Company have access to your stored data. After three months, or with submission of your application, the data is deleted from the temporary storage. 

3.4 Inclusion in our applicant pool   
Occasionally we would like applications from applicants for whom we did not yet find a suitable vacancy included in our applicant pool to be able to consider your application for future vacancies. In this case, we will inform you about this and ask for your consent. Without your consent, your application is not included in the applicant pool. 

With your consent, all your personal data and documents are permanently stored in the applicant pool and checked for a match with new vacancies. Of course, your rights under Clause 3.6 (in particular to demand deletion at any time) remain unaffected. 

3.5 Consent   
By submitting your application, you grant your explicit consent to your personal data being stored, used and transmitted within HOLTZBRINCK as described above and in accordance with this privacy policy and in compliance with the requirements of the German Federal Data Protection Act. 

3.6 Withdrawal of consent and deletion of your personal data   
You have the right, at any time, to review and correct all your personal data stored by us, in particular pursuant to Clause 6. You can also withdraw your consent to the use of your personal data at any time. 

Since your data was made available to a specific subsidiary when applying for vacancies there, please send all withdrawal and cancellation requests only to the contact mentioned in the respective job offer. In case of unsolicited applications, job applications for vacancies offered at Georg von Holtzbrinck GmbH & Co. KG, as well as in case of inclusion in our applicant pool, please submit all requests instead to the address mentioned in Clause 7. 

At your request, we will delete your personal data at any time. 

4\. Use of Cookies   
On our sites, we generally do not use cookies. Only in exceptional cases, so-called session cookies are used to store the data for a session control in your browser, particularly in the case of Section 3.4. This data is not personalized and will be deleted when you close your browser. We would like to inform you that you can set your browser to refuse cookies or that you receive a warning when cookies are being sent. 

5\. Security   
To safeguard your personal data when entering your details in the online form, the transmitted data is SSL-encrypted. 

However, you agree that the confidentiality of submitted information is not guaranteed if we or you are contacted outside of the application system, e.g. by e-mail contact. In particular, the content of e-mails may be intercepted by third parties. The same applies if your application is forwarded by e-mail to subsidiaries. 

6\. Right to be informed  
Upon written request (with proof of identity) you will be informed by us of the information we have stored about you. Please contact the contact person from the job advertisement in case of an application for a specific job vacancy; otherwise please use the contact address from Clause 7. 

7\. Contact   
Georg von Holtzbrinck GmbH & Co KG   
Human Resources  
Gänsheidestraße 26   
70184 Stuttgart   
Germany 

Phone: +49 711 2150-0   
Fax: +49 711 2150-269   
E-mail: karriere@holtzbrinck.com 

v1.0, January 21, 2011 
