> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the alteregoapp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130606032427id_/https%3A//alteregoapp.com/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | AlterEgo

## AlterEgo Privacy Policy

AlterEgo is a web application that provides two factor authentication for online activities (the “Software.”) AlterEgo will generate a temporary passcode that you will need to enter, in addition to your normal password, in order to gain access to the connected application or website. You may use AlterEgo for a variety of websites and web applications.

  1. **Some Definitions**
    * “We,” “Us,” or “MailChimp” means The Rocket Science Group (d.b.a MailChimp) a Georgia limited liability corporation.
    * “You” or “User” means the person who is reading this policy and who actually begins to use AlterEgo. 
    * “Service” means the service provided by the software AlterEgo. 
    * “Website” means www.mailchimp.com/labs.
    * “Personal Information” means any information that identifies you, including your name, email address, phone number and physical address. 
  2. **Categories of Information We Collect** We only collect information that you provide to us or that is generated by AlterEgo (i.e. temporary passcodes.) When you register to use the Service, communicate with us or send us an email, you provide us with information that we collect. Such information may include your name, email address, phone number, IP address and other information such as gender, occupation and other demographic information. When you sign up you will be asked to create a password, this information will also be stored. We recommend you use a unique password for AlterEgo and include symbols and numbers in the password. By providing us with this information, you consent to your information being collected, used, disclosed and stored by us in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 
  3. **Use and Disclosure of Your Personal Information**

We will use and disclose your Personal Information only as follows:

    1. to **provide, support and improve the Service** itself; 

* For example, we will communicate to the websites and applications you synch AlterEgo with in order to verify that the temporary passcode typed in is in fact correct.

    2. to **communicate with you concerning your account** and to **send you System Alert Messages** to let you know about temporary or permanent changes to our Service including new features offered, version updates, point releases, major releases, changes to our Privacy Policy and possibly other documents and agreements;
    3. to help **enforce compliance with our Terms of Use and applicable law;**
    4. to **provide customer support and obtain feedback;**
    5. to **protect the rights and safety** of us and our employees, Members, owners, officers and others ;
    6. to **meet legal requirements** such as complying with court orders and valid subpoenas, this may include disclosures of information to advisors such as attorneys and accountants;
    7. to **prosecute and defend** a court, arbitration or similar proceeding;
    8. to **transfer your information** in the event of the sale of substantially all of the assets of our business to a third-party or in the event of a merger, consolidation or acquisition. However, in such event, any acquirer will be subject to our obligations under this Privacy Policy. 
    9. to **send you informational and promotional materials** that you elect ("opt-in") to receive. 
  4. **How We Keep Your Personal Information Secure** We take all appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to your data and ensure all data is transferred and stored by encrypted means.
  5. **Notification of Changes** Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted to this Website and emailed to the last email address you have given to us, and will become effective as of the later of the date we post on the Website or, send the email. 
  6. **Accuracy of Data and Rights** We do our best to keep your data accurate and up-to-date to the extent that you provide us with that information. If your information changes then you are responsible for notifying us of those changes so that we can keep your records up-to-date. We will give you access to any of your Personal Information that we hold about you within 30 days of any request you make for such information.
  7. **Effective Date** This Privacy Policy is effective with respect to all data that we have collected, or collect, about and/or from you, both prior to your registration as a Member and/or during the Term, in accordance with the Terms of Use.
  8. **Questions** If you have any questions, comments, or concerns or wish to update, delete or change any Personal Information submitted on this Site, or have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please notify us through postal mail at: 

MailChimp Privacy Department  
512 Means St., Suite 404  
Atlanta, Georgia 30318

Or you can email us at privacy at mailchimp.com



