> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the altnet.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060617214523id_/http%3A//www.altnet.com/support/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome to Altnet

| 

**Altnet, Inc. (“Altnet,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) is committed to respecting the privacy rights and concerns of all users of this website (the “Site”), our Peer Points Manager software (the “Software”) and our Peer Points Manager service (the “Service”)** (we refer to the Site, the Software and the Service collectively as the “Altnet Features”). As such, we have established and implemented this privacy statement to inform visitors to the Site and users of the Software and/or the Service how we use and protect the information we collect. If you have any questions regarding this information or our privacy practices, please see the section entitled "Questions? Contact Us" at the end of this privacy statement. 

**What information does Altnet collect and how does Altnet use it?**   
You may visit the Site and use certain features of the Software without any registration at all, however, in order to use certain features of the Altnet Features, you will have to create a user account. When you register and create an account, we require you to provide us your contact information including your name and email address, your age and gender and a password used so you can securely access and modify your details later. If you want to purchase any files for download through the Software or Service, you may additionally need to provide us with your credit card or other billing information. We use the information we collect to tailor your experience through the Altnet Features by displaying content according to your interests and preferences, providing a faster method for you to submit information to us and receive back the information or products you desire, sending you information about us and promotional material from some of our partners, and allowing us to contact you, if necessary. If at any time you would rather not receive information from us, or would like to opt out of any other service we provide, simply follow the steps in the section entitled "How do you opt out? How do you change the information we have for you?" Notwithstanding the manner in which we use such information, we will not provide any such information to any third parties without your express consent. All credit card related information you provide to us when ordering or downloading files or other products from the Software and Service is maintained by us as highly confidential, and we will not share such credit card related information to any third parties that are not involved in fulfilling your order. An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are on the Internet. We may retain your IP address and/or other machine-identifying information in order to help us diagnose problems with our servers, to administer the Software and the Service, to track downloading and uploading of files from your computer, to gather broad anonymous demographic information (such as the number of visitors from a geographic area), to enforce compliance with our End User’s License Agreement or otherwise in order to protect our services, sites, customers, or others. You may “opt in” to access additional services or redeem points earned through the Altnet Features. When you opt in we may link your IP address and/or other machine identifying information with your user account. We have to create such a link so that we can properly track the points you have exchanged or award you points that you have earned. If you choose to create a user account you may also separately opt in or opt out to participate in sweepstakes and contests offered through the Altnet Features. We may use the information we collect to occasionally notify you about important functionality changes to the Altnet Features, new products and services available through the Altnet Features, and special offers we think you’ll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, or would like to opt-out of any other information request or distribution, simply log in using the same email address and password that you used when you created your user account – you’ll then be able to edit your account details or delete your account entirely if you so wish. 

**How does Altnet protect customer information?**   
We implement a variety of security measures to ensure the security of your personal information on our systems. User personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights to such systems. Any sensitive/credit information you supply us is transmitted and protected via Secure Socket Layer technology (“SSL”) and HTTPS protocol and then encrypted into our databases to be accessed only as stated above. 

**What are "cookies"? Does Altnet use them?**   
Cookies are small bits of electronic information that a web site can transfer to a visitor’s hard drive to help tailor and keep records of his or her visit to the site. The use of cookies is standard on the Internet and many web sites use them. Cookies allow web site operators to better customize visits to the site to the visitor’s individual preferences. For example, by setting a cookie you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time. We do not save any password information in cookies. In addition, advertisements displayed on the Altnet Features may contain cookies. The companies who serve our advertisements transfer cookies independent of us, and, as such, we do not control the use of such cookies and in many instances have no access to the information collected by them. Although most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, you can usually change your browser to prevent that or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. Even without accepting a cookie, you can still access many of the features on the Altnet Features. However, some parts of the Altnet Features will not function properly if you refuse cookies. 

**Does Altnet disclose the information it collects from its visitors to outside parties?**   
Subject to your express opt-in approval (see “What information does Altnet collect and how does Altnet use it?” above), we may share your personally identifiable information with third parties, including e-commerce partners, who assist us by providing services to users of the Altnet Features. For example, we have partnered with third parties to redeem points provided to users through the Altnet Features and to manage our contests and sweepstakes. We have to provide these third parties participants’ information so they may administer the contests or sweepstakes, notify winners and/or redeem points. If you have “opted in” to participate in such contests or sweepstakes, we will provide your email address or other required personal information to these third parties for such purposes. To become a sweepstakes and contest partner or a points redemption partner, a third party must agree that it will not use our users’ personally identifiable information, including email addresses, for any marketing or other purposes which do not relate to contest and sweepstakes administration. Regardless, we may share your personally identifiable information at any time in order to comply with any applicable law or valid legal process. Should you change your mind about the information you’ve provided to us or should your information change, we have provided a way for you to correct, update or remove the personal data you gave us. You can do this simply by contacting us in any of the simple ways set forth below in the section entitled “How do you opt out? How do you change the information we have for you?” 

**How do you opt out? How do you change the information we have for you?**   
We give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving communications from us, from participating in our points programs and from participating in contests and sweepstakes. To have the information that we have on file for you be removed from our database, or update or modify your details, or request that we not send you any future communications, simply go to [www.altnet.com/login](http://www.altnet.com/login), log in using your email address and password, then modify your details and settings or even delete your account if you so wish. Individuals under 13 years of age. 

Pursuant to the provisions of the Federal Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), our policy is to refuse individuals under the age of 13 years of age to submit information to the Site or to install and/or use the Software and the Service. We therefore do not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 13 years of age. If you are under 13 years of age, you are not permitted to install the Software or use the Site and/or the Service. If you are under 13 years of age and you have either agreed to our End User’s License Agreement or created an account through the Site by lying about your age, you are in violation of our End User’s License Agreement, the Altnet Terms and Conditions of Use, and this Privacy Policy. You must immediately discontinue any use of this Site, uninstall the Software and discontinue any use of the Service. 

**Third party links and co-brand relationships**   
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, we may choose various third party web sites to link to, and frame within, the Altnet Features. We also participate in co-branding and other relationships to offer e-commerce and other services and features to our users. However, even if the third party is affiliated with us, we have no control over these linked sites, each of which has separate privacy and data collection practices independent of us. Data collected by our co-brand partners or third party web sites (even if offered on or through our site) is not received by us. As such, we have no responsibility or liability for these independent policies or actions, and are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any such web sites. These linked sites are only for your convenience and you therefore access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of the Altnet Features and the links placed upon each of them and therefore request any feedback on not only the Altnet Features, but for sites each links to as well (including if a specific link does not work). 

**Surveys**   
From time-to-time, we request information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of the Altnet Features. 

**Notification of changes**   
By visiting the Site or downloading the Software or using the Service, you consent to the collection and use of information by us as set forth in this privacy statement. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on the homepage of the Site so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify you by way of an email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. Continued access or use of the web site shall constitute your express acceptance of any modifications to this privacy statement. 

**Questions? Contact us**   
If you have any questions about our privacy practices or your dealings with the Altnet Features, please do not hesitate to contact:   
Altnet, Inc.   
Customer Service   
14011 Ventura Boulevard, Suite 501   
Sherman Oaks, CA 91423, USA   
[salesinquiry@altnet.com](mailto:salesinquiry@altnet.com)

**Terms and Conditions**   
Please also see our [Terms and Conditions of Use](http://www.altnet.com/support/terms) establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of the Site and other Altnet services and applications. 

| 
