> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the altova.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190604165426id_/https%3A//www.altova.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Altova's Privacy Policy | Altova

### A. INTRODUCTION

Altova is committed to protecting your privacy and Personal Data. Personal Data is data that would permit us to identify you. This Privacy Policy covers Altova’s practices concerning the collection and use of Personal Data on the altova.com website, the shop.altova.com website (“Altova Online Shop”), or other Altova owned, operated, licensed or controlled site(s) (collectively the “Site(s)”) as well as Personal Data collected by Altova via alternate business channels such as telephone calls, trade shows, conferences, or from our partners. This Privacy Policy details the privacy practices of Altova GmbH and its subsidiaries (“Altova”) in connection with your use of the Site(s) as well as Altova software products and/or services. By using the Site(s) and/or installing Altova software, you are deemed to consent to the Privacy Policy as well as the Altova Website Terms of Use, as applicable. 

If you do not consent to the Privacy Policy and the practices outlined below, do not use the Site(s), access our services, download materials or use Altova software. Subject to applicable law, Altova revises the Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will revise the “last updated” date at the bottom. We encourage you to read the complete Privacy Policy and to contact us via email or post with any questions or comments that you have. 

### B. HOW WE COLLECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA

Altova may collect Personal Data in a number of ways. The most common are when you request an evaluation keycode directly from within Altova software; when you request an evaluation extension; when you subscribe to e-mail newsletters; when you join a limited access part of the Site(s); when you create an account or post to the Forums; when you participate in a contest, survey, or promotion; when you report a problem with our Site(s), our services or our software products; or when you purchase, activate and register Altova software products and services. Altova may also receive Personal Data about you from other business channels such as telephone calls, trade shows, conferences, product demonstrations, service engagements, or from our partners. 

Altova typically collects Personal Data supplied by the customer to provide a product or service or as part of a purchase, activation and registration. This information typically includes but is not limited to the customer e-mail address, name, company, organization or location. Our order forms in the Altova Online Shop collect customers’ contact information and financial information such as credit card number and other billing information, which is used to process, fulfill and deliver your order. All of the data that moves between your browser and all Altova Site(s) is transmitted over an encrypted channel using TLS 1.2 (Transport Layer Security) encryption to guard your data against abuse.

Altova collects the information submitted via the Altova Online Support Center and technical incident support form to better serve our customers. Altova collects data about the Site(s) visitors which may identify the visitor in our server log files, cookies and web beacons as described below.

To prevent unlicensed or illegal use of Altova software, the software contains a software activation system that allows for an exchange of technical and license related data. The Altova software will connect to the Altova Master License Server and convey information such as the operating system hosting the software, IP address, the DNS, UUID, date and start time of the initial session execution, and software key code, name and version. If you use the Altova LicenseServer, then the software will also send the information noted above to the Altova LicenseServer which aggregates the data and conveys it to the Altova Master License Server on a daily basis. In addition, the Altova LicenseServer transmits data about itself to the Altova Master License Server, including the version, location and network address, and the deployment data for key codes in the licensing pool. For the Altova server software, additional information applicable to its licensing parameters is also transmitted, such as the download id (if applicable), system core count, systemid, single thread execution flag, system address, system user, system machine id, checkout id, checkout time, checkout end.

### C. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL DATA

Altova uses your Personal Data to help us create and deliver content, products, and services relevant to you; to help us personalize or enhance your experience on our Site(s); to help you find or purchase software, services or information on our Site(s); to provide you with assistance or respond to your inquires; to fulfill orders, process payments or perform a credit check, as necessary; for interactive communications with you about our products or services; to relieve you from having to provide your Personal Data more than once; in order to prevent unlicensed or illegal use of Altova software; to notify you by email, telephone or other medium about product upgrades, updates, special offers and other new services or software offerings (you will be able to unsubscribe from emails by following the instructions at the bottom of our message); to help us manage and administer our Site(s) or as otherwise described herein.

 **The data about our users and visitors that Altova collects is important to us and we do not sell it to other parties.** Except in the limited circumstance set forth below, Altova will disclose Personal Data, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) comply with the law, subpoena, court order or other legal process; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Altova and its family of websites; and (c) protect the personal safety of users of Altova Site(s) or the public.

In limited instances, Altova may hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, answering customer questions about products or services, packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, processing purchasing transactions, and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the data they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that data for any other purpose; and they are obligated to protect your Personal Data. When you order a product or service from a company linked to our Site(s), it may be necessary for us to share certain limited data with that company to process and complete your purchase or other transaction. In such cases, we share the minimum data necessary to complete the transaction. This does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing Personal Data from customers for commercial purposes in violation of commitment stated in this Privacy Policy. In the event Altova is acquired by another company, Personal Data may be part of the assets transferred to the acquiring party. Please note that Altova maintains archives of its web logs, database, and other systems and data and that it is possible some of this data may remain archived after Altova deletes the data from its active database. Altova maintains these archives for disaster recovery, legal, administrative and other non-marketing purposes.

Altova does use other data that we collected from our server log files, cookies and web beacons to get a better understanding of our visitors and customer base in order for us to enhance our Site(s), software and services. This data collected is compiled and analyzed on an aggregate basis and does not identify you personally. **This data helps us to determine the content that provides value to our customers and visitors.**

### D. HOW WE PROTECT AND STORE YOUR PERSONAL DATA

Altova has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of your Personal Data under our control. These include a firewall to prevent unauthorized access to our systems. Inside Altova, Personal Data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited and controlled access on a need-to-know basis. When Altova software, including the Altova LicenseServer, communicates with the Altova Master License Server, all communications are transmitted via TLS 1.2 encryption. While we cannot guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration to data will not occur, we take many precautions to prevent such unfortunate occurrences. However, Altova accepts no liability for any unintentional disclosure. **Except under conditions explained in the Privacy Policy, your Personal Data is never shared outside Altova.**

The Personal Data as described herein may be transferred outside of the European Economic Area, for purposes of processing, analysis, and review, by Altova, Inc. a company located in Beverly, Massachusetts, U.S.A., or its subsidiaries or Altova’s subsidiaries or divisions, or authorized partners, located worldwide. You are advised that the United States uses a sectoral model of privacy protection that relies on a mix of legislation, governmental regulation, and self-regulation. You are further advised that the Council of the European Union has found that this model does not provide "adequate" privacy protections as contemplated by Article 25 of the European Union's Data Directive. (Directive 95/46/EC, 1995 O.J. (L 281) 31). Article 26 of the European Union's Data Directive allows for transfer of personal data from the European Union to a third country if the individual has unambiguously given his consent to the transfer of Personal Data, regardless of the third country's level of protection. By agreeing to this Privacy Policy, you consent to the transfer of all such data to the United States and the processing of that information as described in the applicable Altova End User License Agreement and the Privacy Policy. 

You represent and warrant that you have the right and ability to provide Altova with the data as described in the Privacy Policy (including any third party data) and that no data infringe any patent, copyright or any other proprietary rights of a third party, nor violates any applicable data protection laws. 

When you register with the Site(s), you may be provided a password that will allow you to access the Site(s). You are ultimately responsible for maintaining the confidentiality and security of your login and password and use of your password whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password.   


### E. HOW WE USE “COOKIES,” “WEB BEACONS” AND WEB LOGS

In addition to the Personal Data that we collect when you register, we also may collect data passively using “cookies” or “Web beacons.” This helps to ensure we are publishing content customers need and want as well as enabling us to customize your experience on our Site(s). A cookie is a small text file containing a unique identification number that is transferred from a website to the hard drive of your computer so that the site administrator may identify your computer and passively track its activities on the site. Cookies allow us to automatically remember your Web browser, which in turn helps us deliver products and Services more efficiently, prevent others from using your account, measure statistics such as audience size and traffic patterns, and display advertisements. When someone visits the Site(s), a cookie may be placed on the user’s machine or browser (if the user accepts cookies) or is read if the user has visited the Site(s) previously. Web beacons, also known as clear GIF technology or action tags, are small images that we may place on web pages and within Web-based e-mail newsletters that assist in delivering the cookie. This technology tells us how many visitors clicked on key elements (such as links or graphics) on a web page on the Site(s). **We do not share tracking information outside of Altova and do not allow other companies to place Web beacons on our Site(s).** By modifying your browser preferences you can choose to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to not have your browser accept cookies from the Site, you still will be able to view the text on the screens. However, you will not experience a personalized visit nor will you be able to subscribe to or use certain offerings on the site. Web logs automatically record anything a web server sees, which may include email addresses you enter into a form or pages viewed by a user at a particular IP address. 

### F. LINKS, DISCUSSION FORUM AND PUBLIC AREAS

Our Site may contain links to other sites, including ones that display our trademarks and name amongst other organizations. Altova assumes no responsibility for the content or the privacy policies and practices of such websites. Altova encourages you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites; their privacy practices may differ from ours. Please remember that any data you submit in a discussion forum, message board or other such area will be deemed public information and is not confidential. There is a risk in such communication venues that information can be collected and used by others. **Please be careful and responsible when you are online**.

###  G. PROTECTION OF CHILDREN’S PERSONAL INFORMATION

The Site(s) are not directed to children under the age of 13 and Altova assumes products purchased through credit card means are purchased by adults. Altova respects the privacy of parents and children and is committed to complying with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Altova believes that parents should supervise their children's online activities and consider using parental control tools available from online services and software manufacturers that help provide a kid-friendly online environment. These tools can also prevent children from otherwise disclosing online their name, address and other Personal Data without parental permission. 

### H. CONTACT INFORMATION

Altova welcomes your comments regarding our information handling practice and this Privacy Policy and you may contact us at the address indicated below. In addition, certain jurisdictions may permit you to contact Altova, at the address below, to request information on the processing of your Personal Data, corrections or to oppose processing of Personal Data if you have a legitimate reason to do so. Altova can be contacted by e-mail at privacy-questions@altova.com or via postal mail at Altova GmbH, DVR 0692450, Rudolfsplatz 13a/9, A-1010 Wien, Austria / EU, Attention: Altova Privacy. 

Last updated: 2018-08-23
