> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the splashmath.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209131356id_/https%3A//www.splashmath.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

StudyPad, Inc. ("Company") knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. By visiting the [StudyPad](http://www.studypadinc.com/) website or [Splash Math](https://web.archive.org/) website & domain name, and any other linked pages, features, content, or application services offered from time to time by Company in connection therewith (collectively, the "Website"), or using any of our services, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy. You post any Content (as that term is defined in the Company's [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms-of-use)) on the Website at your own risk. We attempt to limit access to blogs, forums, and other mechanisms of sharing content by requiring your user profile and password to upload and share Content. We cannot, however, control the actions of you or others. If someone chooses to share the user name and password, it is possible a minor might gain access to such forums and view or share Content. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website. You understand and acknowledge that, even after removal, copies of Content may remain viewable in cached and archived pages or if other users have copied or stored your Content. 

What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?

This Privacy Policy covers Company's treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that Company gathers when you access the Website and when you use Company's services. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Company does not own or control, or to individuals that Company does not employ or manage. 

How is children's personal information treated?

If you are a minor (under the age of 18), you may only use this service and disclose Personal Information with your parent or guardian's express consent. Company only collects limited Personal Information from students ("Children's Personal Information") directly from the parent or guardian who has registered and paid for the Services. If you are below the age of eighteen (18), please do not send any Children's Personal Information about yourself to us, other than what we request from your parent or guardian who registers for the Services. In the event that we learn that we have collected Children's Personal Information from a student without parental consent being obtained by his or her school, district, and/or teacher, or if we learn a minor has provided us Children's Personal Information beyond what we request during the registration process, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a student may have provided us Children's Personal Information beyond what is requested when signing up for the Website, or that a student's school, district, or teacher has not obtained parental consent, please contact us at [compliance@splashmath.com](mailto:compliance@splashmath.com). Hereinafter, references to "Personal Information" shall apply to personal information of individual Website users who are not student registrants. References to "Children's Personal Information" shall only apply to personal information of student users of the Website. General references to "information" shall apply to all users. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if you are a minor and your parent has signed up for the Website, you understand that your parent can view all information within or associated with the account, including without limitation progress reports and usage data that tracks your performance on games, assessments and other tests available through the Services. 

What Personal Information Does Company Collect?

The information we gather from customers enables us to personalize and improve our services. We collect the following types of information from our customers: 

Information You Provide to Us:

We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or provide to us in any other way. The types of Personal Information collected include your full name, email address, ZIP code, credit card and/or other payment information, Children's Personal Information (which is limited to the child's name and gender), IP address, browser and location information, username, password and any other information necessary for us to provide our services. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features. The Personal Information you provide is used for such purposes as answering questions, sending product updates, and communicating with you about Company's products and services, including specials and new features. The Children's Personal Information you provide shall only be used for creating your individual account (which will allow you to receive progress reports that include tracking your child's performance and progress). You may modify or remove your Personal Information or Children's Personal Information identified below at any time by logging into your account and accessing features to edit your profile and/or account information. 

Personal Information Collected Automatically:

We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our Website or use our services. Company automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, cookie information, and the page you requested. Generally, our service automatically collects usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our Website and its components, similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show. Company only uses this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. This type of aggregate data enables us to figure out how often customers use parts of the Website or services so that we can make the Website appealing to as many customers as possible, and improve those services. As part of this use of information, we may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our customers, collectively, use our Website or services. We share this type of statistical data so that our partners also understand how often people use the Website or services, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal online experience. Again, Company never discloses aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally. 

E-mail Communications:

We often receive a confirmation when you open an email from Company if your computer supports this type of program. Company uses this confirmation to help us make emails more interesting and helpful. We also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. When you receive e-mail from Company, you can opt out of receiving further e-mails by following the included instructions to unsubscribe. 

What About Cookies?

Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site are visited and by how many people. We use cookies to enhance visitors' experiences, to learn more about their use of the Website and to improve quality. **Company cookies do not collect Personal Information or Children's Personal Information, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other Personal Information or Children's Personal Information to tell us who you are or what your screen name or email address is.** Most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways. We strongly recommend that you leave the cookies activated, however, because cookies enable you to take advantage of some of our Website's most attractive features. If third party links appear through advertisements on the Website, those third party sites may use cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by Company and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers or third parties. 

Will Company Share Any of the Personal Information it Receives?

Your Personal Information and Children's Personal Information is an integral part of our business. We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information or Children's Personal Information to anyone. We share your Personal Information and Children's only as described below. As explained below, we only share Children's Personal Information associated with your account directly with you to report on your child's performance using our Services. We never share that Children's Personal Information with any third party. A child's usage data (i.e. performance on tests, games, etc. available on the Services) is shared through aggregated, anonymous comparisons, but never in a way that could personally identify the child. Again, please note that references to "Personal Information" only apply to personal information of individuals who are not students. 

Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We anticipate that we may become affiliated with a variety of businesses and work closely with them. In certain situations, these businesses may sell items to you through the Website. In other situations, Company may provide services, or sell products jointly with affiliated businesses. These transactions or services may or may not be commercial in nature; we will not share your Children's Personal Information in connection with any commercial third party transaction or service. You can easily recognize when an affiliated business is associated with your transaction, and we will share your Personal Information that is related to such transactions with that affiliated business. 

Agents: We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Examples include sending email, analyzing data, and providing user services. Unless we tell you differently, Company's agents do not have any right to use Personal Information or Children's Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. You hereby consent to our sharing of Personal Information and Children's Personal Information for the above purposes. 

User profiles:User profile information including your user name, email address, and other information you enter ("User Submissions") may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Website. Minors are not allowed to enter or upload User Submissions. If the registration process is completed correctly, no Children's Personal Information will ever be displayed to any third party through a User Profile. Email addresses are used to add new User Submissions to user profiles and to communicate through User Submissions. Users' email addresses will not be directly revealed to other users by Company, except, when the user is "connected" to another user via a shared group membership, or an invitation, or if the user has chosen to include their email address in their User Profile. 

Communication about the Website or in response to User Submissions: As part of the Website and services, you will receive from Company email and other communication relating to your child's progress and use of the Services or User Submissions. You acknowledge and agree that by allowing your child to use the Website and Services, and by posting such User Submissions, Company may send you email and other communication that it determines in its sole discretion relate to such activity and your User Submissions. 

Promotional Offers: We may send offers to you on behalf of other businesses. However, when we do so, we do not give the other business your name and address. If you do not wish to receive these offers, please send an email with your request to [support@splashmath.com](mailto:support@splashmath.com). 

Business Transfers: In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that are transferred. Moreover, if Company, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, or in the unlikely event that Company goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, customer information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of Company may continue to use your Personal Information and Children's Personal Information as set forth in this policy. 

Protection of Company and Others: We may release Personal Information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with the law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Company, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. 

With Your Consent: Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information. 

Is Personal Information About me Secure?

Your Company account Personal Information or Children's Personal Information is protected by a password for your privacy and security. You need to ensure that there is no unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information or Children's Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password appropriately and limiting access to your computer and browser by signing off after you have finished accessing your account. Company endeavors to protect user information to ensure that user account information is kept private, however, Company cannot guarantee the security of user account information. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. The Website contains links to other sites. Company is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site you should read the privacy policy stated on that site. This Privacy Policy only governs information collected on the Website. Please be aware that whenever you voluntarily post information to public areas on the Website or any other public forums, such information can be accessed by the public. 

What Personal Information Can I Access?

Company allows you to access the following information about you for the purpose of viewing, and in certain situations, updating that information. This list will change as the Website changes. 

  * Name and grade of the child
  * User's email address
  * Username and password
  * User preferences
  * Profile
  * Usage Analytics (i.e. progress reports) of the child



What Choices Do I Have?

As stated previously, you can always opt not to disclose information, even though it may be needed to take advantage of certain features of the Website and services. You are able to add or update certain information on pages, such as those listed in the "What Personal Information Can I Access" section above. When you update information, however, we often maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. You may request deletion of your Company account by sending an e-mail to [contact@splashmath.com](mailto:contact@splashmath.com). Please note that some information may remain in our records after deletion of your account. If you do not wish to receive email or other mail from us, please indicate this preference during the registration process. Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Website, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes. Further, opting out of such e-mails will prevent us from providing you key portions of the Services, including providing progress reports that explain your child's performance and progress using the Services. 

Changes to this Privacy Policy 

Company may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information or Children's Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website. The most current version of the policy will govern our use of your information and will always be at [/privacy](https://web.archive.org/privacy). By continuing to access or use the Services after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy. 

Questions or Concerns 

If you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy on our Website, please send us a detailed message at [compliance@splashmath.com](mailto:compliance@splashmath.com). We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.   
Effective Date: April 8, 2011   
Joy Deep Nath: [joydeep@splashmath.com](mailto:joydeep@splashmath.com)
