> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the splendora.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230183147id_/http%3A//www.splendora.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Splendora

## Splendora, Inc. Web Site Privacy Policy

Splendora, Inc. (" **Splendora** ") has created this privacy policy (the “ **Policy** ”) to explain our privacy practices so you will understand when and how personal information is collected, used, disclosed and protected with respect to our web site located at [http://www.splendora.com](http://www.splendora.com/) (the " **Site** "). By using the Site, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy. We reserve the right to change this Policy at any time. If we make any material changes to our Policy, we will post a new policy on our Site and update the "last updated" date set forth above. Therefore, we encourage you to check our Policy whenever you use the Site to see if it has been updated since your last visit. 

### Information About You

We collect two basic types of information with our Site, namely personal information and aggregate information. Personal information is information that is directly associated with a specific person or entity such as a user's name, e-mail address, financial information, or information about activities that is directly linked to that person. 

Our definition of personal information does not include “aggregate” information. Aggregate information is data we collect about a group or category of services or users from which individual user identities have been removed. This may include demographic information (such as age, gender, race, occupation, household income, and job title) and profile data. In other words, information on how you use our Site may be collected and combined with information about how others use the Site, but no personal information will be included in the resulting data. Aggregate data helps us understand trends in our users' needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor our Site. We may share aggregate information about our users with third parties for various purposes, including to help us better understand and improve our Site, and for advertising and marketing purposes. This information will be shared with our partners only anonymously and in aggregate.

Those are the types of personal and other information we collect. You should refer to the rest of this Policy to see how we use, disclose and protect this information: 

### Information You Give Us

We collect information you give us at various times when you register with us and use our Site. Examples include the following:

  * **Registration and Transaction Information.** When you register to use the Site, we may collect various kinds of contact information about you including, for example, your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, birth date, and zip code. In addition, we may collect images, pictures, data files, and written descriptions or statements about you. Our site also uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. When a visitor uses the order form, we may collect the visitor's contact information (such as their name and e-mail address), financial information (such as their account or credit card numbers), health-related information, and other information (such as their age and site preferences). 
  * **Submissions and Member Service.** From time-to-time we may post surveys or contests on our Site. Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (such as their name and e-mail address) and other information (such as their zip code, age, or income level). The customer's contact information will not be shared with our partners, but we will, from time to time, send offers from our partners to those visitors who have not opted out. We use contact data from our contests to send users information about our company and promotional material from some of our partners. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by following the instructions below in the section entitled “Access and Control of Personal Information.” Participation in these requests is completely voluntary and with each request you will have the choice of whether or not to participate and disclose information. Additionally, we provide message boards and other interactive services, and retain the information and content submitted by users utilizing these services. Also, we may collect information that identifies you personally when you send us comments, questions or suggestions, or if you send to us job applications, resumes, or other business-related contacts.

CONTINUE
