> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hunto.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151207055144id_/http%3A//hunto.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Hunto.com Viral Videos

We do not own copyright of any Content on this website. The copyright belongs to the respective owners of the videos uploaded to Youtube. If you find any Content infringe your copyright or trademark, and want it to be removed from this website, or replaced by your original content, please contact us.

Hunto.com (the “Company”, “We” or “Us”) is hereby providing you with this privacy policy (the “Policy”) to delineate how information you share with Us is safeguarded, obtained and used. This Policy is subject to change by Us at any time. Should there be any materially significant changes to this Policy, we will post notice of same on the Company’s website (hunto.com/privacy). By using this site, you agree to the terms stated herein.

  1. #### SAFEGUARDING YOUR INFORMATION

    1. ##### Sharing Information:

      * We maintain the right to communicate and share information with you via the U.S. Postal Service (or other similar providers) and electronic mail, provided the laws in your jurisdiction permit such electronic and non-electronic mailings. If you would prefer to opt-out of these types of communications, please notify our help desk. The process for opt-ing out is delineated below. See, infra, Section 7.
      * Except as otherwise provided below, if you do not provide us with your consent, we will not share Your Personal Information, as defined below, with third parties.
      * Except as otherwise provided below, you have control over the emails the Company sends you. You can indicate to receive emails (or not) by accessing the settings/profile of your account. The sole exception to the preceding sentences is that the Company, at all times, retains the right to contact you for business related purposes. Business related purposes, for example, include such things as: (i) requests for new passwords, (ii) updates to the terms and conditions of the website/policies, or (iii) correspondences concerning your activity on the website (e.g., commencing petitions, vows, etc.)
      * It is against Company policy to collective information from any individual that is under the age of 13. Accordingly, We will not knowingly collect information from individuals under the age of 13 and will remove/delete all materials/postings by such individuals (including deleting the account used to access the website) if we become aware of it. To the extent you become aware of any use of Our website that violates this policy, please advise us immediately so that we can rectify the issue.
      * You retain control over what other consumers of the website may see your profile. You may modify your privacy settings by going to your settings/profile.
      * The password you create to access the website is password-protected. The disclaims all responsibility if the password is lost or otherwise compromised. You can change your password by going to your settings/profile.
      * The Company takes reasonable good faith efforts to store and protect all information we obtain, but we do not (and cannot) guarantee or warrant complete security. As a result, by accessing our website, you acknowledge the risk of sharing information with the Company and agree that you will not hold the Company legally, financially or otherwise responsible for the Company’s unintended loss of any information, due to the Company’s acts or omissions or that of a third-party contracted to do business with the Company.
      * Notwithstanding anything herein, we disclaim all responsibility for third-party websites’ privacy policies, even those websites to which you were directed to as a result of a link from the Company’s website. Accordingly, we encourage you to review each and every privacy policy of each website you visit.
    2. ##### Cookies, etc.

      * The Company’s website, like many other websites, utilizes various tracking devices. Some of these tracking devices, include cookies. Cookies are electronic files that retain information concerning your electronic activities. Many websites employ similar cookies, such as the cookies We use, and those cookies enable companies to, among other things, provide users with a better, faster, or safer experience. While the cookies may retain information concerning your activities on Our Website, the cookies will not retain information concerning your activities on third-party websites.
      * Our implementation of cookies enables Us to provide, among other things, the following: improve your experience using the website by making it easier for you to log on to the website; provide you with an increasingly personalized website experience. We note that while we will store your username, we will not store your password.
      * Importantly, you retain the ability to limit or eliminate the Company’s use of the cookies by removing or blocking them using from your browser’s settings. This, however, may negatively affect your access/experience on the website.
    3. ##### Information We Collect And Retain

      * The Company collects and retains your Personal Information, which includes your name, email address, and mailing address. The Company also reserves the right to collect and retain information concerning your activities on our website, which includes (and is not limited to) any petitions, vows or anything else you create, modify, join, decline or otherwise take any action on (hereinafter, your “Hunto Activity Data”). The Company also retains web log entries for each page visited, including your page URL, IP address, and date/time/duration of visit.
      * The Company expressly encourages you not to post any information in any public forum of the website which you retain the expectation of privacy, including, but not limited to, any Personal Information and/or Hunto Activity Data. The Company also retains the right to collect (either the Company directly or a third-party retained by the Company for this purpose) any information concerning you which is available in a public forum.
      * You may view the Personal Information we have stored about you by viewing your profile and account settings. We request that you revise any inaccurate information.
      * By default, every organization or cause that you support shall receive a notification of your interest in the cause as well as your Personal Information so that they can contact you further. Your willingness to support a cause is considered by the Company to indicate that you want the organization or cause to receive your Personal Information and also that you want to receive information from that organization or cause. Accordingly, we will notify the organization or cause that you request additional information from them and/or are not opposed to receiving additional from them. To the extent you do not wish to receive such communications from the organization or cause you support, please indicate as such when supporting the cause or organization. Further, if you desire to obtain communications from the organizations/causes you support, please note that: (i) the Company has no control over that third party and any aspect of such communications; and (ii) the organizations/causes your support may rent or trade your name and address with other third parties. As a result, we recommend that you thoroughly review the organization/cause that you support, including their terms of service, privacy policy, etc., before declining to opt-out of the transmission of your information to that organization or cause.
    4. ##### How we may use your data

      * We may share your Personal Information with the following third parties: 
        1. Affiliated third parties for purpose of assisting us with our business. The affiliated third parties are not permitted to record, use or otherwise share your Personal Information other than as instructed by us.
        2. Your signature in support of any cause (e.g., petition, vow, etc.) results, in all circumstances, in the possibility that your Personal Information will be shared with the creator of such cause. The Company does not review, analyze or verify the creators of such causes and, as a result, disclaims all liability stemming from the transmission of your Personal Information to that individual. Further, if you are inclined to support your cause publicly, you are thereby agreeing and consenting to sharing your name, city, state and a link to your user profile on the home page for such cause. The home page for such cause will then indicate that you have signed such petition; and this information will be discernible to all users of the website, which includes commercial companies that may archive internet activities and make it available on their own websites.
      * We may share your Hunto Activity Data in various ways, including, but not limited to: 
        1. Using your Hunto Activity Data internally to assist the Company in personalizing your website experience.
        2. Any Hunto Activity Data that you make publicly available will also be available to third-parties, either by third-parties accessing such information from our website without the Company’s consent or third-parties contracted to do business with the Company.
      * Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth within this Policy, the Company reserves the right to disclose information about you or anyone else: (1) to the police or other authorities/individuals based upon the Company’s good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (i) enforce our policies; (ii) react to claims/complaints that any action by you is in violation of the rights of third-parties; or (iii) safeguard the property, safety or rights of the Company, its users or the general public; and (2) if the Company, exercising its good faith, believes that such disclosure is required or may be required to respond to court orders, subpoenas, or other legal process. The Company reserves the right to notify its users concerning any legal process requesting their information. The Company further reserves the right to use its resources to defend against such requests or to save such resources by complying fully with any request that is reasonably believed to be required by law.
      * Furthermore, if the ownership of the Company changes, whether through merger, acquisition, reorganization, sale of assets or bankruptcy, your information may be sold or transferred as part of that transaction. The terms of this Policy will survive any change in ownership.
    5. ##### Foreign Users

      * You understand and expressly agree that by using our website and providing information to Us and We may use the information collected from you for the reasons identified in this Policy, which shall include our transfer, if any, of information beyond your local area. Further, any information we obtain may be stored on servers located in the United States. As a result, by your knowing use of the Our website and decision to provide us with information, you hereby agree to the transmission of such information.
  2. #### ISSUES/COMPLAINTS/DISPUTES

    * We continuously review our Policies and ensure compliance with this Policy. To the extent there are any complaints, we will do our best to resolve all such complaints as expeditiously as possible.
    * If a consumer makes a Complaint, we will contact the complainant to ascertain the issue(s) and work expeditiously to resolve same.
    * We will cooperate with the appropriate authorities to address any and all issues concerning the transmission of personal information that we have not been first able to resolve directly with the Complainant. If you have not received a timely acknowledgment of your complaint within 7 business days or if We have not resolved your Complaint within a reasonable period of time thereafter, please contact the local authorities.
    * By your use of the website, you agree that any and all disputes, issues, concerns arising from this Policy shall be adjudicated pursuant to the mechanisms delineated in [Our Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/terms/).
  3. #### NEED ASSISTANCE?

Should you need any assistance or would like to offer any comments/suggestions on this document, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/contact-us/).



