> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eatoutforfree.net privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101117004202id_/http%3A//eatoutforfree.net/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

**EatOutForFree.net PRIVACY POLICY**  
Last Modified September 14, 2010 

Your access to and use of EatOutForFree.net (together with all sites owned or operated by EatOutForFree.net, collectively called the "Site") will be subject to Supermarketgiveaways' Privacy Policy as set forth below. 

**You may receive a limited number of marketing offers and promotions from Supermarketgiveaways or our marketing partners via email.   If you do not wish to receive marketing offers and promotions via email, we ask that you carefully consider whether to complete the registration process. **

**How We Collect And Use Information:**

This Policy describes how we store and use the information you give us. Our registration form requests that you provide certain contact and profile information (like your name or e-mail address). 

We also collect information such as the identification of the server your computer is logged onto and whether you responded to e-mail messages delivered to you on our behalf. We also may compare our member list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending identical messages to our members. You can add and modify any of the information you have provided by following the instructions set forth below.

Cookies: A cookie is a small text file stored on a user’s computer for record-keeping purposes. We may use cookies to, among other things, save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the website. Many web browsers are automatically set to accept cookies. You may change your browser settings to either reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is about to be placed on your computer. Please note, however, that rejecting cookies while visiting the website may result in certain parts of the website not operating correctly or as efficiently as if they were allowed. For example, you may need to enter your username and password each time you visit member's only areas. 

We also provide links to external advertisers and marketing partner companies; these sites may choose to use cookies to better promote their products and services. These advertisers and marketing partner companies have their own privacy procedures and policies that are not controlled by us.  We encourage our users to be aware of the individual privacy policies of every Web site that the user contacts. 

Clear Gif's (Web Beacons/Web Bugs): We may also use clear gif's (also known as web beacons or web bugs) to help us determine what content on our site is most effective. Clear gif's are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users. We do not tie the information gathered by clear gif's to users’ personally identifiable information.

If you would like more information about cookies, clear gif’s and your choices, [click here](http://www.cookiecentral.com/faq/).

E-mail Links: In some instances we may include certain links in our e-mails that will allow us to monitor whether you access specific content or advertisements contained in that e-mail. When you click on one of these links, we will record that click and certain activities on the Web page associated with that link. We may use this information for various purposes, such as to conduct internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior in and to our e-mail advertisements and content, and to better understand and serve you.

We use all of this information in the following ways:  
1\. to provide you with personalized marketing information via email; and  
2\. to provide your contact information to our marketing partners to allow them to send you special offers via electronic delivery, telephone and/or direct mail. This most often occurs when you request that we do so such as when completing an online survey.   
We may also employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. Examples include sending direct and electronic mail, removing duplicate information from customer lists, analyzing data, and providing marketing analysis. These agents have access to members’ personal information as needed to perform their functions for us but we do not permit them to use it for other purposes.

Right to Sell/License Data: We may sell and/or license the personal information that you provide to us to third providers of email marketing services. 

  
**Disclosures:** We may disclose information about you and your use of our Web Site and Services if we believe such disclosure is reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with the law or legal process; (ii) to protect or defend the rights or property of us or others; (iii) to enforce the Website Terms and Conditions or this Privacy Policy; and (iv) to respond to claims that the content(s) of a communication violates the rights of another. In addition we may share or transfer information about you and that you provide to us, to one or more third party entities pursuant to a sale, merger, assignment, joint venture or other transfer or disposition of a portion, or all of, the assets or stock of our company or its affiliated entities, or as otherwise provided herein. We may also disclose information to allow third party business partners and affiliates deliver marketing offers to you.

**Security:** The Web Site has security measures in place intended to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our hardware infrastructure is housed in a controlled access facility that restricts access to authorized individuals with positive identification. Our network access to the infrastructure is protected by a firewall protection system. Member information is backed up on a periodic basis to protect against accidental loss. However, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us will not be intercepted by others and that information stored on our servers will be free from unauthorized access. While we have taken reasonable precautions to protect this information, you should always use discretion in what information you send to us and not expect that such information will be absolutely free from intrusion.

**Changing Your Status:**  Users at any time may unsubscribe to our electronic mailings by following the instructions that we include at the end of every mailing or by going to [http://EatOutForFree.net/unsub.php](https://web.archive.org/web/20101117004202id_/http%3A//eatoutforfree.net/unsub.php). To correct, update or request that we delete information you provided, please contact us via mail at 3830 Forest Drive Suite 207, Columbia, SC 29204., ATTN: Member Services or go [here](http://eatoutforfree.net/support).

  
**California Privacy Rights:** Beginning January 1, 2005 under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to either (1) a list detailing the categories of information shared and the entities to which such information was provided; or (2) be notified of a mechanism by which a consumer may opt-out of having their information shared with third parties. We have elected the second option.

For California residents to opt out of having your information shared with third parties send your request including your full name, email address and postal address to: California Privacy Compliance, 3830 Forest Drive Suite 207, Columbia, SC 29204. 

Updates: We may revise this Policy at any time in the future to (i) improve or modify the Service, (ii) reflect future developments in data information gathering, storing and release practices, (iii) comply with applicable laws, and (iv) reflect changes in business structure. Accordingly, you should review these terms and policy from time to time to check for updates. Your continued use of the Website shall evidence your acceptance of any changes.

DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES: THE SITE AND ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE FROM US OR ONE OF OUR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS AND IMPLIED, ARE DISCLAIMED TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE PUSUANT TO APPLICABLE LAW (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE DISCLAIMER OF ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE). IN PARTICULAR, BUT NOT AS A LIMITATION THEREOF, COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTY THAT: (A THE SITE, THE GIVEAWAY, THE PROGRAMS, PRIZES, GIFTS, AND ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE FROM US OR ONE OF OUR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (B) THE SITE, THE GIVEAWAY, THE PROGRAMS, PRIZES, GIFTS, AND ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE FROM US OR ONE OF OUR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; (C) THE APPLICABLE PRIZE OR GIFT WILL MEET WITH YOUR REQUIREMENTS AND/OR THAT ANY THIRD PARTY PARTNER WILL PERFORM ITS ASSOCIATED OBLIGATIONS IN A TIMELY OR SATISFACTORY MANNER; (D) YOU WILL QUALIFY FOR A GIFT BY COMPLETING ANY OF COMPANY’S THIRD PARTY PARTNERS’ PROGRAM TERMS; OR (E) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SITE, THE GIVEAWAY, THE PROGRAMS, PRIZES, GIFTS, AND ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE FROM US OR ONE OF OUR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE. THE SITE, THE GIVEAWAY, THE PROGRAMS, PRIZES, GIFTS, AND ANY PRODUCTS AND/OR SERVICES THAT YOU MAY RECEIVE FROM US OR ONE OF OUR THIRD PARTY PARTNERS, MAY CONTAIN BUGS, ERRORS, PROBLEMS OR OTHER LIMITATIONS. WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR THE AVAILABILITY OF THE UNDERLYING INTERNET CONNECTION ASSOCIATED WITH THE SITE. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM COMPANY, ANY OF ITS THIRD PARTY PARTNERS OR OTHERWISE THROUGH OR FROM THE SITE, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT.
