> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the deliv.co privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190506064832id_/https%3A//www.deliv.co/deliv-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Deliv Privacy Policy - Deliv

Deliv allows people using our technology and services to have merchandise purchased from participating retailers to be delivered directly to a person’s doorstep. Deliv knows that users of our technology and services care about how their personal information can be used and shared, and Deliv takes privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. By visiting the Deliv website or using our technology or services, you are accepting the practices outlined in this privacy policy (“ **Privacy Policy** ”).

This Privacy Policy covers Deliv’s treatment of personal information that Deliv may gather when you use our technology or services. In order to enable Deliv’s technology and services to deliver merchandise you order from a participating retailer, we will need certain personal information. You (or if the retailer has made Deliv a part of its order process, such retailer), will need to provide information about your order (which contains personal information), to Deliv. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of participating retailers, third parties that Deliv does not own or control, or to individuals that Deliv does not employ or manage. Participating merchants and retailers may have their own privacy policies that you should carefully review before providing them with your personal information.

**Notice to International Users:** Deliv‘s operations are located in the United States. If you provide information to us directly or through a participating retailer, the information will be transferred out of your region and into the U.S., and we may transfer your information to other countries in connection with our technology and services. You should know that each region may have its own privacy and data-security laws, some of which may be less stringent than those of your own region. By providing (or electing to have a participating retailer provide), personal information, you are consenting to its storage and use as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Protection of Children’s Privacy:** Deliv does not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information online from children under 13. If Deliv has knowledge that a child under the age of 13 has submitted personally identifiable information online without parental consent, it will take all reasonable measures to delete such information from its databases and to not use such information for any purpose (except where necessary to protect the safety of the child or others as required or allowed by law). If you become aware of any personally identifiable information Deliv has collected online from children under 13, please contact us immediately at [support@deliv.co](mailto:support@deliv.co)

**1.0 Information Collected by Deliv.**  
We may collect the following types of information from users of our technology and services:  
1.1 Information You Provide to Us: We may receive and store information you enter on our website or otherwise provide to us when using our technology or services in any other way.  
1.2 Information You Provide to Participating Retailers: We may receive and store information you provide to participating retailers if they offer our technology and services, and if you choose to have us deliver merchandise you purchase from them.  
1.3 Information We May Collect if You Use Our Technology and Services: In addition to any information that you choose to submit to us or that we receive from participating retailers, we and our third-party service providers may use a variety of technologies that automatically (or passively), collect certain information whenever you use our technology and services (“Usage Information”). We may use Usage Information for a variety of purposes, including, but not limited to: (a) measuring and collecting session information such as page response times; (b) enhancing or improving our technology and services; and (c) helping us identify the device(s) used to access our technology and services for fraud prevention and diagnostic purposes.  
1.4 Mobile Devices. If we make available a mobile device app, then when you download or use the Deliv app, we may receive information about your location and your mobile device (including a unique identifier for your device), which we would use to provide you with services, such as the estimated time of delivery. Most mobile devices allow you to turn off location services by changing the settings.

**2.0 Cookies and Web Beacons.**  
2.1 Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable a website to recognize your device and tell how and when pages in a website are visited and by how many people. Unlike many websites and similar services, Deliv does not use cookies to collect personal information.  
2.2 Web beacons are small graphic images or other web programming code (also known as “1×1 GIFs” or “clear GIFs”). Web beacons are used to track the online movements of Web users. Deliv does not use web beacons to collect personal information.  
2.3 Please note that Deliv does not (and can not), control the use of cookies or web beacons (or any resulting information), by participating retailers, and use of third party cookies or web beacons is not covered by this Privacy Policy.

**3.0 Sharing your Information.**  
3.1 Deliv Personnel. Deliv personnel and authorized consultants and/or contractors may have access to user information, but only if necessary in the normal course of Deliv business. In order to allow you to use our services at multiple participating retailers, we will store past delivery information to create a “profile” so that such information does not need to be entered each time you make: (a) a subsequent purchase from a participating merchant that you have previously purchased from; or (b) a purchase from a participating merchant that you have not purchased from before.  
3.2 Participating Retailers and Third-Party Service Providers. We engage with participating retailers and other companies and individuals to perform functions using our technologies and services and/or on our behalf. Examples include hosting our website, fulfilling orders, delivering packages, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.  
3.3 Business Transfers. In some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Moreover, if Deliv, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, user information would be one of the assets that are transferred.  
3.4 Lawful Disclosure. We reserve the right to disclose your information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our employees, contractors or customers, our users, or others and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our website  
3.5 With Your Consent. Except as noted above, we will contact you when your personal information is shared with third parties or used for a purpose incompatible with the purpose(s) for which it was originally collected, and you will be able to opt out to prevent the sharing of this information.

**4.0 No Links to Other Sites and No Third-party Advertisers**  
4.1 The Deliv website does not contain links to other sites that are not owned or controlled by us.  
4.2 Deliv does not allow other companies to serve advertisements to the Deliv website.

**5.0 Choice/Opt-out.**  
Deliv will provide you the opportunity to “opt-out” of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, if Deliv asks you for this information. We respect your privacy. You may opt-out of receiving communications from Deliv, remove your information from Deliv’s active database, and choose to not receive future communications unrelated to our technology and services by contacting us. For communications from participating merchants and retailers, please check their respective opt-in/opt-out policies.

**6.0 Access to Personally Identifiable Information.**  
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire to use our technologies or services, please contact us at the email address listed below.

**7.0 Security.**  
The security of your personal information is important to us. We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. When you provide (and when we receive from participating retailers), sensitive information, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, while we will use commercially reasonable means to protect and ensure the security of your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security and disclaim any liability for any unauthorized access to or use of our servers and/or any and all personal and/or financial information stored therein.

**8.0 Changes in this Privacy Statement.**  
We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.

**9.0 Contact Us.**  
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our Privacy Policy, please contact us at: [support@deliv.co](mailto:support@deliv.co)
