> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the delphiglass.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101229085547id_/http%3A//www.delphiglass.com/page/main_security) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy And Security Info At Delphi Glass

**PRIVACY POLICY** **Information Collection and Use** Delphi Creativity Group is the sole owner of information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to any outside parties. The information collected is used to process orders and better serve you with pertinent information, such as order confirmations and tracking numbers. Information collected includes your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, and payment information such as your credit card number. You may also submit a username and password of your choice for your future access to your account information. To safeguard that your user name and password remain confidential, DO NOT share this information with anyone. If you elect to receive our newsletter or special promotions, your contact information will be used for the delivery of these items. We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site. **Registration** In order to process your orders placed on this website, you must first complete the registration form. During registration, you will be required to provide your contact information, which includes your name, e-mail address, telephone number and street address. This information is used to provide you with important DelphiGlass.com services such as automated order status updates via e-mail. **Order** Most of the information collected in the registration process will be used to process orders. During the order process, you will have to provide payment information such as your credit card number, expiration date, money order, wire transfer or check information. This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill your order. If we have trouble processing an order, we will use your contact information to get in touch with you. To properly process your credit card information, we must share your credit card information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval. This process is protected by an enhanced security system. See the Security section below for more details on security measures and procedures. We do not share any personal or payment information with any other third parties. **Cookies** We customize certain Web page content based upon your browser type and other information provided by our cookies. If you choose to reject the cookie, you can still browse our store but will be unable to use the shopping cart to buy merchandise. The DelphiGlass.com shopping cart cannot function without cookies enabled so that the necessary information to process your order is retained. If you disable cookies, DelphiGlass.com will be unable to accept your online order. We will not share any personally identifiable information provided by this cookie with any third party. We will, however, link data stored in cookies to the personally identifiable information you submitted while on our site. This allows us to personalize your shopping experience. **Artist Gallery** The Artist Gallery is provided by the DelphiGlass.com website where artists from around the world can come together to share their work and provide inspiration and creativity. Delphi Creativity Group reserves the right to not post or remove any entry for any reason. Gallery submission grants Delphi Creativity Group permission to publish individual's face and/or project photographs or likeness as well as first and last names in a variety of marketing formats. Photographs may be used only for promotional purposes in various print advertisements, Delphi Glass publications, Delphi Glass HTML email transmissions and the Delphi Glass website. Images will be used only in a positive and professional manner. 

By posting into this section you represent and warrant that: (i) you own the content posted by you or otherwise have the right to grant the license set forth in this section, and (ii) the posting of your content does not violate the privacy rights, publicity rights, copyrights, contract rights or any other rights of any person. You agree to pay for all royalties, fees, and any other monies owing any person by reason of any content posted by you to DelphiGlass.com. Resale of Artist Gallery entries or Free Pattern Exchange entries or their likenesses is prohibited. Delphi Creativity Group respects the rights of copyright holders and publishers and requires all users to confirm they own the copyright or have permission from the copyright holder to upload content. We comply with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) and promptly remove content when properly notified. DelphiGlass.com reserves the right to post or remove any Artist Gallery or Free Pattern Exchange entry at its discretion. **Trademarks** All trademarks not owned by Delphi Creativity Group that appear on this site are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Delphi Creativity Group. **Security**

Delphi Creativity Group takes precautions to protect its customers' information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. 

When our registration/order form asks you to enter sensitive information (such as your credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the latest encryption software currently available in the industry - SSL. DelphiGlass.com uses the most advanced form of SSL software available: 128-bit encryption by GoDaddy.com. To learn more about SSL, follow this link [www.godaddy.com](http://www.godaddy.com/). 

Access to all of our users' information is restricted. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. All Delphi Creativity Group servers, including web servers and database servers, are housed and maintained in secure locations. Access to the database is strictly monitored and protected from outside access. Internet access is restricted and protected by multiple Cisco firewalls and password protection. If you have any questions or concerns about Delphi Creativity Group's security practices, you can send us an email at [service@delphiglass.com](mailto:service@delphiglass.com). **Correction/Updating/Reviewing Personal Information** Customers may change or review their stored account information such as street address or e-mail address through our website by visiting our Customer Service section. You must have your username and password in order to access your account. In the event you forget both your username and password, please contact our customer service department for assistance. **Choice/Opt-out** Users who no longer wish to receive DelphiGlass.com newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by visiting our Customer Service section and clicking the name of the newsletter you wish to opt-out of. This will change the text next to it to "Unsubscribed". You must have your username and password in order to access your account. Another option is to visit [http://clerk.delphiglass.com](http://clerk.delphiglass.com/) and follow the on-screen instructions. All promotional emails and newsletters also provide a link to automatically unsubscribe. **Notification of Changes** If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our homepage. 

If you have opted out of receiving communications from DelphiGlass.com, you will still be able to view news of policy changes at www.delphiglass.com. Otherwise, you may e-mail us at [webmaster@delphiglass.com](mailto:webmaster@delphiglass.com) or call us toll free at (800) 248-2048 to ask our customer service department about changes and updates. 

Delphi Creativity Group  
3380 East Jolly Road  
Lansing, MI. 48910
