> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the delta-search.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190721044914id_/http%3A//delta-search.com/about/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# None

This privacy policy applies to the Toolbar and Search Software and each of the related Web sites (the "Web Sites") maintained by Babylon Ltd. ("we" or "us"). In the event of any inconsistency between this privacy policy and a policy listed on one of the other Web Sites, this policy shall control. Collection of data. Cookies. When you visit the Babylon Ltd.'s Web Sites or use the Search Software, we may place a small text file-called a "cookie"-on your computer that allows us to improve the quality of our service, and to store your preferences and settings. This cookie contains non -personal data such as your operation system, browser version and country. We use the non - personal data stored in the cookie for the purpose of enabling fast loading of our websites. If you don’t want to receive cookies, you can modify your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse cookies altogether. You can also delete cookies that have already been set. If you wish to restrict or block web browser cookies which are set on your device then you can do this through your browser settings. Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of desktop browsers. Collection of non - personal data. We do not collect personal data (for example we do not collect names and phone numbers). We collect non- personal data necessary to enable certain features in the Toolbar Platform. Babylon Ltd. is the entity that collects the data either through the Software or as a result of the Software being installed or used (including through third party software being downloaded through the Toolbar and/or Search Software). Babylon Ltd. is committed to its users’ data security and takes serious steps for the maximum data security. We gather certain non – personal data such as your operation system, browser version and country. We use such data for statistical purposes, in an anonymize way to analyze trends and to gather demographic data to better provide our services. How do we collect this data? The search feature sends a request to our servers from time to time including while processing a search query that you have inputted. This request includes the keyword query, source (Toolbar, IE bar, related links, etc…) and other HTTP data transferred automatically by the browser (such as User Agent). We use this information in order to properly process your search request, downloads facilitated by the Search Software and to make our Services, offers and advertising communication with you more relevant to your interest. For example, this data provides us with information on which language you prefer to use and the country from which you performed the search. Such data is recorded on a non-personally identifiable basis and is kept strictly anonymous. Sharing information with third parties In order to provide you with the services, we will share search term, your country and your browser information with Oath (known as Yahoo!) or others search results providers, our search partner who provides you with certain aspects of the search services and capabilities, including the results of your search queries. To learn more about information collected by Yahoo!, we encourage you to visit Yahoo!’s privacy policy. If any of the Web Sites or the Software is ever sold or all or substantially all of the assets relating to a Web Site or the Software are transferred to another entity, we may transfer all data provided by or collected from you, in order to ensure continuity of your service. We will disclose data collected by us, where required by a subpoena, interception order or other lawful process. We also reserve the right to disclose such data when we believe, in our sole judgment and to the extent consistent with applicable law, that such disclosure is necessary to protect the rights or safety of others or to enforce, or protect our rights under, this policy and the terms of use. How to contact Us If you have any concerns or questions with respect to any matter covered by this Privacy Policy, you may contact us by email at: info@delta-search.com or at the following address: 4 HaNehoshet St Tel Aviv Israel Tel: +972-3-5382103 Last updated: June 2018 
