> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the otrs.org privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606181441id_/https%3A//www.otrs.com/company/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement - otrs.com

**OTRS Group has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy while visiting our Web site. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for www.otrs.com (the “OTRS Group Web sites”) and blog.otrs.com (the “OTRS Blog”). OTRS Group reserves the right to update this policy as these sites evolve and new sites are added.**

## Visits to the North American OTRS Inc. Web Sites

Anyone may visit the OTRS Inc. Web sites and access information while remaining anonymous, and without revealing detailed personal information. However, there are areas of the OTRS Inc. Web sites that are password protected and may require the user to enter personal information in order to gain entry. Any such information is used strictly for user verification purposes only.

OTRS Inc. aims to be 508 compliant. Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 requires, with certain exceptions, that our Federal Customers comply with certain accessibility requirements when developing, procuring, maintaining, or using electronic and information technology. OTRS Inc. considers Section 508 standards when designing its offerings. We are also committed to working with our Federal customers as they evaluate their Section 508 compliance.

## OTRS Inc.’s Use of Personal Information

OTRS Inc. will endeavor to take appropriate steps to protect the privacy of the information you share with us. Whenever you give OTRS Inc. sensitive personal information, OTRS Inc. will take commercially reasonable steps to establish a secure connection with your web browser. The information we collect may be used to improve the content of our Web sites, customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, or for marketing purposes.

## Name, Mailing Address and E-Mail Address

Throughout the Web sites, OTRS Inc. collects this personal user information to fulfill orders and requests made on-line. Additionally, on some forms, OTRS Inc. collects this personal information to include users in future OTRS Inc. mailings about products, news, and events.

Telephone numbers collected on forms throughout the site are stored in OTRS Inc.’s databases are used solely for the purpose of verifying requests made on-line.

## Personal Information and Third Parties

OTRS Inc. does not provide any personal information obtained through its Websites to third parties.

OTRS Inc. uses cookie technology to retain information about site visitors. Cookies are used throughout the site on various forms to retain personal information, such as name, address, phone, etc., so that if the user fills out another form on OTRS Inc.’s site, this information is automatically transferred into the appropriate fields in the new form. OTRS Inc.’s cookies are “client-side,” and are deleted once the user closes his/her browser. If you do not wish to have a cookie used on OTRS Inc.’s site, you may need to alter your settings in your browser. After altering your browser settings, you will be alerted each time a cookie is being activated, and you may choose to reject cookies on a case-by-case basis.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. In case of activation of the IP anonymization, Google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the IP address for Member States of the European Union as well as for other parties to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases, the full IP address is sent to and shortened by Google servers in the USA. On behalf of the website provider Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. However, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore you can prevent Google’s collection and use of data (cookies and IP address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under <https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-GB.>  
You can refuse the use of Google Analytics by clicking on the following link. An opt-out cookie will be set on the computer, which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website:  
Disable Google Analytics

Further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at <http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html> or at <https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk/policies/>. Please note that on this website, Google Analytics code is supplemented by “anonymizeIp” to ensure an anonymized collection of IP addresses (so called IP-masking).
