> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the otrs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161101113956id_/https%3A//www.otrs.com/company/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement - otrs.com

**OTRS Group has created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy while visiting our Web site. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for www.otrs.com (the “OTRS Group Web sites”). OTRS Group reserves the right to update this policy as these sites evolve and new sites are added.**

## Visits to the North American OTRS Inc. Web Sites

Anyone may visit the OTRS Inc. Web sites and access information while remaining anonymous, and without revealing detailed personal information. However, there are areas of the OTRS Inc. Web sites that are password protected and may require the user to enter personal information in order to gain entry. Any such information is used strictly for user verification purposes only.

OTRS Inc. aims to be 508 compliant. Section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 requires, with certain exceptions, that our Federal Customers comply with certain accessibility requirements when developing, procuring, maintaining, or using electronic and information technology. OTRS Inc. considers Section 508 standards when designing its offerings. We are also committed to working with our Federal customers as they evaluate their Section 508 compliance.

## OTRS Inc.’s Use of Personal Information

OTRS Inc. will endeavor to take appropriate steps to protect the privacy of the information you share with us. Whenever you give OTRS Inc. sensitive personal information, OTRS Inc. will take commercially reasonable steps to establish a secure connection with your web browser. The information we collect may be used to improve the content of our Web sites, customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor, or for marketing purposes.

## Name, Mailing Address and E-Mail Address

Throughout the Web sites, OTRS Inc. collects this personal user information to fulfill orders and requests made on-line. Additionally on some forms, OTRS Inc. collects this personal information to include users in future OTRS Inc. mailings about products, news and events.

Telephone numbers collected on forms throughout the site are stored in OTRS Inc.’s databases are used solely for the purpose of verifying requests made on-line.

## Personal Information and Third Parties

OTRS Inc. does not provide any personal information obtained through its Web sites to third parties.

OTRS Inc. uses cookie technology to retain information about site visitors. Cookies are used throughout the site on various forms to retain personal information, such as name, address, phone, etc., so that if the user fills out another form on OTRS Inc.’s site, this information is automatically transferred into the appropriate fields in the new form. OTRS Inc.’s cookies are “client-side,” and are deleted once the user closes his/her browser. If you do not wish to have a cookie used on OTRS Inc.’s site, you may need to alter your settings in your browser. After altering your browser settings, you will be alerted each time a cookie is being activated, and you may choose to reject cookies on a case-by-case basis.

This website uses the open source software Piwik to analyze and optimize the user experience. Piwik uses cookies (text files) for its analysis. Information generated by these cookies (IP addresses are anonymized) will be stored on the server of the OTRS AG in Germany. You may refuse the tracking of your data by opting out using the link below. However, if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website services.
