> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the taxcut.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061230163635id_/http%3A//www.taxcut.com/privacy/index.html%3FWT.svl%3D1008) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**November 2006**

**H &R BLOCK PRIVACY POLICY FOR THE TAX CUT® WEB SITE, WEB-BASED TAX SERVICES AND SOFTWARE **

Protecting your privacy is fundamental to our business at H&R Block Digital Tax Solutions, LLC (“H&R Block DTS”). This privacy policy explains the types of information we may collect from you, and informs you how we may use or disclose that information. We are providing this privacy policy as required by law. We honor all applicable privacy regulations, and we further strive to operate our business in a manner that justifies your choice of H&R Block DTS products and/or services. 

**What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?**  
This policy describes the privacy practices of H&R Block DTS in its provision of online and software-based tax preparation programs and related services, and certain other self-help software. This privacy policy applies to users of: i) the TaxCut Web site located at [www.taxcut.com](https://web.archive.org/index.html) (the “Site”) including any online tax preparation tools or software accessed through the Site, and ii) TaxCut® desktop computer software program and any other software programs provided by H&R Block DTS that interface with the Site or our servers through your Internet browser ("Software"). This policy does not apply to your use of tax preparation services at retail offices of H&R Block. This policy also does not apply to our affiliates, which are companies related to H&R Block DTS by common ownership or control, because these companies may be subject to different regulations and/or may have different operating practices. Our affiliates include, but are not limited to, H&R Block Services, Inc., H&R Block Financial Advisors, Inc. and H&R Block Mortgage Corporation. 

H&R Block DTS is a licensee of the TRUSTe Privacy Program. TRUSTe is an independent, non-profit organization whose mission is to build users’ trust and confidence in the Internet by promoting the use of fair information practices. Because H&R Block DTS wants to demonstrate its commitment to your privacy, we have our privacy practices reviewed for compliance by TRUSTe. 

**NOTE: The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through this Site and your use of our online tax programs, and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from this Site or via any desktop software program.**  


**We May Collect the Following Types of Information About You.**  


  * We may collect information when you request service or information from us or companies with whom we have business relationships. 
  * We may collect information when you enter contests or sweepstakes, or complete surveys or polls. This information may include personally identifiable information such as your name, address, e-mail address and payment or billing information. 
  * Portions of our Site are made available to you without registration. When you use calculators and other tools on segments of our Site that do not require registration, we may collect data that is not personally identifiable from such tools, such as the number of people who use a certain tool. We may also set cookies, GUIDs or clear gifs (as explained below) based upon your use of calculators and other tools. These cookies, GUIDs, and clear gifs help us to customize offers, tools and functions based on your particular interests. 
  * When you use our office locator service, we may collect data such as address or zip code information so that we can better assess the level of interest in our services in a particular area, and the effectiveness of the locator tool in helping clients actually use our services. 
  * We may collect information when you prepare or electronically file your tax return using our online or Software-based tax programs and services. This information, referred to in this policy as “tax return information,” includes, for example, your name, address and certain other data such as your social security number, income and deductions data, and other information about you and your dependents that you provide to prepare or file your tax return. 
  * We may collect information in connection with transactions you complete or propose to complete with us, our affiliates or their franchisees. This information may include, for example, your name, address and certain other “nonpublic personal information” such as checking, debit and credit account numbers, balances and payment history, income, assets, and social security number. “Tax return information” and “nonpublic personal information” may be collectively referred to as “personal information” in this policy. This information may also include system information, such as your operating system version, internet protocol (IP) address and the number of times you electronically file using the Software and Site from which your tax return preparation originated. The Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) requires us to collect certain system information in connection with electronic filing. 
  * We may collect personal information about you from the IRS and other third parties, such as credit reporting agencies, in connection with tax preparation or other services you complete or propose to complete with us, our affiliates, or non affiliated third parties (e.g., personal information about your tax return, tax refund, electronic payment of tax preparation or e-filing fees, or tax return related loans). 
  * We, our affiliates, or non-affiliated third party service providers with whom we have business relationships may collect information about you when you submit rebate forms, seek technical support, purchase Software via the Site, install or register your Software or create an account using our online tax preparation products. We may also collect similar information when your Software otherwise interacts with our Site or servers. This information may include, for example, your name, telephone number, mailing address and e-mail address, system information and configuration, account number and demographic information. 
  * We collect other information about you and your use of our services through the use of various technologies to help manage our Site, to save our customers time, and to understand more about the way our customers interact with us and use our Software. These technologies include cookies, clear GIFs, log files, and GUIDs. Because the operation of these technologies is not visible to users, we believe in being open and upfront about the way we use these technologies and their purposes. 
    * **Internet Cookies**. A “cookie” is a term for alphanumeric identifiers that a Web server transfers to your computer via your Internet browser. When your Internet browser visits a Web page, a cookie is set with a unique, anonymous number. This number is recorded in a small text file that is transmitted to your computer and stored in the cookie directory of your hard drive. Then, when you visit each Web page on which the cookie technology is enabled, the Site can recognize your browser as a unique, anonymous user. Some common purposes of cookies are to enhance the usability of our Site, to ensure that your browser does not see the same ad or message over and over again, and to measure the number of unique visitors that have viewed a particular ad or visited a particular Web page. Cookies are also used for ad reporting functions such as to learn which ads are bringing users to our Site. This can help us tailor our ads and enhance our Site for your needs. Unless you consent, we do not collect personally identifiable information from you through the use of cookies. We do permit cookies to interface with GUID's (discussed below). 
    * **Clear GIFS**. We also employ a software technology called a clear GIF (Graphics Interchange Format), also known as a pixel tag or Web beacon. A clear GIF is a line of code that we place on our Site or in e-mails which allows us to analyze our advertising and the general usage patterns of visitors to our Sites. These help us better manage content on our Site by informing us what content or promotions are effective. Unless you consent, we do not collect personally identifiable information from you through the use of clear GIFS. We do permit clear GIFS to interface with GUIDs (discussed below). 
    * **Log Files**. Like most standard Web site servers, H&R Block DTS uses log files. In addition, certain of our Software use a similar technology. Log files track Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks. We utilize this information to analyze trends, administer the Site, prevent fraud, track Site and Software navigation in the aggregate and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. 
    * **Client Identifiers (GUIDs)**. We assign a global unique identifier (GUID) when you use our Software (if you electronically file your tax return) and when you use Software that interfaces with the Site or our servers through your Internet browser. The GUID is a unique alphanumeric combination. In some cases we may assign a GUID when you connect to our server to install the Software, receive Software updates, print and mail, switch among various H&R Block tax preparation methods, or when you choose to give us feedback via one of our in-product surveys. While the GUID does not itself contain any data, in some cases it does allow us to match your information, which may include personal information, with data collected by our Software or through your use of our Site. Generally, we look at the results of such data matching on an aggregated basis and use the results to help us better understand your use of our products and services. 



The primary third party service provider we currently use to manage these technologies is Omniture. For more information about the practices of this company or to decline cookies from this third-party ad server you may visit their Web site directly at <http://www.omniture.com/privacy/product>. In addition, the aforementioned site also provides information about their privacy policy and opt-out procedure. We may engage different providers to provide similar services from time to time. 

You may also adjust your Internet browser settings to decline cookies placed directly by H&R Block DTS; however, this will impair your ability to use our Site and services. The cookies of third party advertisers such as Omniture are subject to their own opt-out procedures for cookies. Be aware that a third party opt-out cookie may not disable cookies on our Site. 

The IRS requires H&R Block DTS to retain filed tax returns for a period of at least three years. It is H&R Block DTS' policy that if you start, but do not complete a tax return in our online tax programs, we will generally keep the tax return information you provide until the end of the tax season. 

**How We May Disclose Your Information.**  
H&R Block DTS’ disclosure of your personal information is controlled by one or more of the following: Section 7216 of the Internal Revenue Code, the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act of 1999, certain other laws, and H&R Block DTS policies. We may disclose any of the categories of personal information that we collect (as described above) subject to the terms of this privacy policy. 

Section 7216 of the Internal Revenue Code requires that we have your consent (“opt in”) before we disclose your tax return information to affiliates or non-affiliated third parties except the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and law enforcement officials, and except for certain other lawful purposes. Where this consent is required, we will not disclose your tax return information without your consent. Information that is identical to specific elements of your tax return information, such as name and address, may not be subject to Section 7216 if we also collect this information for purposes other than filing your tax return. In these situations we may disclose such information as described in this policy and as required or permitted by law (but without regard to Section 7216). 

We do not share your nonpublic personal information with non-affiliated third parties for marketing purposes except as permitted by the Gramm-Leach Bliley Act or other applicable law. In addition, we do not sell or rent your personal information to third party direct marketers. 

We may disclose your personal information as described below where you have provided consent under Section 7216 (where required), or as otherwise permitted by applicable laws. 

  * We may disclose your information to H&R Block DTS affiliates engaged in banking, investment, insurance or other financial services activities in order to provide you with service enhancements and product opportunities that we believe may interest you. 
  * We may disclose your personal information to financial intuitions with which we have joint marketing agreements. We require all joint marketers to have written contracts with us that specify appropriate use of your personal information, require them to take steps to safeguard your personal information, and prohibit them from making unauthorized or unlawful use of your personal information. If a state law (or other law) requires us to give you the right to opt-out prior to any disclosure of your personal information for joint marketing, we will not disclose your personal information for such purposes without providing such opt-out or obtaining your consent. 
  * We may disclose your personal information to service providers who perform business functions on our behalf. Services such organizations could perform on our behalf may include, for example, check printing, data processing and analysis, contest supervision, and direct mail or e-mail production. We require all H&R Block DTS service providers to have written contracts with us that specify appropriate use of your personal information, require them to take steps to safeguard your personal information, and prohibit them from making unauthorized or unlawful use of your personal information. 
  * We may disclose your personal information to affiliates or non-affiliated third parties for other purposes permitted or required by law. Such purposes may include, for example, processing or fulfilling a service you request, or selling or transferring our business or assets. 
  * We also may disclose your personal information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Site Terms of Service Agreement, or may otherwise be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other Site users or customers, or anyone else that might be harmed by such activities. 
  * If you elect to obtain a refund anticipation loan, a revolving line of credit to pay your tax liability, or if you elect to pay your tax preparation or electronic filing fees from your tax refund, you will be presented with a loan application and agreement and/or refund processing agreement. By accepting these agreements and signing the consent form presented to you, are authorizing H&R Block DTS to disclose your personal information to the lending bank. You should review all of these documents and the privacy policies of the lending bank to understand how it may use and disclose your personal information. 
  * The IRS requires that we disclose certain information to it in connection with your electronic filing of a tax return. This information may include your internet protocol (IP) address. 
  * We may disclose your personal information to affiliates or non-affiliated third parties (including government entities) when we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is required by law. This may occur in connection with a court order, legal process, or other judicial, administrative or investigative proceeding that produces a request for personal information from H&R Block DTS. 
  * If H&R Block DTS becomes involved in a bankruptcy, merger, acquisition or any form of sale of some or all of its assets, personal information may be one of the transferred business assets. In such case, the transferred personal information may become subject to a different privacy policy. 



**How You Will Know If Our Privacy Policy Changes.**  
If we make a material change to this privacy policy, including a material change in the way we disclose your information or a material change of policy due to a sale or transfer or our business, we will notify you at least 30 days prior to the effective date of such a change. We will notify you by using one of the following methods: (1) we will post a notice on our Site at [www.taxcut.com/privacy](https://web.archive.org/privacy/) describing the change; or (2) we will send you e-mail notifying you of the change. You may also have additional rights under state or federal law in the event of a change in our privacy policy. 

**Updates or Changes to Your Personal Information.**  
If you are a user of an H&R Block DTS online tax preparation product and your personal account information changes or if you feel that the information that we have collected about you is inaccurate, you may update the information by signing into your account. H&R Block DTS cannot change information in your filed tax return. You must file an amended tax return to make changes to a filed tax return. 

**How We Protect Your Information.**  
H&R Block DTS maintains policies and procedures designed to restrict access to your personal information in several ways. These include programs and specifications for physical security and records retention and disposal; computer and communication security measures reflected in system design, password protection, and data management practices; and other measures to restrict access to the data we hold in physical and electronic forms. When you enter sensitive information in our online tax programs, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer (SSL) technology. When you use our online tax preparation tools, remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you have finished your work. This is to ensure that others cannot access your account by using your computer when you are away from it. Because of the global nature of the Internet, when you give us information, that information may be sent electronically to servers outside of the country where you originally entered the information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. On portions of the Site which are not encrypted as discussed above, information that you disclose could be collected and used by others. 

**Third Party Products and Services and Links to Third Party Sites.**  
H&R Block DTS' Software and the Site may contain links to third party Web sites or offers for services from third parties. Examples may include offers for refund anticipation loans or other loans offered through a third party bank, tax payment options and promotions for capital gains or investment software, tools or services. For any such third party products or services, you should carefully read the privacy policies of the third parties providing such products or services. This privacy policy applies solely to services provided by H&R Block DTS, and not to products or services offered by a third party. When you request products or services of a third party on our Site, you are providing consent to us to provide your personal information to such party to fulfill your request. If you are a member of a third party site that has a relationship with H&R Block DTS, that site may use Internet cookies or similar means to determine if you purchase a product or service at H&R Block DTS in order to credit your account at such site with a bonus or incentive; however, H&R Block DTS does not pass any personally identifiable information to such third party site. 

**Children Under Age 13.**  
Because of the financial nature of the services we provide, we do not market our Site to children under the age of 13. 

**How You May Opt-Out of Information Sharing or Otherwise Control Use of Your Information.**  
We give you choice and control over the use of your personal information. We provide you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and companies with which we do business. We also provide you with the opportunity to opt-out of certain information sharing. You may not opt-out of the sharing of information that does not identify you personally. You may limit marketing communications from H&R Block DTS as follows. 

  * H&R Block DTS may use information you provide (subject to your consent, where required) to communicate with you about products and services available through H&R Block DTS or third parties. If at any time you wish to limit your receipt of such marketing communications you may [click here](https://web.archive.org/privacy/optout/optout.jsp?disp=1). At your request and subject to the limitations below, we will make reasonable efforts to limit all such marketing communications to you. In addition, when we send you marketing emails, we will generally include in each email a method to enable you to indicate your preference not to receive further emails. 
  * Even if you opt-out from marketing communications, we may still provide you with information and notices that we deem important or required to complete your transactions with us. These may include legal notices, information about the status of your tax return or tax return filing, information and products that relate to corrections in your tax return, and other information or inquiries about your accounts and transactions with H&R Block DTS and its affiliates. 



The above paragraphs only apply to personal information H&R Block DTS obtains through the Site and your use of H&R Block DTS online tax programs and other Software programs, so you could still receive offers through H&R Block DTS, its affiliates or franchisees where they obtain your contact information through other sources. In order to opt-out from communications from our affiliates or franchisees, you may contact each such affiliate or franchisee separately in accordance with their policies. 

**Contact for Questions or Concerns.**  
If you have questions or concerns regarding this privacy policy, contact H&R Block DTS by [clicking here](mailto:privacypolicy@hrblock.com). If you do not receive acknowledgment of your inquiry or your inquiry has not been satisfactorily addressed, you may then contact TRUSTe at <http://truste.org/consumers/watchdog_complaint.php>. 

Policy effective date November 2006  
Tax Cut is a registered trademark of H&R Block Digital Tax Solutions.  
© 2006 H&R Block Digital Tax Solutions, LLC. All rights reserved. 
