> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dealigg.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181014134539id_/http%3A//www.dealigg.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

## **Dealigg.com -- Privacy Policy**

We can be reached via e-mail at admin@dealigg.com For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible). We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart. Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). With respect to Ad Servers: To try and bring you offers that are of interest to you, we have relationships with other companies that we allow to place ads on our Web pages. As a result of your visit to our site, ad server companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of: Upon request we provide site visitors with access to no information that we have collected and that we maintain about them. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address. If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number. 
