> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dealsaver.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171212062028id_/http%3A//dealsaver.com/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# dealsaver® Privacy Policy

Effective Date: 11-15-12

To view the previous Privacy Policy, [click here](https://web.archive.org/web/20171212062028id_/http%3A//dealsaver.com/privacy_policy_legacy.html).

dealsaver.com ("dealsaver.com", "we", "our") has a firm commitment to privacy. We take your privacy concerns seriously and want to make reasonable efforts to address them as we strive to offer our Site visitors a high quality, interactive and personalized experience. This Privacy Policy explains our position on information gathering and how we intend to use and share any information we collect. This Privacy Policy applies only to information collected by dealsaver.com and does not apply to information obtained or used by The McClatchy Company’s individual newspapers or its affiliates through other means. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy shall have the meanings set forth in the Terms of Service.

You understand and agree that, by visiting dealsaver.com and its affiliated sites (“Sites”), you are accepting, without modification, this Privacy Policy. If you disagree with any portion of this Privacy Policy, then your only option is to not use dealsaver.com.

dealsaver.com collects and stores personally identifiable information such as your name, address, and e-mail address. The information that we collect and store about you depends on the page you visit and the services in which you elect to participate. We use this information to operate our services, improve the quality of our services, offer you opportunities we think will interest you, and better tailor the merchant deals and advertising you see from us to suit you. This information is not shared with anyone outside of The McClatchy Company’s individual newspapers and dealsaver.com except as provided for in this Privacy Policy or as explained at the time the information is collected. More specifics on the information we collect and how we use it are outlined within this Privacy Policy.

This Privacy Policy is subject to change from time to time by dealsaver.com and your continued use of dealsaver.com and any of its Sites means you agree to, without modification, the revisions. If you are a registered member of dealsaver.com, you will be notified of material revisions to this Privacy Policy via an e-mail message to the e-mail address that you provided at registration. If you are not a registered member of dealsaver.com, you may view revisions to this Privacy Policy on this page. Material changes to this Privacy Policy will be indicated by a revised effective date at the top left hand corner of this page. Whether or not you are a registered member of dealsaver.com, it is your responsibility to check back and review this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the most current terms. Should you object to any such modifications to this Privacy Policy or become dissatisfied with dealsaver.com in any way, your only option is to immediately terminate your membership and discontinue use of dealsaver.com and any of its affiliated Sites. You can terminate your membership by sending your request via dealsaver.com’s Contact Us page. If you have registered for dealsaver.com in more than one city, please list any or all cities to which your termination of membership is to apply in your request. Otherwise, continuing to use the dealsaver.com Sites and services after the effective date means that you agree to be bound by the changes, without modification.

##### 1\. Information We Collect

Access to certain special content, services and features on the dealsaver.com Sites may require users to become registered members at dealsaver.com. Member registration may require you to provide certain personally identifiable information, such as your name, e-mail address, street address, zip code, telephone number, gender, and date of birth. If you choose to purchase a daily deal or other offer, we also require credit card and billing information. For more information about how we use your credit card and billing information, see the Section below titled "Electronic commerce". You will be asked to select a member name and password so that you have access to this information and can revise it in the future. At registration you will have the opportunity to opt out of subscribing to e-mail newsletters and alerts sent to you on behalf of dealsaver.com and its advertisers.

Some features and services of dealsaver.com may require additional personally identifiable information or other demographic information. We may collect other personally identifiable information when you provide feedback, comments, engage in chat, message boards, interactive forums, social networking areas of our Sites or participate in surveys, or if you contact us offline at dealsaver.com or any of The McClatchy Company’s individual newspapers, their websites and social networking sites. For example, when you enter contests you will be asked to also provide your phone number so that we can reach you in the event you have won a prize. All users may decline to share such information with us, by choosing not to register on dealsaver.com or not to use our services. Only registered members, however, may access certain content, services and features.

You may also be asked to create a separate registration account with some of the services provided by partners and other third-party providers on dealsaver.com. Be aware that the information collected by a third-party provider will be subject to that provider's privacy policy and terms of service, rather than this Privacy Policy. We, therefore, recommend you review the privacy policy of each third-party service provider with whom you interact and each Web site you visit prior to submitting information in connection therewith.

If you wish to forward a deal offer, Certificate, article or other dealsaver.com content to a friend, we will ask that you provide your friend's name and e-mail address. While we may collect statistics on which deals are forwarded, we do not sell, rent, or market your friend's personal information, and retain the information only as long as necessary to provide this service. We also collect information that you provide us about other people when you purchase dealsaver Certificates as gifts, including those persons’ contact information you share at time of purchase. We will also create a transaction record of your gift to those persons.

If you use a social media platform or your mobile device (or other method of communication) to interact with dealsaver.com or any of The McClatchy Company’s individual newspapers, their websites and their social networking areas, the application may have a specific privacy statement that governs the use of personal information related to that application. For example, if you use a dealsaver.com mobile application and your mobile device’s settings allow it, we may collect mobile location information from your device. Our application may be designed to collect information even if you are not logged into the dealsaver.com application or the sites. If you have questions about the security and privacy settings of your mobile device, please refer to instructions from your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings.

We may also collect information about you and your friends who use dealsaver.com from any social network you may have connected from, in order to provide you with a more personalized experience. For instance, we may collect your user name or profile information that you have permitted to be displayed through dealsaver.com in order to display you as a friend or in association with your profile and connections.

We may receive personal information about you from other sources with which you have registered, companies who we have partnered with (collectively, “Partners”) or other third parties. We may associate this information with the other personal information we have collected about you, for example linking your deal redemption information received from a merchant to your account.

##### 2\. Passive Data Collection and Use

Like most Web sites, dealsaver.com also collects and logs information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to you, such as your IP address, the name and location of your Internet Service Provider, the type and version of your browser, the length of time that you stay on dealsaver.com, search queries, your click-stream data, the location that referred you to dealsaver.com and the average number of pages viewed. If you visit another Web site prior to browsing dealsaver.com, that Web site might place personally identifiable information within a URL, which may be logged by us. Your IP address is the identifier assigned to your particular computer when you access the Internet. Depending on how you connect to the Internet, your IP address may always be the same, or it may change each time you access the Internet. Note that logging your IP address does not in and of itself provide us with your name, e-mail address or home or work address. We use this log information for systems administration and troubleshooting purposes and may also use it to gather general demographic information about you such as your general location and your Internet Service Provider. To better provide our services to you and to develop member profiles that enable us to tailor dealsaver.com's deals. Services and its advertisements to your interests, we may correlate this log information with other information about you, such as your registration information, purchase history or newspaper subscription records. We may provide to third parties anonymous aggregated (non-personally identifiable) general information about our Sites and their users.

We also use certain “tracking codes” when you are engaged in a transaction on the dealsaver.com Sites. The codes enable us to track your activities during and help you complete and effectuate the transaction process.

You may also manage the sharing of certain personal information with us when you connect with us through a social media platform or application, such as through Facebook Connect. Please refer to the privacy settings of the social media website or application to determine how you may adjust our permissions and manage the interactivity between dealsaver.com and your social media account or your mobile device.

##### 3\. Use of Cookies

Most standard Web browsers contain a feature called "cookies," which allow a Web site to place information about a user's visit to that Web site in a small data text file that is stored on the user's computer We use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies. “Session" cookies are temporary cookies used for various reasons, such as to manage page views. Your browser usually erases session cookies once you exit your browser. "Persistent" cookies are more permanent cookies that are stored on your computers or mobile devices even beyond when you exit your browser. Our use of cookie technology will likely be transparent to you and is used to recognize you and hold information from one visit to the next in an effort to increase your ease of use of dealsaver.com and to allow us to better understand how people use dealsaver.com through click-stream analysis. For example, we use “persistent” cookies to store information such as your member name and password, sparing you from having to re-enter that information each time you visit. Another example is that we may use cookie technology to control the number of times you see a particular advertisement while visiting dealsaver.com. You can turn the cookies feature off by using your browser preference options, but doing so will severely limit your access to dealsaver.com and may prevent you from using certain functions.

Some of dealsaver.com's third-party content and service providers also may place a cookie on your computer. If you choose to monitor or restrict cookies that are placed on this computer, you can determine the Web site that is attempting to place a cookie. Those cookies are controlled by the content or service provider, and you should refer to that provider's privacy policy for further information regarding its use of cookies and about your options not to accept them.

Pages on dealsaver.com may contain tiny electronic images known as web beacons. We use web beacons to assist us in delivering cookies on dealsaver.com and to allow us to count users who have visited those pages. We may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon. Many of our web beacons are provided by Omniture, which uses the domain 2o7.net. Please refer to Omniture's privacy policy at <http://www.omniture.com/en/privacy> for more information concerning the use of web beacons. Users may elect to opt out of Omniture cookie tracking by following this link <http://www.omniture.com/en/privacy/2o7> and clicking on the "Click Here To Opt-Out of 2o7.net Cookie Tracking Now" link at the bottom of the page.

##### 4\. Use of Personally Identifiable Information

Personally identifiable information may be accessed by the user who entered it, by individual local McClatchy newspapers and dealsaver.com personnel, and by certain third parties, such as those who provide technical support, hosting, transaction, payment or credit card processing or content services to dealsaver.com. For example, your billing and credit card information will be shared with third parties who perform tasks required to process and complete the purchase transaction.

We require these third parties to keep any personal information supplied by us confidential and to if they are provide credit card or other payment processing services, to comply with applicable Payment Card Industry (PCI) standards. Except for disclosures to Merchants as noted below, we also endeavor to keep your personally identifiable information inaccessible to other users or advertisers of dealsaver.com. Note that your first name may be displayed on dealsaver.com when you visit dealsaver.com as a logged in member. We will also display your e-mail address and contact information in your Member Center. While no Web site is completely secure, we make reasonable efforts to secure the Member Center, such that; it can only be accessed by logging in with your member name and password.

We may also disclose personally identifiable information when deemed necessary or appropriate:

  * to comply with a subpoena or other service of process, court order, or other legal proceeding, or if otherwise requested by a legitimate law enforcement body to cooperate in their investigations;
  * to otherwise comply with applicable law;
  * to prevent, investigate, or to take some other action against illegal activities, potential fraud, potential physical threats to any person, or as required by law; 
  * to a successor or acquirer in connection with the sale or transfer of business assets, if we sell all or a part of our business;
  * to protect the rights, property, or safety of dealsaver.com, The McClatchy Company individual newspapers, its affiliates or others.
  * to Merchants providing a Certificate’s products and services to validate the dealsaver Certificates that will be presented to them for redemption, to aid and troubleshoot redemption, and to combat fraud.



##### 5\. Use of Aggregated Information

To describe our services to prospective partners, advertisers and others, we may use your personally identifiable information to create a compiled, aggregate and anonymous view of the dealsaver.com audience and their usage patterns ("Aggregated Information"). We use Aggregated Information to operate our services and to better understand our audience as we develop new content and services. Aggregated Information may also be shared with third parties with whom we contract to provide content and services on dealsaver.com as well as advertisers so that they can better understand our audience. For example, we might disclose that a certain percentage of our users are female or within a certain age range or live within a cluster of ZIP codes.

##### 6\. Children's Privacy

dealsaver.com is particularly concerned with providing a safe online environment for children. Children under the age 18 will not be allowed to register and become a member of dealsaver.com. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personally identifiable information from or about children under 18 except as permitted by law. If we discover we have received any information from a child under 18 in violation of this Privacy Policy, we will delete that information immediately. If you believe we have any information from or about anyone under 18, please contact us at dealsaver.com, 1100 Situs Court, Raleigh, NC 27606, or 1-877-223-7355, or [dealsaversupport@mcclatchyinteractive.com](mailto:dealsaversupport@mcclatchyinteractive.com).

We market families-related products or services for purchase by adults. By using dealsaver.com, you are representing that you are at least 18 years old and that you have the legal capacity to enter into contracts.

##### 7\. Member Mail and E-mail Offers

dealsaver.com does not rent, sell, barter or give away its user or member lists or its users' or members' names, e-mail addresses or mailing addresses for use by advertisers and other third parties for the purpose of solicitations, unless the user has previously given his or her consent at the time of general registration or registration for a specific contest, transaction or service, except that we share with the Merchant whose Certificates you purchase your name and zip code and the recipient’s name. For example, you will be asked when you register on dealsaver.com or when you make a purchase, participate in a contest or sweepstakes, or other transaction on dealsaver.com whether you wish to receive solicitations from Merchants or other third parties, in which case we will share your name, e-mail or mailing address to such Merchants for these purposes. If a user granted permission to receive solicitations (referred to on dealsaver.com as e-mail Offers) at the time of registration but subsequently wishes to opt out from receiving such solicitations, the user may visit the Member Center, if applicable, and change their permissions related to receiving e-mail from the McClatchy Company individual newspapers and dealsaver.com advertisers. Alternatively, the user may opt-out by following the opt-out instructions provided at the bottom of each email newsletter.

All registered users will receive periodic Member Mail e-mail related to their membership account or various features and services on the dealsaver.com or the individual McClatchy local newspaper web sites to which their membership entitles them access. Because Member Mail is an integral part of our service to you, users cannot opt-out of receiving Member Mail. If you do not want to receive Member Mail, your only option is to terminate your membership by sending your request via dealsaver.com’s Contact Us page. If you have registered for dealsaver.com in more than one city, please list any or all cities to which your termination of membership is to apply in your request.

Separate from dealsaver.com Member Mail, a McClatchy Company individual local newspaper may send you information via e-mail about various products or services that we believe may be of interest to you, including e-mails that may contain content provided by third-party advertisers. If you do not want to receive this information, you can opt out by following the opt-out instructions provided at the bottom of each email newsletter.

When a user specifically authorizes e-mail solicitations we make available the user names and other personally identifiable information in accordance with the applicable license.

Our HTML-encoded e-mail messages may include graphic files, which we use to gather information about e-mails sent our members. When such a message is opened in an HTML-capable e-mail program, the recipient's computer accesses our server to retrieve the graphic file, and allows us to record and store the date and time, the recipient's e-mail address, and other standard logging information. These HTML-encoded e-mail messages may also read cookies.

##### 8\. Affiliated Sites, Linked Sites and Advertisements

dealsaver.com expects its partners, providers of content and services and advertisers to respect the privacy of its users. Be aware, however, that third parties, including our partners, providers of content and services, advertisers and others accessible through our Site may have their own privacy and data collection policies and practices. For example, during your visit to dealsaver.com you may link to, or view as part of a frame on a dealsaver.com page, certain content that is actually created or hosted by a third party. Also through dealsaver.com you may be introduced to, or be able to access information, services, Web sites, features, contest or sweepstakes offered by other parties. The McClatchy Company individual newspapers and dealsaver.com are not responsible for the actions or policies of such third parties. You should use common sense when you navigate the Web and be aware of when you travel outside of dealsaver.com. In addition, you should carefully review the applicable privacy policies of each Web site you visit and each Web service you use.

##### 9\. Electronic Commerce

For certain electronic commerce services on dealsaver.com, such as purchasing deal certificates electronically, we require additional information. To complete these transactions, we or third parties we engage may collect information from you such as your name, credit card number and other financial or personally identifiable information. We endeavor to protect the security of your payment information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology, which encrypts information you submit. dealsaver.com uses the credit card and shipping information for the purpose of completing the transaction and does not provide this information to third parties except for the providers of the transaction processing and the issuers of credit cards in order to process the transaction, or as otherwise set forth in this policy.

##### 10\. Referring Friends to dealsaver.com

dealsaver.com enables you to refer friends to dealsaver.com. You may be eligible to receive rewards in the form of a credit available for use toward future dealsaver.com deal purchases or to earn other benefits for referring friends (subject to any applicable rules for referring a friend and details available on our Sites). If you wish to refer friends to dealsaver.com, we provide you a unique referral link, which you can share directly with others via email, social media websites, or other communications methods. If someone clicks your link and takes a qualifying action, we may attribute that referral to you for purposes such as awarding reward credit. dealsaver.com does not collect personal information about the persons with whom you share your link until the persons click the link and engage directly with dealsaver.com.

##### 11\. Changing Your Personal Information and Deleting Your Account

In general, if you are a registered member, you may return to your account information page in the Member Center to update the information you previously provided to us. To prevent minors from improperly entering contests for which they are not eligible, we may require additional proof from people asking to change information regarding their date of birth. dealsaver.com may retain personal information for an indefinite amount of time.

You can delete your dealsaver.com membership account by sending your request via dealsaver.com’s Contact Us page. If you have registered for dealsaver.com in more than one city, please list any or all cities to which your termination of membership is to apply in your request By doing so, all but a transactional record of your membership account will be removed from our databases, though some records may remain on back-up media. Note that by deleting your account, you will cancel your membership and may no longer be able to access those parts of dealsaver.com for which membership is required.

##### 12\. Remember the Risks When You Use the Internet/Security

You should know that when you voluntarily disclose personal information in a public location on the dealsaver.com Site (for example, in deal comment forums or related social networking areas), that information may be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited messages from other people. While we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot be responsible for information that you choose to publicly disclose. Further, you are solely responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any passwords or other account information.

dealsaver.com has implemented an information security program that contains administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to reasonably safeguard personal information supplied by users of our Sites. For example, we use industry-standard encryption technology to secure credit card and other payment and billing information when it is being transmitted over the Internet. However, although we make good faith efforts to store the information we collect in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public and to work with responsible third parties, we cannot guarantee complete security for your information.

You may choose to log in or access dealsaver.com using the Facebook Connect feature. By doing this, you are asking Facebook to send us certain information from your Facebook profile, and you authorize us to collect, store and use in accordance with this Privacy Policy any and all information available to us through the Facebook interface.

In addition, our advertisers, content providers, partners and other Internet sites or services that may be accessible through dealsaver.com have separate data and privacy practices that are independent of us, and we disclaim any responsibility or liability for their policies or actions. Please contact those sites directly if you have questions about their privacy policies.

##### 13\. Notice to California Residents - Your California Privacy Rights

If you are a California resident, you have the right to receive: a) information identifying any third-party company(ies) to whom dealsaver.com may have disclosed, within the past year, personal information pertaining to you and your family for that company's direct marketing purposes; and b) a description of the categories of personal information disclosed. To obtain such information, please e-mail your request to [dealsaversupport@mcclatchyinteractive.com](mailto:dealsaversupport@mcclatchyinteractive.com).

##### 14\. International Users

If you are an international user, by using dealsaver.com or by registering for any of its services, you agree that dealsaver.com may collect, use and transfer your personal information as described in this privacy policy, including transfers outside the country where you live. Please note that dealsaver.com is headquartered in the United States of America and that by providing personal information to us, you agree that your personal information may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the United States or to our affiliates, business partners, merchants, or service providers elsewhere in the world. If you reside in a country in the European Union or other jurisdiction that provides access rights under law, you may access your personal information or have it corrected or updated by going to your account information page in the Member Center and personally updating the information in accordance with applicable law or by contacting us at the address or e-mail set forth below. In some jurisdictions, you may be charged a reasonable fee for access to information.

##### 15\. Contact Information

If you have any questions or comments about our policies, we may be reached at dealsaver.com, c/o McClatchy Interactive, 1100 Situs Court, Raleigh, NC 27606 or 1-877-223-7355 or at [dealsaversupport@mcclatchyinteractive.com.](mailto:dealsaversupport@mcclatchyinteractive.com)
