> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dealscatcher.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20040602184937id_/http%3A//buyforless.com/Help/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# BuyForLess.com - Bargains, Coupons, Rebates, Price Comparisons

We want your shopping experience to be the best we can provide in terms of quality, value, convenience, products and service. All personal information collected by us is used to enhance your shopping experience with us. 

We believe you have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect when you visit our Company Web Sites and what type of information is collected. The guidelines contained herein apply only to your visit to the Web Sites operated by our Company and the entities we directly control. Web Sites which are linked to/from these sites may have different policies; therefore, please review the privacy policy notices on those sites for details. While our Company does not generally require that you provide us with personally identifiable information in order to visit and use the Company and/or affiliated sites, please note that in order to participate in some activities, it will be necessary for you to provide this information. If you choose not to provide it for those activities, you may not be able to participate in them. 

  
**The Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)**  
We believe that children using the Internet require special protection, consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, and we urge parents or guardians to explain Internet safety to their children. Parents are urged to spend time online with their children to become familiar with the types of content available on the Company sites and the Internet in general. Control tools are available from online services and software manufacturers to help create a safer environment for children. If you are under 18 years of age, you should not provide any personally identifiable information (for example, your last name, home address or e-mail address) on these sites without the knowledge and permission of your parent or guardian. If Company learns that you are under 18 years of age, Company will not maintain or use any personally identifiable information about you without the verifiable consent of your parent or guardian, except as allowed by law. This may mean that you will be unable to participate in some activities on the sites without that verifiable consent. Children under the age of 18 wishing to use a Company Web Site should only do so under strict parental supervision. **How Web Site Visitor Information Is Used**  
The our business uses the information that is collected from the Web Site to, among other things, aggregate statistical information, facilitate system administration, improve the content of this Web Site and better serve our customers. Our business may also use the information collected to notify Web Site Visitors of changes to the Web Site, to notify Web Site Visitors of new products made available via the Web Site, and for any other legitimate and lawful business purpose of the business. The information we collect may be used for commercial purposes then stored or discarded. It is also used to improve the content of our Web Site. You may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. **

Your eMail Address

**  
Like you, we really don't like getting spam eMail and annoying sales hype eMail. Don't worry, we are not going to send you any junk. The same goes for your friends who you tell about our Web Site. Unsolicited, "spam" eMail is not sent to our Web Site users. We use eMail addresses voluntarily provided to us by people like you to send our eMail newsletters that inform you of special offers, price discounts and information about products and services we offer our customers. At anytime, you may subscribe or unsubscribe from our eMailing list by notifying our Company. **How Cookies Are Used**  
We may use cookies to to help diagnose web site traffic, problems with our server, to administer our Web site, deliver content specific to your interests, and to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. The information our cookies collect is not given, or sold, to any third party. We do use an outside Company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies delivered and collected by the advertising Company. We are not responsible for the behavior of third party cookies or the privacy practices of the cookie providers. **IP Information**  
We use your IP address to help diagnose web site traffic, problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is not given, or sold, to any third party. **Submissions**  
All remarks, suggestions, ideas, graphics or other information communicated to the Company business through this Web Site will forever be the property of the Company business. Unless otherwise specified, the Company business will not be required to treat the information as confidential. The Company business shall have exclusive ownership of all present and future existing rights in the information, without compensation to the person sending the information. **Web Site Links**  
This web site contains links/referrals to other sites and may maintain select relationships with third party companies in the form of affiliate, associate, "Powered by" partnerships, business partners, and Co-branded sites. Our Company is not responsible for the behavior, privacy practices, or the content, of these third party companies. Please review each linked/referred companies Privacy Policy. **How Web Site Visitor Information Is By Our Affiliates**  
It is against our policy to provide any information about you to any third party without your prior permission. However, as an electronic commerce Company that, as part of its business, establishes online relationships with third party individuals and companies, we cannot be responsible for the use of any information you provide to any of these third party individuals and companies or the use of information they collect. Please note each independent affiliate web site content provider may or may not have its own privacy policy. You should review their Privacy Statement carefully and in its entirety. Our privacy policy is a part of our Internet Site User Agreement (ISUA). **Site Security**  
Our business places the utmost importance on protecting information transmitted via the Web Site and will take security precautions to protect all such information; however, the we cannot guarantee that any electronic commerce is totally secure. We will take measures to secure and protect all customer-specific information from loss, misuse, and alteration. Further, we will take care in maintaining the security of your personal information and in preventing unauthorized access to it through the use of appropriate technology and internal procedures. However, we do not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur.   


For complete information about Company Web Site use policies, please see our [Internet Site User Agreement](http://buyforless.com/Help/isua.asp) (ISUA).

Thank you for your trust.
