> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dealsandyou.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190623201243id_/http%3A//www.dealsandyou.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# DealsAndYou - Privacy Policy

### PRIVACY POLICY

This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") relates solely to the information collection and use practices of our webpage located at http://www.dealsandyou.com ("Webpage"). Wannamo Marketing Private Limited ("Company" "us" or "we"), the provider of the Webpage and the website www.dealsandyou.com ("Website"), is committed to protecting your privacy online. Please read the following to learn what information we collect from you (the "User" or the "End User") and how we use that information. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please e-mail us at support@dealsandyou.com. 

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully by accessing or using the Webpage, you acknowledge that you have read, understand, and agree to be bound to all the terms of this Privacy Policy and our Website terms of use. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, you may exit this Webpage and do not access or use the Website. 

As you use our services, we want you to be clear how we are using information and the ways in which you can protect your privacy. We have tried to keep it as simple as possible, but if you are not familiar with terms like cookies, IP addresses, pixel tags and browsers, then read about these under key terms section (as provided below) first. Your privacy matters to us, so whether you are new to the Website/Webpage or a long-time user, please do take the time to get to know our practices – and if you have any questions, please feel free to contact us. 

### Information we collect

We collect two types of information about our Website Users: Personally Identifiable Information and Non- Personally Identifiable Information.

### Personally Identifiable Information

"Personally Identifiable Information" is information that identifies a specific End User when such End User engages in certain activities on the Website/Webpage, such as creating an account, ordering a product or service through the Website, submitting content and/or posting content in discussion forums, entering a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by us or our partners, filling out a survey, posting a review, sending us or our partners feedback, requesting information about our services, submitting an affiliate agreement, applying for a job, posting a video or signing up for special offers from third parties through the Website/Webpage (collectively, "Identification Activities"), we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. It is optional for you to engage in an Identification Activity. If you elect to engage in an Identification Activity, however, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), email address, telephone number and date of birth. When you order products or services, we may also ask you to provide us with your credit card number, expiration date and authentication codes or related information. Depending on the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some is identified as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory information for a particular activity that requires it, you will not be permitted to engage in that activity. 

We use Personally Identifiable Information to provide products and services to you, administer sweepstakes and contests, enhance the operation of the Website, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze Website use, improve our product and service offerings, and to tailor your experience with third parties as provided in Section titled "Use of Collected Information" of this Privacy Policy. For example, if you send our customer service an e-mail we may use your comments and feedback to tell others about our services, and may post your comment in our marketing materials or on our Website. In addition, if you use our Website to send information or a product to another person, we may store your personal information, and the personal information of any recipient. We may use that other person's contact information to allow him or her to view and accept your gift or to allow the recipient to access the information you requested we send. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our Website Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. 

### Non-Personally Identifiable Information

Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific End User. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator ("URL") of the website you visited before coming to our Website, the URL of the website you visit after leaving our Website, the type of browser you are using and your Internet Protocol ("IP") address. We, and/or our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers, may automatically collect this information when you visit our Website through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Pixel tags, as described in the Section titled "Key Terms" of this Privacy Policy. 

### Uses of Collected Information

We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Website, analyse trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content and programming. When you contact us, we may keep a record of your communication to help solve any issues you might be facing. We may use your email address to inform you about our services, such as letting you know about upcoming changes or improvements. Further, we may record your calls for internal training. We use information collected from cookies and other technologies, like pixel tags, to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services. We will ask for your consent before using information for a purpose other than those that are set out in this Privacy Policy. You may set your browser to block all cookies, including cookies associated with our service, or to indicate when a cookie is being set by us. However, it's important to remember that many of our services may not function properly if your cookies are disabled. For example, we may not remember your location. 

###  Release of Personally Identifiable Information

We do not share personally identifiable information with other parties except as provided below: As a part of the normal operations. For example, when you download a coupon/coupon code, we share your mobile number with companies, organizations or individuals outside of the Company ("Third Parties"). Similarly, we might have to send some of the Personally Identifiable Information like your name to Third Parties. For all other purposes, we will only share Personally Identifiable Information with Third Parties if you engage in an Identification Activity. Please note that we will only provide Third Parties your information with an opt-in notice to you, in which you will have a chance to choose that the Company should not give the Third Parties your personal information. We specifically disclaim any responsibility or liability for the actions of such Third Parties. While we inform them that they are only permitted to communicate with you for the purposes of the specific promotion in relation to the Company, we do not have any responsibility for the actions of the Third Parties, and the actions of the Third Parties are not in our control. 

We may share your information with Authorized Third Party Service Providers. We provide some of our services and products through third parties. These "Third Party Service Providers" perform functions on our behalf, like sending out and distributing our administrative and promotional emails. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such Service Providers to fulfill orders, deliver packages, send postal or email, administer contests or sweepstakes, remove repetitive information on customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide search results and links, process credit card payments, operate the Website, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies ("Affiliates") with whom we have business relationships and may have to also share their information with Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. For example, when you order a service, we release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for the service and, if applicable, release your address to the delivery service to deliver the service. Likewise, we may release an Affiliate's information to our bank to send out a payment. We encourage Third Parties and Third Party Service Providers to adopt and post privacy policies. However, the use of your Personally Identifiable Information by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not subject to our control. We may share your information in a Business Transfer. As with any other business, we could merge with, or be acquired by another company. If this occurs, the successor company would acquire the information we maintain, including Personally Identifiable Information. However, Personally Identifiable Information would remain subject to this Privacy Policy. We may share your information for our Protection and the Protection of Others. We may also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or a court order; enforce or apply this Privacy Policy, our Website Terms of Use or other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of the Website, its Users or others. We may share your information with our associate companies. We may also share Personal Identifiable Information with our associate companies for the purpose of providing any notification regarding new services or special promotional programs and offers or information related to such associate companies if you have opted-in. Release of Non-Personally Identifiable Information We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners – like publishers, advertisers or connected sites. For example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services. 

### Information security

We work hard to protect the Website and our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold. We review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems. We restrict access to personal information to the employees, contractors and agents of the Company who need to know that information in order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations. 

### Application

Our Privacy Policy applies to all of the services offered by the Comapny, including services offered on other sites (such as our advertising services), but excludes services that have separate privacy policies that do not incorporate this Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy does not apply to services offered by other companies or individuals, including products or sites that may be displayed to you on our website. Our Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of other companies and organizations who advertise our services, and who may use cookies, pixel tags and other technologies to serve and offer relevant ads. 

#### Enforcement

We regularly review our compliance with our Privacy Policy. When we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. We work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly. 

#### Changes to Privacy Policy

We may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting the revised Privacy Policy in the "Privacy Policy" section of the Website. The revised Privacy Policy is effective immediately when posted on the Website. It is the responsibility of each User to review the Website and the Privacy Policy periodically to learn of any revisions to this Privacy Policy. Your continued use of the Website after the effectiveness of such revisions will constitute your acknowledgment and acceptance of the terms of the revised Privacy Policy. 

#### Dispute resolution

If you believe that dealsandyou.com – City has not adhered to this Privacy Policy you may write to the Company at the following address: E-mail: support@dealsandyou.com In your e-mail, please describe in as much detail as possible ways in which you believe the Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your complaint promptly. 

#### Privacy Policies of Third Party Websites

This Privacy Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. Other websites that may be accessible through this Website/Webpage have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. If you link to any such website, we urge you to review the respective website's privacy policy. We are not responsible for the policies or practices of third parties. 

#### Miscellaneous Privacy Issues

Minors under the age of 18 (eighteen) may not use the Website/Webpage. We do not collect or maintain information from anyone known to be under the age of 18 (eighteen), and no part of the Website/Webpage is designed to attract anyone under the age of 18 (eighteen). The Website/Webpage does not sell products for purchase by children. In certain instances, we sell children's products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18 (eighteen), you may use the Website/Webpage only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. 

#### _Key Terms Section:_

**Cookie**

A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. Cookies may store user preferences and other information. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some website features or services may not function properly without cookies. Based on your browsing history, we may send you personalized mailers or SMS. We will not share your browsing history data with any third party until and unless required by an Authorised Authority like your mobile Operator etc. 

**Anonymous identifier**

An anonymous identifier is a random string of characters that is used for the same purposes as a cookie on platforms, including certain mobile devices, where cookie technology is not available. 

**IP address**

Every computer connected to the Internet is assigned a unique number known as an IP address. Since these numbers are usually assigned in country-based blocks, an IP address can often be used to identify the country from which a computer is connecting to the Internet. Server logs 

Like most websites, our servers automatically record the page requests made when you visit our sites. These "server logs" typically include your web request, Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser. Pixel tag A pixel tag is a type of technology placed on a website or within the body of an email for the purpose of tracking activity on websites, or when emails are opened or accessed, and is often used in combination with cookies. Non-personally identifiable information. By downloading the coupon, you agree to receive promotional SMS or emails from Dealsandyou.com 

This is information that is recorded about users so that it no longer reflects or references an individually identifiable user. 

PS: The coupon you Downloaded is subject to approval from the merchant, and DealsAndYou does not take any responsibility and/or has no liability if the coupon is not accepted at the outlet. To avoid any confusion, we suggest you to present the coupon before placing the order or consuming any service at the merchant's outlet. 
