> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dealsonwheels.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121208045054id_/http%3A//dealsonwheels.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

**DealsOnWheels.com respects the privacy of visitors to our website. Please read this Privacy Statement carefully so that you understand what information we collect through our website and what we do with that information. This Privacy Statement applies only to information collected online through the DealsOnWheels.com website and does not describe the ways in which we may collect or use information obtained offline or through any means other than our website. If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, please contact Customer Service.**

### 1\. PROTECTING THE PRIVACY OF CHILDREN

Children should always get permission from their parents before sending any information about themselves (such as their name, email address, or phone number) over the Internet, to us or to anyone else. Our website is not directed at children under the age of thirteen and we will not knowingly allow anyone under the age of thirteen to provide us with any personally identifiable information; if you are under the age of thirteen, please do not provide any information about yourself on this website.

### 2\. THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT

The information we gather falls into two categories: (1) information supplied by visitors to the website when they list a vehicle for sale, perform a search, enter a sweepstakes or other promotional contest, or inquire about a vehicle listed for sale or about another product or service offered through our website; and (2) tracking information gathered as visitors navigate through our website and view our email newsletters and other email messages. Third-party providers featured on or linked to by our website, such as vendors of products and services offered or promoted through our website, may be gathering information as well, through processes which we do not control.

**Searches and Listings**  
To make use of certain features on our website, visitors may need to provide limited information about themselves and their interests so that we can tailor the information we provide to their needs. For example, to help you find a vehicle that is for sale in your area, we need to know what kind of vehicle you are looking for and your location (i.e., your ZIP code). We may ask you to provide this information when you perform a search. We use this information to help you find a vehicle that matches what you are looking for. If you find a listing that interests you and elect to send the seller an email through our website, we will share the information that you supply with the seller. Some dealers that list vehicles for sale on our website use third-party service providers to manage their "leads" (inquiries they receive from interested buyers). If a dealership has designated a provider of lead management services, we may also share any information which you elect to send to the dealership with that provider. If you do not wish to share your email address or other contact information with sellers who advertise on our website or lead management service providers, you should not use the contact form found on our website. Many of the listings that appear on our website include telephone numbers that can be used to contact the seller. If you call a seller using the phone number found on our website, we may provide the seller with the date, time, and duration of your call, as well as the number from which your call originated. If you wish to contact a seller that advertises on our website without disclosing this information, please contact the seller by using the contact form found on our website. When you list a vehicle for sale, we ask for information on the vehicle as well as information about how you wish to be contacted by potential buyers. We also ask for your credit card number and the expiration date on your card. We use this information to create your ad and to process your payment. We may also use information that you provide to us in connection with your purchase of that listing on third-party websites where we distribute or promote your listing.

**Sweepstakes and Other Promotions**  
From time to time, we may offer sweepstakes or other promotions on our website. If you enter a sweepstakes or promotional contest, we will ask you to provide information about yourself (such as your name, address, and email address). Among other things, we will need this information to contact you if you win, and we may also use this information for marketing purposes. We may share this information with any co-sponsor of the contest or sweepstakes; we will identify the co-sponsor in the contest rules. We may also share this information with shipping or fulfillment companies or other third- party service providers that help administer our promotions, such as by conducting drawings and/or delivering prizes to winners. If you do not want us to collect the information requested in the contest or sweepstakes registration form or to provide it to co-sponsors, please do not enter the contest or sweepstakes.

**Online Surveys**  
From time to time, we survey our users to measure their satisfaction with our website and other websites and to help us learn more about our audience and how they interact with our website. Third- party research firms often conduct these surveys on our behalf. We use the survey results to help us improve the services we offer to you. Except in the circumstances described below in the "Other Disclosures" section of this policy, we will not share, without your consent, any personally-identifying information you submit in response to a DealsOnWheels.com survey with any company other than the research firm conducting the survey. We will, however, take the information you provide and aggregate it on an anonymous basis with data collected from other survey participants. We may use and disclose that pool of anonymous information as we see fit, without identifying you personally.

You may also find on our website invitations to participate in surveys conducted by our advertisers, whose privacy practices we do not control. These invitations will usually link to an online survey form that is hosted either by the advertiser conducting the survey or by a third-party research firm working on the advertiser's behalf. When you participate in an advertiser's survey offered through our website, the use and disclosure of any information you submit will be governed by the advertiser's privacy policy (or by the privacy policy of the advertiser's research firm), which may differ from ours. If you cannot find the applicable privacy policy via a link either from the advertiser's survey invitation or from the online survey form, you should contact the advertiser directly for more information.

**Email Addresses**  
If you provide us with your email address, we may email you about our website or our services, or to inquire about your experience using our website or websites operated by others. From time to time, we will also send you emails that may include automotive information, special promotions and other commercial offers that we think may be of interest to you. Though we hope you will find these communications informative and useful, if you do not you can always unsubscribe by following the instructions found in each email. When you list a vehicle for sale or inquire about a vehicle listed on our website, you can indicate your preference for receiving these types of commercial offers.

**Cookies**  
To help us tailor our website to the needs and interests of our visitors, we keep track of the pages visited by our users by placing a cookie (a small text file stored on your computer's hard drive). The cookie contains an ID number that allows us to track the pages you have visited. We aggregate this data with data on the pages visited by other users to track overall visitor traffic patterns. We use this information to improve our website by making it more responsive to the needs of our users. We also use cookies to make sure you do not see the same ad repeatedly during a single visit to our website. Cookies do not reveal personally identifying information; the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply to us. Cookies cannot read any unrelated data found elsewhere on your hard drive. Our advertisers and third parties that provide products and/or services through our website may also assign their own cookies, a process that we do not control. The help function on most web browsers contains information on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting a cookie or to disable cookies entirely. However, if your browser has been configured to reject or block cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of various features on our website that are available to other visitors. To leverage all of the features and functions on our website, you will need to configure your browser to accept cookies.

**Web Beacons**  
To help us (and in some cases our advertisers) keep track of how many users are accessing particular pages and listings within our website, and to track how users respond to ads we place on third-party websites, we may place a small file, called a web beacon, on some of our pages and on some of the listings we distribute. In combination with cookies, these web beacons allow us (or our advertisers) to track the number of users who view particular pages and listings to fine tune the advertising messages delivered to users of this and other websites. We may use "clickstream" data collected using web beacons and cookies to help us tailor the content of promotional messages, including email messages, to the perceived interests of our users. Advertising networks with which we are affiliated and third- party advertising services that we use may also use web beacons on our website to gather similar anonymous "clickstream" information, which is used to fine tune advertising messages delivered to our visitors and visitors to other websites. See "Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting," below, for more information.

**Browser Level Information**  
Our website automatically collects limited information about your computer configuration when you visit our website, including the type of web browser you use, the operating system you are running, the resolution of your computer monitor, the website that referred you, and your IP address. Your IP address is a numerical address that is used by computers connected to the Internet to identify your computer so that data (such as the web pages you want to view) can be transmitted to your computer for you to view. We also use IP address information for systems administration and trouble-shooting purposes. Your IP address does not tell us who you are. We use this information to make our website as useful as we can for as many users as possible.

**Data Collected in Connection with Ad Serving and Targeting**  
DealsOnWheels.com has relationships with certain third-party advertising companies ("Third Party Services") that collect, target and serve some of the advertisements, promotions, or other marketing messages you see on the pages of our website and other websites including the sites operated by our affiliates. These Third Party Services may place cookies or web beacons on your browser in connection with these purposes. Through these cookies and beacons, the Third Party Services collect anonymous tracking information called "clickstream" data from your activities on our website and other websites, including the websites of our affiliates, and they use this data to deliver advertisements tailored to match your perceived interests. For example, if you've been viewing pages related to SUVs on our site, you are more likely to see ads about certain SUVs as you browse our website and our affiliates’ sites. This clickstream data does not identify you personally and does not include your name, address, email address or telephone number, but it may include the IP address of your computer. The Third Party Services manage their own collection of clickstream data. Clickstream data collection for our site is managed by Adobe Systems Incorporated through tags Adobe places on our website on our behalf.

DealsOnWheels.com supports the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising from the Digital Advertising Alliance, which regulates the practices relating to the collection of clickstream data. To opt out of our interest-based advertising program or to learn more about our data collection practices, please visit aboutads.info or evidon.com.

### 3\. USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION

When we present information to our advertisers -- to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our website -- it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages within our website. Any credit card information you may provide to us is secured during transmission over the Internet using industry-standard secure socket layer (SSL) encryption and is stored on our secure servers. (See "Security," below.) We use your credit card information only to bill you for the products and services you order from us. We do not share your credit card information with anyone, except as may be necessary to process your transactions or to comply with law. We may collect, or have a third party collect on our behalf, aggregated statistical information about how visitors use and navigate around our website, such as the number of users who visit various pages within the website, what they click on, whether they scroll up or down on particular pages (and similar behaviors), fill out forms, etc. This aggregated information does not identify you personally. We use this information to improve our website. We may also disclose this aggregated information to third parties.

### 4\. LINKS AND FEATURES OFFERED IN CONJUNCTION WITH OTHER PROVIDERS

To make our website more valuable to our visitors, we feature some products and services that come from other providers. Our finance, insurance, warranty, and inspection services, for example, are made available through cooperative arrangements with companies that specialize in providing such services. We share with these third parties such information as is necessary for them to provide the products or services. Our website includes links to other websites, and provides access to products and services offered by third parties, whose privacy policies we do not control. When you access another website or purchase products or services or conduct other transactions through our website, use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the website you are visiting or the provider of such products or services. When you provide information in the course of obtaining products or services through our website, use of any information you provide may be governed by the privacy policy of the provider of those products or services. The provider's privacy policy may differ from ours. If you cannot find the privacy policy of any of our provider partners via a link either from their website's homepage or from the pages on which the products or services are offered, you should contact the provider directly for more information.

### 5\. OTHER DISCLOSURES

We may occasionally release information about our visitors when appropriate, to comply with law, to enforce our [Visitor Agreement](https://web.archive.org/visitor-agreement), or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to our website, our customers, the public or DealsOnWheels.com. As our business grows, we may buy or sell various assets. In the unlikely event that DealsOnWheels.com, AutoTrader.com, or substantially all of the assets of DealsOnWheels.com or AutoTrader.com, are acquired by another company, information on our visitors would be among the transferred assets. If you choose to unsubscribe in response to an email message that we send on behalf of an advertiser, we will share your email address and opt-out instructions with the advertiser to ensure that your email privacy preferences are honored. Similarly, if we ask a third- party company to send its customers email offers on our behalf, we will share with that company (or its agent) a list of email addresses collected from website visitors who have opted out of our email program to ensure that their privacy preferences are honored. We may allow others to search some of our databases (our listings database, for example) and to analyze the data they find there or aggregate it with other data, either for their business purposes, or ours. Though some of the information in our databases may be personally identifying (such as the contact information included in a vehicle listing), we will only allow searches of the portions of our database that contain information that is otherwise publicly available on our website. When we use other companies to help us operate our website or improve the services we offer to you, we may provide them with information about our visitors that is necessary for them to perform their services. We require that these companies commit to use the information only to perform the services that we request.

### 6\. SECURITY

Information we gather on our website is stored within databases we control directly or that are hosted by a third party on our behalf) on servers maintained in protected environments. Any credit card information you provide us is secured for transmission over the Internet using industry-standard secure sockets layer (SSL) encryption. However, no physical or electronic security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our servers or databases, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. And, of course, any information you include in a vehicle listing is available to anyone with Internet access.

### 7\. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT

The World Wide Web is an evolving medium. If we need to change our Privacy Statement at some point in the future to reflect new or different privacy practices, we will post the changes to this Privacy Statement on this website and update the reference to the effective date to reflect the date of the amendment. By visiting DealsOnWheels.com, you agree that your visit, and any dispute over privacy, is governed by this Privacy Statement and our [Visitor Agreement](https://web.archive.org/visitor-agreement).
