> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dealunited.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130608120645id_/http%3A//dealunited.com/home/en/datenschutz) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | deal united

## deal united’s privacy policy

The deal united offers available at [http://www.dealunited.com](http://www.dealunited.com/) and the related services and performances are operated by deal united GmbH as a responsible party as defined by Germany’s Federal Data Protection Act [Bundesdatenschutzgesetz].

We respect the privacy of our users. We only collect, process and/or use your data in accordance with the statutory regulations, specifically the German Teleservices Act [Telemediengesetz] (TMG) and the Federal Data Protection Act (BDSG). Below is information what kind of personal data we collect and how we use it.

The following provisions apply exclusively to our services. They do not apply to third-party websites to which you may be directed via a link.

  


#### 1\. Collection of personal data

We collect the personal data that you provide (name, e-mail address, address) when you accept an offer, register to our site and when you subscribe to our newsletter.

Where applicable, we also create an anonymous user profile in order to customize our website and our services, as well as for advertising and marketing purposes. In so doing, we do not use any personal identifiable information (PII). At no time is this profile associated with data that can identify you as a person. If you disagree with the creation of such a profile, you can contradict at any time with future effect, so please refer to the information in section 5 below.

  


#### 2\. The type, scope and purpose of data use

We use your personal data to set up a user account and to process individual transactions including billing, shipping and for fraud prevention to identify suspicious transactions or computers.

Should you opt-in, we will use your data for marketing activities such as for sending you our newsletters.

  


#### 3\. Disclosure to third parties

Your data will not be disclosed to third parties unless we are legally required to do so (e.g. at the instruction of a court of law). We reserve the right to share your data with third parties with whom we have contractual relations that process data, provide support services etc. as long as they abide by deal united’s privacy policies.

Insofar as we use third-party service providers and/or subcontractors to process data on our behalf, they are contractually required to comply with the data protection laws and code of conduct detailed in this privacy policy. In particular, these service providers are prohibited from using your personal data for purposes other than the original purpose.

With regards to data processing jobs by Google within the context of Google Analytics, please see paragraph 5 below.

  


#### 4\. Consent/right of withdrawal

If applicable, you have granted the following consent to the collection and use of data within the context of using our services:

_Please keep me informed about exclusive promotional campaigns and additional offers from deal united._ __

If you choose to sign up for our newsletter, you have consented to allow deal united the right to use your PII within the context of the newsletter. You may revoke this consent at any time. If you wish to withdraw your consent, please contact us at the following e-mail address: [service@dealunited.com](mailto:service@dealunited.com). The implementation of your withdrawal of consent may require the configuration of a permanent cookie on your computer.

  


#### 5\. The use of cookies, Google Analytics

We use so-called cookies – small files containing configuration information – which help implement special user functions, to enable the correct display and functionality of our Internet sites, and to make the services offered possible. We also use cookies within the context of fraud protection in order to uniquely identify a computer on a long-term basis. We do not collect personal data using cookies. You always have the option of deleting cookies locally on your computer or of setting your browser so it does not accept any cookies.. Please note that if you reject all cookies, the offered functions and services may not be available.

The deal united services use Google Analytics, a web analytic service provided by Google Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer that allow the use of the website to be analyzed. The information generated by the cookie regarding your use of the website is generally transferred to a server belonging to Google in the USA and stored there. In the event that IP anonymization has been activated on this website, your IP address will be shortened by Google within member states of the European Union and in some other parties to the agreement regarding the European Economic Area. Only in exceptional cases will your full IP address be sent to a Google server in the USA and shortened there. Google uses this information on behalf of the operators of this website in order to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports about website activities, and to provide the operators of this website with additional services connected with website usage and Internet usage. The IP addresses transmitted from your browser within the context of Google Analytics will not be consolidated by Google with other data. You can prevent cookies from being saved to your computer using the settings in your browser. Please note that if you reject all cookies, the offered services may not be available.

In addition, you can also prevent Google form collecting the data generated by the cookie pertaining to your use of our website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available at the following link: [http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de).

  


#### 6\. Information, correction, deletion or blocking of your data

You have the right, at any time, to request information regarding the personal data that deal united stored about you. In addition, you may request that your data be corrected or deleted at any time. If the data falls under statutory data retention requirements, the data will be blocked from further use.

For information about, correction, or deletion of your data, please contact us at [service@dealunited.com](mailto:service@dealunited.com) or by mail at

deal united GmbH, Landshuter Allee 10, 80637 München, Germany

**Last updated: February 2012** ****

  

