> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the deal4loans.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061201133001id_/http%3A//www.deal4loans.com/Privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Deal4loans.com's Services | Online Loan Application And Information

This Privacy Policy covers Deal4loans.com's treatment of personally identifiable information that Deal4loans.com collects when you are on the Deal4loans.com site, and when you use Deal4loans.com 's services. This policy also covers Deal4loans.com's treatment of any personally identifiable information that Deal4loans.com's business partners share with Deal4loans.com. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Deal4loans.com does not own or control, or to people that Deal4loans.com does not employ or manage. 

  1. Deal4loans.com collects personally identifiable information when you register for an Deal4loans.com account, when you use certain Deal4loans.com products or services, when you visit Deal4loans.com pages, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. Deal4loans.com may also receive personally identifiable information from our business partners. When you register with Deal4loans.com, we ask for your first name, last name, time zone, zip/postal code, country, state, city, email, birth date, and gender. Once you register with Deal4loans.com and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us. Your mobile number will never be shared with any financial institution or any other partner who wish to advertise with us.. Also during registration, you will be requested to register your mobile phone and email id, pager, or other device to receive text messages, notifications, and other services to your wireless device. By registration you authorize us to send sms/email alerts to you for your login details and alerts on bidders requests or some advertising messages/emails from us. Your Details will never be shared with any other orgainsation and but gives us authority to sms/email you for advertising the products. If at any time you wish to stop these sms/email alerts all you have to do is write an email to us remove@Deal4loans with your mobile numbers and your mobile number will be deleted from the alerts list. 
  2. Information Sharing and Disclosure  
Deal4loans.com will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to anyone other than as specifically noted herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Deal4loans.com may sell and/or transfer your personally identifiable information to an affiliate and to any successor-in-interest as a result of a sale of any part of Deal4loans.com 's business or upon the merger, reorganization or consolidation of Deal4loans.com with another entity on a basis that Deal4loans.com is not the surviving entity. For the purposes of this paragraph, "affiliate" means any person directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with Deal4loans.com. The term "control," as used in the immediately preceding sentence, shall mean with respect to any person, the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power, through the exercise of voting rights, contractual rights or otherwise, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled person. As used in this Privacy Policy, the term "person" includes any natural person, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, unincorporated association or any other entity. 
  3. Third Party Advertising   
We may use third-party advertising companies and/or ad agencies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements on this site and other sites about goods and services that may be of interest to you. 
  4. Privacy Policy Changes   
Deal4loans.com may amend this policy from time to time, at our discretion. If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will notify you by posting the changes here on these Privacy Policy pages. 


