> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the qango.com privacy policy that was archived on 2001-12-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20011201233926id_/http%3A//qango.com/central/docs/info/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Qango Central - Information : Privacy Policy

[](https://web.archive.org/central/)  


**Qango Info Centre! - Privacy Policy**

**Privacy Policy for the Qango.com Search Network**

Qango.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices: 

**Information Automatically Logged**

We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our website, produce statistical visitor data reports, and to protect you and us from security breaches of our servers, programs or files. 

**Emails Automatically Sent**

We use several programs that automatically send you an email when we update, change, remove or classify/re-classify your information. These emails are generated by our search engine /mailing list software and relate to any listing you may have submitted for inclusion or actions you may have taken with regard to your mailing list subscription status. Occasional emails are sent from other programs for information purposes only and these usually do not require a reply or response. 

**Advertisers**

We use a variety of internal and external advertisement resources and companies to display ads on our sites. Some of these ads may contain cookies. While we do not use cookies in other parts of our website, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information.

Qango.com also works with other third parties that serves ads to this site:

  * FlyCast Communications - To find out more about how Flycast manages the privacy of information in conjunction with serving ads on this site, please go to <http://www.engage.com/privacy/>

  
**Forms**

Some of our site's registration forms require users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address, etc). Contact information from the registration forms is used for a variety of purposes, e.g.; to ship purchases, to send information about our company, etc. We do not distribute, sell, exchange or otherwise propagate your email address to any other party. 

**Contests**

We occasionally run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like email address). We do not distribute, sell, exchange or otherwise propagate any of this information to any other party, other than to use a limited reference to the data for mutually beneficial promotional purposes. Should anyone feel their information has been published by Qango.com in an unsuitable or incorrect manner we will make every effort to correct any mistakes or misunderstandings (See contact details). 

**External Links**

Qango.com contains links to other sites. Qango.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. 

**Public Forums**

Qango.com makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. 

**Security**

Qango.com has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. Should there be a breach in our security we will work to repair any damage done, speedily and immediately upon discovery or notification. We will also endeavor to identify and take action against any person or entity that may be held accountable for such incidents. 

**Contacting Qango.com**

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of Qango.com, or your dealings with us, you can contact:

[privacy@qango.com](mailto:privacy@qango.com)

* * *

[Home](https://web.archive.org/central/) \- [Company Information](https://web.archive.org/central/docs/info/) \- [Advertise](https://web.archive.org/central/docs/info/advertising/) \- [Help](https://web.archive.org/central/docs/help/) \- [Privacy](https://web.archive.org/central/docs/info/privacy/) \- [email](mailto:webmaster@qango.com) ©2000 Qango.com 
