> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hersheypa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181223120129id_/http%3A//www.hersheypa.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Hershey, PA

## Hershey Entertainment & Resorts

Effective date: June 7, 2018

PLEASE REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND THE TERMS OF USE FOR THE SITES CAREFULLY. YOUR USE OF THE SITES SIGNIFIES YOUR AGREEMENT TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND [CONDITIONS OF USE](http://www.hersheypa.com/conditions-of-use.php "opens conditions of use in a new tab").

### OUR COMMITMENT TO PRIVACY

Hershey Entertainment & Resorts Company ("HE&R" or "we" or "us") is committed to respecting your privacy. It is our policy to provide on-line content and services in a way that strives to minimize the collection of information from our customers. This privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") describes how we may collect information online at HersheyPA.com, Hersheypark.com, HersheyLodge.com, TheHotelHershey.com, HersheyBears.com, HersheyEntertainment.com, ZooAmerica.com, MeltSpa.com, ChocolateSpa.com, HersheyCountryClub.com, HersheyMeetings.com and HersheyJobs.com, through our Hersheypark and Hershey Bears mobile apps and any of the other apps or websites owned or operated by HE&R (together, the "Sites"). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the websites owned and operated by The Hershey Company. The Privacy Policy describes the types of information collected from you, what we do with it, with whom we share it, and how you can correct or change such information. It is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy carefully, especially before providing any personal information through our Sites.

### THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT

**Automatic Collection of Information:** Our Sites may automatically collect information through the use of various technologies to track certain information about the visits to our Sites. For example, when you use the Sites, we may collect your IP address, which is a unique identifier that is associated with your computer. We analyze IP addresses in the aggregate for system administration purposes and to compile statistics that show the numbers and frequency of visitors to our Sites and its individual pages. These aggregated statistics are used internally to improve our Sites and for product development, and for marketing purposes generally. These aggregated statistics may also be provided to advertisers and other third parties. We collect this information using cookies and other technologies. For more information about our use of cookies, please see the section below entitled, "The Use of Cookies and Similar Technologies." We may also collect geo-location information from users who visit our Sites from their mobile devices if you have allowed your device to share such information.

**Information You Provide to Us:** In a few areas on our Sites, we ask you to provide personally identifiable information that will enable us to verify whether you are entitled to access and use certain information, materials and services available from our Sites, to enable us to enhance your site visit, to assist you with customer service or technical support issues, to follow up with you after your visit, or to otherwise support your customer relationship with HE&R. It is completely optional for you to participate in these areas of the Sites. Personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") is any information that can identify or is identifiable to a specific individual, such as a person’s name, date of birth, email address, mailing address (including ZIP code), phone number and credit card information. Personal Information is collected when you purchase season passes or products or services via the Sites; register for email communication; subscribe to a newsletter; request to be added to our mailing lists; register for sweepstakes; contests and other promotional opportunities; or provide feedback in an online survey. 

### THE USE OF COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES

In order to improve the Sites and provide more convenient, relevant experiences to our guests, we may use "cookies" and similar devices to track your activities on the Sites. A cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website or use an online service. When you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site or online service to recognize your browser. Cookies may store unique identifiers, user preferences and other information. Cookies help us track the number of users on the Sites, number of downloads, types of products and services used and to market our products and services to users. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the Site (including IP address) is transmitted to our data collection tool service providers. 

Most Web browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you prefer, you may be able to set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent, but it is possible that some parts of the Sites will not function properly if you do so. Please recognize that browser blocking tools are not controlled by HE&R and we do not guarantee their effectiveness. To find out more about cookies, including how to manage and delete cookies, visit [www.allaboutcookies.org](https://web.archive.org/web/20181223120129id_/http%3A//www.hersheypa.com/www.allaboutcookies.org "opens all about cookies site in a new tab"). 

### DO NOT TRACK

Some web browsers may also give you the ability to enable a "do not track" setting. This setting sends a signal to the websites you encounter while web browsing. This "do not track" signal is different from disabling certain forms of tracking by declining cookies in your browser settings, as browsers with the "do not track" setting enabled may still accept cookies. HE&R does not respond to web browser "do not track" signals at this time. If we do so in the future, we will describe how we do so in this Privacy Policy.

### HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION

As described in detail below, we may use the information we collect, such as your Personal Information in many ways, including sending you promotional materials. In addition, as outlined below, you may unsubscribe or "opt-out" of certain uses of your Personal Information.

**Use of Your Information:**

>   * _Personal Information:_ We will use your Personal Information for the purposes for which it was provided. For example, if you provide Personal Information to purchase a season pass at the Sites, register for email communication, enter a contest, or purchase products or services, we will use it to register you for or provide you with those products or services. Subject to your ability to unsubscribe or "opt-out" of certain uses of your Personal Information, we may also use your Personal Information to provide you with information about features, products or services and other offers from our sponsors, partners, and the like that we think may be of interest to you. This information may be sent to you by postal mail, email or other means. Under certain circumstances we may post some of your Personal Information on the Sites (for example - if you win a contest we may post your first name, city and state where you live on the Sites).
>   * _Anonymous Information:_ We may also use information in anonymized, aggregate ("Anonymous Information") form for purposes of research or analysis. In order to better understand and serve our guests and the users of the Sites, we often conduct research on our guest demographics, interests and behavior based on Anonymous Information we gather. Although this Anonymous Information may be based in part on Personal Information, it does not identify you personally. We may share this Anonymous Information with a variety of third parties, including our affiliates, agents, and current and prospective business partners. We may use Anonymous Information for advertising and promotional purposes and administration of the Sites, and we may share such information with various affiliated and unaffiliated entities for such purposes. For example, IP addresses are used for the purposes of system administration and to provide Anonymous Information to advertisers about the volume of use on the Sites, and demographic Anonymous Information may be shared with our advertisers and business partners.
>   * _Advertising:_ We may also enter into agreements with third parties that possess technology that allows the Sites to customize the advertising and marketing messages you receive on the Sites and on other websites. Information collected through cookies (described above) or similar technology may be shared with these third parties for this purpose. The Sites may use Google Analytics and the third-party cookie DoubleClick to optimize our Sites based on the traffic we receive and assist with marketing. To learn more about Google Analytics, including options for opting out and/or managing the ads you may see online please visit: [www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners). Additional information regarding online advertising is available at: <https://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/what-are-my-options>.
>   * _Other Purposes:_ We may also use information we collect to operate, improve, and personalize the products and services we offer, and to give each user a more consistent and personalized experience when interacting with us, to detect fraud or illegal activities, and for archival and backup purposes in connection with the provision of the Services, to enforce our Conditions of Use and communicate with users.
> 


**Disclosure of Your Information**

>   * _Administrative Purposes:_ Like many businesses, we sometimes hire other companies to perform certain business-related functions on our behalf such as hosting specific portions of the Sites, maintaining databases, administering sweepstakes, mailing information and processing payments. When we employ a third party to perform these functions, that third party will only be provided with the particular Personal Information it needs to perform its function, and is required to protect the Personal Information.
>   * _Marketing Purposes:_ We may share information we collect, including Personal Information with our third party service providers who help us advertise our and out affiliates’ products and services to users.
>   * _The Hershey Company:_ We will share information we collect, including Personal Information with _The Hershey Company_. For example, sometimes we receive questions about _Hershey’s Chocolate World Attraction_. We may share information so that _Hershey’s Chocolate World Attraction_ can address those questions. 
>   * _Other Disclosures:_ In addition, we may disclose Personal Information to: (i) protect the legal rights, privacy or safety of HE&R and its affiliates or its or their employees, agents and contractors; (ii) protect the safety and security of our guests; (iii) protect against fraud or other illegal activity or for risk management purposes; (iv) respond to inquiries or requests from public authorities; or (v) comply with the law or legal process.
>   * _Change of Ownership:_ If HE&R sells all or part of the Sites or makes a sale or transfer of stock or assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or business transfer, we may, in our sole discretion, transfer, sell or assign your Personal Information to a third party as part of or in connection with that transaction. Upon such transfer, the privacy policy of the acquiring entity may govern the further use of your Personal Information.
> 


### YOU MAY ENCOUNTER THIRD PARTY LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES

You may encounter links to third party websites through the Sites. These third party websites do not necessarily follow this Privacy Policy. For instance, clicking on a logo or on links or other elements on the Sites may take you to an entirely different website owned and operated by a third party. Links to other sites may use our logo as a result of a co-branding/sponsorship agreement. These sites may send their own cookies to you and may collect information and make use of that information in ways that the Sites would not. Once you have left the Sites, this Privacy Policy will no longer apply to Personal Information or any other information collected from or provided by you to a third party. It is your sole responsibility to review the applicable privacy policy to determine how that third party or website will handle such information.

### YOU CAN UNSUBSCRIBE OR "OPT-OUT" OF RECEIVING FURTHER MARKETING FROM HE&R AT ANY TIME

If you have previously provided Personal Information to the Sites and have subscribed to one or more email newsletters or are receiving emails or other communications from the Sites and you no longer wish to receive such emails, please discontinue your subscriptions by selecting the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of any message. If you have previously provided Personal Information to HE&R and have subscribed to one or more newsletters or are receiving direct mail from us and you no longer wish to receive such communications, please discontinue your subscriptions by contacting us at [Webmaster@HersheyPA.com](mailto:Webmaster@HersheyPA.com). If you ask that we stop using your Personal Information, we will honor that request. However, we will retain records of your Personal Information as needed in order to comply with applicable federal, state, and local laws.

### HOW YOU CAN ACCESS OR CORRECT YOUR INFORMATION

If you would like to correct or change the Personal Information that HE&R has collected about you, please contact the Website Manager, whose contact information is listed in the "How to Contact Us" section below.

### OUR COMMITMENT TO CHILDREN AND PRIVACY

We recognize the need to provide additional privacy protections for children who visit the Sites. At various places on the Sites, we may ask users for their date of birth in order to verify their age. By using the Sites you agree to respond truthfully and accurately about your age. The Sites do not solicit or knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 for children in the United States or under the age of 16 for children in the European Union without verifiable parental consent. Children in the United States under 13 years of age and children in the European Union under 16 years of age are expressly prohibited from submitting or posting any Personal Information on the Sites.

### YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS

California residents are entitled to request and obtain from us once per calendar year information about your Personal Information shared with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, including the categories of information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we have shared such information. To request this information and for any other questions about our privacy practices and compliance with California law, please contact us as explained below in the “How to Contact Us” section.

### OUR COMMITMENT TO INFORMATION SECURITY

HE&R takes reasonable security precautions designed to secure the Personal Information that you choose to provide against the loss, misuse, alteration, or unauthorized access of such Personal Information. Unfortunately, no transmission of information over the Internet is guaranteed to be completely secure. It may be possible for third parties not under the control of HE&R to intercept or access transmissions or private communications unlawfully. While we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any Personal Information you transmit to us. Any such transmission is done at your own risk.

### CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect industry initiatives, changes in the law or technology, or changes in our practices regarding information collection and use. If we make revisions to the way we collect or use Personal Information or Anonymous Information, we may provide notice of those changes by either: (a) announcing the change on the home page of the Sites or (b) taking such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances, including without limitation, posting the revised draft of this Privacy Policy on the Sites. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the "Effective Date" legend at the top of this page. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will become effective upon posting of the revised Privacy Policy on the Sites. By continuing to use the Sites following such changes, you will be deemed to have agreed to such changes. If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, as it may be amended from time to time, in whole or in part, please do not continue using the Sites.

### ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR EU USERS

We process Personal Information as necessary to pursue our legitimate interest of providing the Sites to users, to communicate with users, send users information about our products and services, market our products and services to our users and to fulfill our contractual commitments. You have the right to access your Personal Information, correct inaccuracies in your Personal Information, request the erasure of your Personal Information and restrict the processing of your Personal Information. For more information about how you can access, rectify and erase your personal data, please contact the Website Manager, whose contact information is listed in the "How to Contact Us" section below. In addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority. 

We provide the Sites from servers located in the United States. If you provide personal data to us we will transfer your personal data to the United States where our servers are located. If you are using the Sites from the European Union, we will only transfer your personal information to the United States through the use of appropriate safeguards such as standard contractual clauses adopted by the European Commission or with your consent. 

### HOW TO CONTACT US

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, information gathered by the Sites, or about the operation of the Sites, please contact us at:

Website Manager  
c/o Hershey Entertainment & Resorts Company  
27 West Chocolate Ave.  
Hershey, PA 17033

or via email at:  
[Webmaster@HersheyPA.com](mailto:Webmaster@HersheyPA.com)
