> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the menshealth.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071215124323id_/http%3A//www.menshealth.co.uk/index.php/v2/9860) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy :: Privacy :: Mens Health

The information that you provide about yourself to Natmag-Rodale will only be used by Natmag-Rodale in accordance with its Privacy Policy. The Privacy Policy does not apply to third party sites 

Natmag-Rodale may from time to time invite you to provide personal information in order to provide you with services (such as email newsletters and competitions) and to enable you to order goods. In order to deliver such services or goods, Natmag-Rodale will need to process and store your personal information and may need to transfer it to affiliates and service providers for processing inside the European Economic Area. By submitting your personal information, you consent to such processing and transfers in connection with such orders, offers or services and for any other purposes to which you consent at the time you provide the information. In order to enable Natmag-Rodale to provide you with a personalised browsing experience, this site may use 'cookie' information collection technology. The information gathered by Natmag-Rodale cookies is limited to use within Natmag-Rodale for the purposes of enhancing your experience on our Sites. Natmag-Rodale will only use your personal information for purposes for which you have consented and will not sell or rent your personal information to third parties for marketing purposes without such consent. In order to protect your privacy, Natmag-Rodale is registered in accordance with and seeks to comply with the UK Data Protection Act 1998. Natmag-Rodale follows strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of personal information so as to prevent unauthorised access by third parties. Natmag-Rodale also requires those parties to whom Natmag-Rodale transfers personal information to comply with the same. If you have any queries about Natmag-Rodale privacy policy or any queries about the protection of personal information Natmag-Rodale holds about you, please write to: Natmag-Rodale, 72 Broadwick Street, London, W1F 9EP.

Data Protection: Natmag-Rodale and our sponsors and promoters may use your details to let you know about other products and services which we think would be of interest to you. Occasionally, we may also pass your details to selected companies. This will only be done with your permission so we advise you to check the tick boxes on the relevant form carefully. 

Natmag-Rodale is registered as a data controller under the Data Protection Act 1998. Natmag-Rodale, 72 Broadwick Street, London W1F 9EP. For more information please click http//:www.Natmag-Rodale.co.uk
