> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the asia-fashion-wholesale.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150615010139id_/http%3A//help.asia-fashion-wholesale.com/content/11/158/en/privacy-policy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# FAQ of Asia-Fashion-Wholesale.com - Privacy Policy

## **Privacy Policy**

On http://www.asia-fashion-wholesale.com (from now on, will be referred as asia-fashion-wholesale.com), visitor privacy is of our serious concern. This privacy policy page describes what kind of personal information may be received and collected by asia-fashion-wholesale.com and how the information will be used. 

### **Search Engine Ads**

As many other professional sites, asia-fashion-wholesale.com invest on the internet advertisement. Our advertise partners include bing Ads (Yahoo Ads). In order to maximize online advertising ROI and to find target clients, asia-fashion-wholesale.com applied some tracking codes generated by those search engines to record user IPs and page viewing flows.

### **Business Contact Data**

We collect all the business contact data sent through emails or web forms on asia-fashion-wholesale.com from visitors. The visitor identification and contact related data entered will be kept strictly for asia-fashion-wholesale.com’s internal use. Asia-fashion-wholesale.com will ensure the safety and proper usage of those data.

### **Information Usage**

We will only use your personally identifiable information as described below, unless you have specifically consented to another type of use, either at the time the personally identifiable information is collected from you or through some other form of consent from you:

1.We will use personally identifiable information to complete any orders you have placed.

2.We will use personally identifiable information to provide you with the specific services that you have requested, such as to reach a retailer.

3.We will use your personally identifiable information to respond to questions that you send to us.

4.We will use your personally identifiable information to send you emails from time to time, such as newsletters and notices about our promotions.

5.We may disclose personally identifiable information as required by law or legal process.

6.We may disclose personally identifiable information to investigate suspected fraud, harassment or other violations of any law, rule or regulation, or the terms or policies for the Web site.

7.If you decide that you no longer want to receive our newsletter you can click the unsubscribe link, found at the bottom of every newsletter we send, to instantly unsubscribe.

### **Corrections/Deactivating Your Account**

Upon your request, we will (a) correct or update your personal information; (b) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account. You can make these requests at the customer information section, or by telephoning, or emailing your request to asia-fashion-wholesale.com's Customer Support department.

### **Contact Our Customer Support Department:**

**Email:** asiafashionwholesale@gmail.com

**Tel:** 0086-21-62100732

**Contact Address:**

Room 402, No 2, Lane 889, Suide Road, Putuo District, Shanghai, China PC:200333
