> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the asics.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180515175049id_/http%3A//www.asics.com/gb/en-gb/customer-service/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# ASICS Privacy Policy | ASICS

We value the trust that you place in us by sharing your personal data with us. ASICS takes your privacy seriously and is committed to handling your personal data in a way that is fair and worthy of that trust. ASICS will take all reasonable steps to protect your information from misuse and keep it secure.  
We believe it is important to inform you about how we will use your personal data. Therefore, we encourage you to read this privacy policy carefully.

SUMMARY  
This privacy policy explains the types of personal data we collect and how we use and protect that information: 

Scope  
Who we are  
What personal data we collect  
How we collect personal data  
What we do with your personal data  
How we share your data  
If you are under 16 years of age  
International transfers of data  
Security and retention period  
Access and correction rights  
Deleting your account  
Other websites  
Changes to the policy  
Contact and queries 

SCOPE This privacy policy applies to all personal data that is collected or processed when you visit or use the websites, web shops, online or mobile services of ASICS, purchase something in our stores, participate in events or contests of ASICS or interact with us through social media. For purposes of this privacy policy, ‘personal data’ means any information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person, as described further below in ‘What Personal Data Do We Collect?’ 

WHO WE ARE  
ASICS is an international athletic equipment company, with headquarters in Japan and establishments worldwide. We produce and sell footwear, sports apparel and equipment designed for a wide range of sports. Our name is an acronym for the Latin phrase Anima Sana In Corpore Sano (sound mind and sound body). ASICS was founded on the belief that sports is the best way to create sound mind and body. Our brands include ASICS, ASICS Tiger, Onitsuka Tiger, Haglöfs and Runkeeper (provided by FitnessKeeper Inc.) For Haglöfs and Runkeeper, please check the privacy policy that is available at the relevant websites.  
ASICS Corporation, 7-1- 1, Minatojima-Nakamachi, Chuo-ku, Kobe 650-8555 Japan is together with ASICS Europe B.V., Taurusavenue 125, 2132 LS Hoofddorp, The Netherlands and your local ASICS company responsible for processing your personal data. Please check 2 your place of residence under ‘Contact and queries’ for more information. ASICS Corporation, ASICS Europe B.V. and your local ASICS company will be referred to hereafter as ‘ASICS’ or ‘we’. 

WHAT PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT?   
GENERAL   
The types of personal data we collect include data in relation to:   
Your contact details. Your name, postal address and other contact details, such as your telephone number and e-mail address, that we collect when you register for one of our online or mobile services, participate in an event or contest or purchase a product or service in our web shop or in one of our stores.  
Your ASICS ID and your accounts. Your sign in details, your ASICS user ID and the data you add to your accounts. Such data may include your name, your email address, your date of birth, your gender, your language, the time zone you live in and your picture.  
Our online services and applications. The information that we collect if you use our online services or applications, such as MY ASICS. For more information on the type of data we collect as part of these services, please see ‘Data relating to your training, condition and physique’ below.  
Your online orders. The data we collect if you visit our web shop or order a service or product online, such as the content of your abandoned shopping cart, the amount and date of your order, the products and services you purchase, payment method, payment status, discount, delivery method and delivery address.  
Your purchases in our stores. The data we collect if you purchase a product or service in one of our stores, such as the amount and date of your purchase, the product or service you purchase, payment method, discount and location of the store.  
Your events. The data we collect if you register for an event, such as the date and place of the event. For more information on the information that we collect as part of events, see ‘Your Events’ under ‘Data relating to your training, condition and physique’.  
Contests. The data we collect if you participate in a contest.  
Your memberships. Information in relation to your membership of one of our customer programs, such as the start date of your membership, duration of your membership and your membership number.  
Your reviews. The opinions, experiences, preferences and interests, and product or event reviews that you publish on our websites or share with us online or through social media, such as the experiences and tips you share on food and nutrition, gear, race day, training and performance and health and injuries. For more information see ‘Data relating to your training, condition and physique’ and ‘MY ASICS Exchange’.  
Communication. Your requests, any complaints you may have and any other data that we receive if we communicate with you via e-mail, online or via social media.  
DATA RELATING TO YOUR TRAINING, CONDITION AND PHYSIQUE  
We may also collect personal data in relation to your physique, condition, training schedule or sports performance. This personal data may – by itself or in combination – reveal information about your health and your location. This type of sensitive personal data we collect may include: 

Personal measurement. Your foot and clothes size and other personal measurement information that you share with us or add to your MY ASICS account, such as weight and height.  
Running specifics. Your current running shoe, which running type you are (underpronating, overpronating or neutral) and the level of your running.  
Tests and measurements. Measurement data we collect if you participate in one of our tests, such as Foot ID, Motion ID, Running Lab, 3D foot shape measurement, leg alignment measurement, body composition measurement, leg strength test, running form test and aerobic test. Measurement data that we collect during our tests may include heart rate, blood pressure, oxygen level in blood, fat and muscle mass weight and percentage, BMI, BMR, strength and endurance. We also process the test results, such as the identification of areas that may be predisposed to injury and our recommendations to prevent injuries, improve your performance or which ASICS shoes or apparel fits you best.  
Your events. The data we collect if you register for or partake in an event, including aimed race time, your current running abilities (the distance you can run and the time that you can run it in) and your track results.  
Your training data. The training data that you fill out on or generate through your use of MY ASICS (app or online), that you import from the Runkeeper app or from other apps or services from our partners or third parties, including your running experience and current running abilities (the distance you can run and the time that you can run it in), your training goal (aimed distance and race time), performance (distance and race time, records), training schedule (date, duration and type), your type of running (trail running, natural running or speed running).  
Your running and precise location data. The run data that you fill out on your MY ASICS account, that you log using the MY ASICS app, that are collected through sensors on your wearable device (such as GPS, accelerometer) or that you import from the Runkeeper app or other apps or services from our partners or third parties, including the date and time of your run, run duration, run distance, running route (including precise location data that shows your geographical position), running surface, altitude and elevation, your pace, your speed, your average heart rate and your gear.  
MY ASICS Exchange. The experiences and tips you share on food and nutrition, training and performance and health and injuries on MY ASICS Exchange. Your pictures. Pictures that you share with us online or through social media.  
Shared or published. Any other personal data that you share with us or publish on our websites in relation to your physique, condition, training schedule or sports performance, such as reason for running, whether you prefer to run alone or with friends, what other sports you enjoy and injuries suffered.  
We will only process this type of personal data with your prior consent or under your direction to do so. By adding this type of personal data to your MY ASICS account, participating in our tests, logging your runs, posting your experiences or tips on MY ASICS Exchange, or otherwise sharing this type of data with us in relation to our services, you agree that we will use your personal data for the purposes described in this policy (see ‘What we do with your personal data’). You may refuse or revoke your consent at any time. You can revoke your consent by deleting your account (see ‘Deleting your account’), editing the information in your MY ASICS account or your post on MY ASICS Exchange, adjusting the settings on your mobile device (such as withdrawing consent to future sharing of your precise location with ASICS) or by submitting a request to ASICS in your location referred to under ‘Contact and queries’ below. Please note that you may not be able to fully use our services when your refuse or revoke your consent. We will take reasonable steps to ensure that your data are properly secured in accordance with this privacy policy. 

TECHNICAL DATA AND COOKIES   
When you visit one of our websites or use one of our mobile apps, we automatically collect certain technical data, such as the type of computer operating system (e.g., Windows or Mac OS) and browser (e.g., Firefox, Internet Explorer or Safari) being used, your internet service provider, your IP address or, when appropriate, the address of the page that led you to visiting our website. We also receive an automatic notification if you open a newsletter or click on a link in our newsletter. ASICS uses cookies, pixel tags, local storage, scripts and similar technologies to offer you an optimal user experience, to keep track of statistics, and to be able to collect your feedback, among other things. Read more about cookies and similar technologies, and about how to opt out of certain uses of data collected through these mechanisms, in our cookie policies, which are available on our websites and in our apps. 

PARENTS AND GUARDIANS   
If you are under 16 years of age, we may also collect the contact details of your parents or legal guardians. Their personal data is required so that we may receive their consent to provide you with the services you have requested. For further information on how their personal data will be collected please see ‘If you are under 16 years of age’ below. 

HOW WE COLLECT PERSONAL DATA   
ASICS may obtain your personal data in a number of ways, for example when you create an ASICS ID or create or complete MY ASICS account or an account for one of ASICS' web shops, when you purchase a product or service online or in our stores, when you use MY ASICS (online or via our app) to create a training plan or log your runs, through the sensors of your wearable device, when you import data from the Runkeeper app or the app or services of one or our partners or third parties, when you share personal preferences, experiences or reviews with us online or through social media, when you communicate with us via e-mail, online or social media, when you subscribe to our newsletter, when you complete an event or membership registration form, or if you participate in one of our physical tests or measurements or in one of our contests. We also may obtain your personal data from our group companies (including Haglöfs Holding AB and its subsidiaries and FitnessKeeper Inc.) or one of our partners. For example, when you register for the service of such a partner and you agree that they may share your personal data with ASICS. If you do not want us to use personal data obtained from our partners, you can let us know by contacting ASICS in your location referred to under ‘Contact and queries’ below. 

WHAT WE DO WITH YOUR PERSONAL DATA   
GENERAL  
ASICS obtains and uses your personal data for the purposes set out below. Please be informed that insofar ASICS already holds information about you, ASICS may use that information for the same purposes. 

Your ASICS ID and your accounts. We use your contact details, account information and picture to activate and maintain your different accounts. For more information on your my ASICS profile, see ‘MY ASICS profile’. We also use your email address, password and ASICS user ID number to link these accounts together so you can use the same sign in details to access all our services. For more information, please see ‘ASICS ID and sign in’. We may also use this information to allow you to connect your ASICS ID accounts to your Runkeeper (i.e.,FitnessKeeper) accounts or the accounts of our partners.   
Our online services or applications. We will use your personal data to facilitate the use of our website, mobile apps and tools and to provide you with our services and allow you the use of our features in connection therewith. For more information on what information we use and how we use it for this purpose, see ‘MY ASICS Training Plans’ and ‘MY ASICS Profile’. Your online orders. We use your contact details, account information and the data we collect if you visit our web shop or order a service or product online, to facilitate the use of our web shop, handle your order, provide you with our products or services or to communicate with you in connection herewith. We may for example remind you per email of your abandoned cart or send you an order confirmation. Your purchases in our stores. We use the data we collect when you purchase something from our stores, to handle your purchase, deliver you the product or service and for administration and other purposes discussed in this policy. Test and measurement. We use your account information (such as gender and age), your personal measurement data, your running specifics, training data and test and measurement data to test and measure your performance and provide you with recommendations. For more information see ‘Tests and measurements’. With your consent (either opt-out or opt-in, depending on the circumstances), we may also use your data for statistical research and targeting (see ‘Statistical research’ and ‘Targeted marketing’). Contests and memberships. We use your contact details and the information we collect if you register for our contests or membership programs, to handle the registration and to facilitate those contests or membership programs. Your events. We use your contact details to register you for events. We also use your event data to provide you with a comprehensive overview of your performance and statistics. Statistical research. We use your personal data to conduct statistical research, evaluate our products, services, mobile applications and events and to improve them, to provide more responsive customer services and to improve the design and content of our websites, web shops and mobile applications. For more information on the personal data that we use for this purpose, see ‘Statistical research’. Targeted marketing. We use your personal data to – based on your preferences and interests – suggest and provide you with information about our products, services, applications and events. Such data may be collected through many of the sources listed in this section, including offline in stores and at events. For more information on the personal data that we use for this purpose, see ‘Targeted marketing’ below. Newsletter. We use your contact details to register you for and send you reminders and newsletters via email or push notifications. Our newsletter may contain information in relation to all of our brands (see ‘Who we are’). Communication. We use your contact details and your requests and complaints to process these requests and complaints and to communicate with you. Compliance. Where necessary we use your personal data to comply with applicable laws and regulations; investigate or prevent illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of our terms and conditions, or threats to the property or safety of any person; and protect our legal rights or defend against legal claims.   
Specific purpose. If we have clearly communicated a specific purpose for use of your data at the time you voluntarily submit or publish that data, we will use the data for that purpose as well. 

ASICS ID AND SIGN IN   
With ASICS ID your accounts will be linked so you can use the same sign in details (email address and password) to access all our services and applications, the services and applications of our group companies (including Haglöfs Holding AB and its subsidiaries and FitnessKeeper Inc.) and (where possible) the services and applications of selected partners. Every time you sign in with ASICS ID for a service or application, your account for that service or application will be linked with your ASICS ID. You may also sign in to an ASICS service or application using a social networking account, such as a Facebook account. In this situation the social networking site may make some information about you available to us. Please see the privacy policy for the social networking site to learn more. 

MY ASICS PROFILE   
Your MY ASICS profile is hidden by default. You can choose to change your settings so your profile becomes public. This means that other registered users of MY ASICS and visitors of our website or applications (including non-MY ASICS registered users) can see your profile. You can customize your public profile when you edit your profile. Before you change your settings to public, you can preview your public profile. You can also choose to connect your MY ASICS profile to your social media account. This will make it easier for you to share your training plans, performance and tips and experiences via social media. In this situation the social networking site may make some information about you available to us. Please see the privacy policy for the social networking site to learn more. You can disconnect your MY ASICS account and hide your public profile any time again by changing your settings in your MY ASICS account. Please note that this will not remove existing posts on your social media account, so you will need to delete those directly on the social networking site. 

MY ASICS TRAINING PLANS   
MY ASICS lets you create a smart, customized training plan. For that purpose we provide you with your training plan on the basis of the following information: Basic personal and training data. Your gender, age, goals (run distance and run time), the running event you wish to partake in and your current running abilities (the distance you can run and the time that you can run it in). Other profile information. Your weight, height, location and diet, but only if you have filled out this information on your MY ASICS profile. When you remove this personal data from your MY ASICS account, we will no longer use that data to customize your training plan.   
Log data. MY ASICS allows you to log the date and time of your run, run duration, run distance, running route (including location data that shows your geographical position), running surface, altitude and elevation, your pace, your speed, your average heart rate and your gear. You can log your run manually online or automatically via the app. For that last purpose we may use the sensors of your wearable device to collect data.   
Data from other apps or services. You may enrich your run results with data from other apps or services, including Runkeeper. Please see the privacy policy of these other apps or services to learn more about the data they make available to us and how they process your information. When you import run results from other apps or services, you may choose to have us compare those run results with your training plan using automated tools. If the outcome of the comparison is that the plan is no longer appropriate, we will ask you whether you would like to receive a new, more appropriate plan.   
Public data. We may enrich your run data with data from public sources, such as weather forecasts based on your location (expected temperature, humidity, wind) and traffic forecasts (chance of air pollution) to further customize your training plan, allow you to adjust a specific run to the concrete circumstances or provide you with more detailed information about your runs.   
You can choose to sync the data collected through the app with your online MY ASICS account. We store the data on our servers to provide you access to the data collected with the app through your my ASICS account and for other purposes discussed in this policy. This allows you to have a more complete and comprehensive overview of your running data and training statistics.   
You may choose to share your run results with other end users or your friends through your public MY ASICS profile (see ‘MY ASICS Profile’), social media (see ‘Social media’) or otherwise. You may also choose to export or upload your data into other apps or services. Please see the privacy policy of these other apps or services to learn more about how they process your information.   
You can always access your run data through your MY ASICS account. 

TESTS AND MEASUREMENTS   
At your request ASICS may measure or test your physique, strength, motion or endurance through services such as Foot ID, Motion ID, Running Lab (3D foot shape measurement, leg alignment measurement, body composition measurement, leg strength test, running form test and aerobic test). Together with other information you have provided to us (such as your gender, age, personal measurement data, running specifics or training data, see ‘Data relating to your training, physique and condition’), we analyse the results of these tests and measurements to advise you, for example on how to improve your running ability, boost your performance or what ASICS shoes or apparel fit you and suit your running style best. With your consent (either opt-out or opt-in, depending on the circumstances), we may also use your data for statistical research and targeting (see ‘Statistical research’ and ‘Targeted marketing’). 

MY ASICS EXCHANGE   
If you are a registered user of MY ASICS, you can share your experiences and tips on food and nutrition, gear, race day, training and performance and health and injuries on MY ASICS Exchange. You can share your tips and experiences by responding to questions via multiple choice answers or text free entry answers. Other users (including non-MY ASICS registered users) can see your responses by reading the page of the question. You can also share your answers via social media. You can easily edit your answers on MY ASICS Exchange any time. It is not possible though to edit social shares via MY ASICS Exchange. Please note that some of the tips and experiences may qualify as health data (see ‘Data relating to your training, condition and physique’). 

SOCIAL MEDIA   
Information in relation to social networking sites may be available to ASICS in several ways, such as:   
When you sign in for our services or applications using a social networking account (for more information, see ‘ASICS ID and sign-in’); When you connect your MY ASICS profile to your social media account (for more information, see ‘MY ASICS profile’); When you make information publicly available on or via your social networking account, for example when you share your MY ASICS Exchange tips or experiences on Facebook; When you communicate with us through social media. We only use this information in accordance with this privacy policy. Please see the privacy policy for the social networking sites that you use to learn more about the data they make available to us and how they process your information. 

STATISTICAL RESEARCH   
We use automatic tools to perform statistical research into general trends in the use of our websites, online and mobile services, web shops, stores, products and services, memberships, events, contests and social media. The information we use for our research includes your postal code and country of residence, your age, your gender, your purchase history, technical information we receive if you visit one of our websites, technical information that we receive if you open one of our newsletters or click on any link in our newsletter, the information we collect through cookies and similar technologies, and the opinions, experiences, preferences and interests, and product and event reviews that you share with us online (including via MY ASICS Exchange) or via social media.   
With your consent (either opt-out or opt-in, depending on the circumstances), we may also use personal data in relation to your physique, condition, training schedule or sports performance for statistical research into general trends. This personal data may – by itself or in combination – reveal information about your health and your location. In particular, we may use the following information:   
The personal data that we collect or process for our test and measurement services (see ‘Test and measurement’); The personal data that we collect or process for MY ASICS training plans (see ‘MY ASICS training plans’); The personal data that we collect or process as part of our events (see ‘Data relating to your training, condition and physique’ under ‘Events’). We also use aggregated data that are disconnected from your name and email address for research purposes to detect general trends in the use of our websites, online and mobile services, web shops, stores, products and services, memberships, events, contests and social media. This enables us to develop better services, products, events and offerings, to provide more responsive customer service and to improve the design and content of our websites, web shops and mobile applications. 

TARGETED MARKETING   
With your consent (either opt-out or opt-in, depending on the circumstances), ASICS may from time to time use your personal data to send you automated email messages, push notifications or marketing materials regarding our and our group companies’ (including Haglöfs’ and Runkeeper’s) products, services and events and the products, services and events of our partners and third party suppliers.   
We know each of our customers is different and has other interests and preferences that make them unique. Therefore we use automatic tools to analyze your personal data so we can understand what is relevant to you. For more information on the type of personal data we analyse for this purpose see ‘Statistical Research’. This allows us to tailor our messages and notifications to your specific interests and preferences.   
You may revoke your consent for receiving such marketing email messages or push notifications at any time, free of charge by following the instructions in any marketing communication. You can also control these preferences in your profile settings. ASICS will then stop applying the research results to you at an individual level and will stop sending you marketing email messages or push notifications. However, we may still use your data at an aggregate level for statistical reports (see ‘Statistical research’). 

THIRD-PARTY ANALYTICS AND ADVERTISING   
We partner with certain third parties to engage in analytics, auditing, research and reporting. We also may enable third-party tracking mechanisms to collect data over time and across unaffiliated websites for use in interest-based advertising or to establish connections among related web browsers and devices (such as smartphones, tablets, computers and TVs). These third parties may use web logs, pixel tags or similar technologies to collect personal or other data through our services, and they may set and access cookies on your computer or other device. For more information about such third-party practices and how to opt out, please see our cookie policies. Our services currently do not respond to Do Not Track browser signals. 

HOW WE SHARE YOUR DATA   
We may share your personal data with the following parties:   
Group companies. We may share your personal data within our group of companies (including Haglöfs Holding AB and its subsidiaries and FitnessKeeper Inc.) and receive data from these companies for the purposes described in this privacy policy. For example, ASICS may offer you a service or application in co-operation with a group company (see ‘MY ASICS training plans’) or ASICS or a group company may send you email messages, push notifications or marketing materials that contain offers for or promote a combination of brands (see ‘Targeted marketing’). We do maintain a strict access policy designed to ensure that only employees with a need to know have access to your data. These employees are bound to keep your information confidential. Service providers. We may also share your personal data with trusted third parties that perform business functions (e.g. hosting of our websites, analyzing data or performing audits) or provide services on our behalf (e.g. support services). Consistent with applicable legal requirements, we take commercially reasonable steps to require third parties to adequately safeguard your personal data and only process it in accordance with our instructions. Partners. Sometimes ASICS offers you a service or application in co-operation with partners. In such cases, we may exchange your personal data with these partners to allow you to make optimal use of our combined services or applications. For that same purpose we may also receive personal data from these partners. We will share your data with these partners in a manner consistent with your choices and preferences. We also organize events in a joint marketing effort with other companies. When you register for such an event, your personal data will be shared with these companies. Prior to registration, we will inform you about the co-operation with these companies and let you know who these companies are. Note that the companies (with whom we offer a combined service or organize an event) often have their own privacy policies that apply to the way they use your personal data. These privacy policies sometimes differ from the ASICS privacy policy. For information on how these companies may use your information, please see their privacy policies. You may request that we not disclose your personal data to unaffiliated third parties, such as our partners, for their own direct marketing purposes by contacting the ASICS company in your place of residence referred to under in ‘Contact and queries’ below. Third-party plugins.Our services may integrate certain third-party plug-ins (such as a Facebook “like” button). Even if you do not click on these plug-ins, they may collect information about you, such as your IP address and the pages that you view. They also may set and/or access a cookie. These plugins are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them. If ownership of ASICS changes as a result of a merger, acquisition, or a transfer, your personal data may be transferred to the successor entity. If such transfer takes place, we will notify you on our website of any material changes to this privacy policy. We may also disclose your personal data if disclosure is required by law; to investigate or prevent illegal activities, suspected fraud, violations of our terms and conditions, or threats to the property or safety of any person; or to protect our legal rights or defend against legal claims. 

IF YOU ARE UNDER 16 YEARS OF AGE   
Our websites, mobile apps and services are not directed to children under 13 years of age. If you believe we have collected information about a child under the age of 13, please contact us (see ‘Contact and Queries’ below) so that we may take appropriate steps to delete such information. If you are at least 13 but under 16 years of age, please get the consent of your parent or legal guardian before you give us any personal data about yourself. Your parent or guardian should contact us at the email address below and provide us with their name, e-mail address, street address, telephone number, and any other identifying information that we may request. ASICS needs this information in order to verify that they have provided the necessary consent. We may follow up by phone or other means in some circumstances. IF YOU ARE AT LEAST 13 BUT UNDER 16 YEARS OF AGE, DO NOT CONTACT US OR PROVIDE US WITH ANY PERSONAL DATA UNTIL AFTER YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN HAS SENT US AN E-MAIL CONSENTING TO YOUR CONTACT AND PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION. 

INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA   
Please be informed that ASICS may transfer and process any personal data you provide to us to countries other than your country of residence, such as the United States of America. The laws of these countries may not afford the same level of protection to your personal data. ASICS will therefore seek to ensure that all adequate safeguards are in place and that all applicable laws and regulations are complied with in connection with such transfer. 

SECURITY AND RETENTION PERIOD   
ASICS will take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal data are properly secured using appropriate technical, physical, and organizational measures, so that they are protected against unauthorised or unlawful use, alteration, unauthorised access or disclosure, accidental or wrongful destruction, and loss. Your personal data will be retained for as long as required for the above purposes or in so far as such is necessary for compliance with statutory obligations and for solving any disputes. 

ACCESS AND CORRECTION RIGHTS   
You can request access to, and have the opportunity to update and amend your personal data, and you can exercise any other rights you enjoy under applicable data protection laws, including, for example, objection to the processing of your personal data, by contacting the ASICS entity in your location referred to under ‘Contact and queries’ below. For security reasons, we reserve the right to take steps to authenticate your identity before providing access to your personal data. Subject to applicable law, we may charge you a small fee to access your personal data. If you are an US California resident under 18 years of age and a registered user of our services, you may request that we remove content and information that you post on our services. To obtain removal of such content and information, please send us an email to californiaprivacy@asics.com with a short description of the content or information you would like to have removed. Please note that such a request does not necessarily ensure complete or comprehensive removal of content posted by you, since the content and information may remain in our databases, may remain visible in a manner that does not identify you, or may have been re-posted by another user. 

DELETING YOUR ACCOUNT   
If you no longer require your account, you may permanently delete it. Please note that you will not be able to reactivate your account or retrieve any personal data such as your training plan(s) in your MY ASICS account, so you may want to download any information before deletion. To delete your account you must sign-in with via our website, and choose the option to delete your account. 

OTHER WEBSITES   
Our websites and mobile applications contain links to third-party websites; if you follow these links, you will exit our websites or mobile applications. While these third-party websites are selected with care, ASICS cannot accept liability for the use of your personal data by these organizations. For more information, please consult the privacy statement of the website you are visiting (if such a statement is provided). 

CHANGES TO THE POLICY   
We may change this privacy policy from time to time by posting the updated version of the privacy policy on our websites and applications. We will give you reasonable notice on our websites of any material change. The “effective date” at the top of this policy indicates when such changes will take effect. We encourage you to visit frequently to stay informed about how we use your personal data. 

CONTACT AND QUERIES   
If you have any questions regarding the processing of your personal data or this privacy policy, please contact the ASICS company in your place of residence. You will find the contact details below. 
