> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the velogames.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140526135208id_/http%3A//velogames.com/spring-classics/2014/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Velogames Fantasy Cycling Spring Classics 2014

### Privacy Policy

## Overview

Your privacy is important. This privacy policy is intended to give you confidence in the privacy and security of the personal information that Velogames Fantasy Cycling obtains from you. 

The information collected is used to improve the gaming experience, provide content to the web pages, used to notify consumers about updates to othe Web site and used, by Velogames, to contact users for marketing purposes. 

## Collection of Personal Information

When you sign up an account or enter a game at Velogames Fantasy Cycling, you will be asked for your name, username and email address. 

If you qualify to win a prize through playing a Velogames Fantasy Cycling game, you may be asked to provide additional information, such as address, date of birth and telephone number, in order for the prize to be fulfilled. 

## Use of Personal Information

Velogames uses personal information collected from users to improve the game experience. 

**Director Name**

The name of each user is listed next to the team name on several pages on the website, including Team Roster Page, Main Leaderboard pages and Mini League pages. Users are allowed to enter a "fake" director name if they do not want their actual name to appear on the website. 

**Username**

The username is a single-word indentifier, chosen by the user, that will be used for purposes of logging in to the site and to identify logged-in users by means of a Session cookie. This enables the relevant user-specific pages to be shown to the logged-in user, and prevents other visitors of the site accessing team management and account information pages that are specific to the logged-in user. For further details, please see the section on Cookies, below. 

**Email**

Each user must sign up with a valid email address. The valid email address is used to ensure that each user only enters one team, for games where there is a limit of one team per user. 

Email addresses are also used to communicate with each user by means of alert emails, which include New Game Announcements, Deadline Approaching emails and also emails automatically generated by the website to provide confirmation of Account Creation, Team Entry and Change of Account details. 

Users may opt-out of receiving New Game and Deadline Approaching emails by clicking on the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of each email. 

**Nationality**

The nationality of each team entered into the game is collected on the Team Entry page. 

Team nationality is shown on the team roster page, and could also be used for the purpose of generating National Leaderboards. 

Nationalities recorded are compiled for marketing purposes into a profile of user nationalities, so that a Geographic User Split can be generated for the purpose of showing to prospective advertisers. 

## Cookies

**Session Cookies**

Velogames uses cookies to record session information, enabling the website to identify and remember a logged-in user. 

This allows the website to show the relevant user-specific pages to logged-in users, such as their individual team roster page. Session cookies are also used to enable authentication on team management pages, such as the Select Team page, Make Transfers page and Join Leagues page, to ensure that only logged-in users are able to make team management changes on their own team. 

Session Cookies can be set to be stored between User Sessions. Users who click the "Remember Me" box upon log-in will have their session cookie stored for multiple visits to Velogames from the same computer. This means that users do not have to log in on each visit to the website. 

A Session Cookie set up using the "Remember Me" feature is automatically closed when the user logs in to Velogames on another computer - users cannot be logged in to a single account on two different computers at the same time. 

Users who share access with other individuals to a single computer are advised to uncheck the "Remember Me" feature, since they could remain logged in the the website while another user uses the same computer. 

**Advertising Cookies**

Certain third-party adverts are hosted on the site, which use cookies to record user behaviour such as page loads and clicks on adverts. 

These advertising cookies enable Velogames' advertising partners to deliver user-specific advertising, and also enable advertisers to record advertisement performance and user behaviour for their own analysis. 

Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to Velogames Fantasy Cycling. 

Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to users based on their visit to Velogames and/or other sites on the Internet. 

Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network [privacy policy](http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/). 

The current third-party advertising networks that Velogames retrieves adverts from are [Google Adsense](http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/) and [Affiliate Window](http://uk.affiliatewindow.com/homepage/about-us/). 

## Sharing of Personal Information

The personal infomation collected by Velogames is not shared with any other organisation without explicit authorisation from the user. 

Such authorisation will be requested in two instances, namely (i) Prize Fulfillment and (ii) Marketing Opt-Ins. 

**Prize Fulfillment**

In the event that a user wins a prize, the user will be requested to provide Velogames with their address and phone number, and be asked to give consent that this information is forwarded to the prize sponsor in charge of delivering the prize. The prize sponsor will be aked by Velogames to use this information for the sole purpose of Prize Fulfillment. Additional use of the information, such as for Promotional Material in relation to the prize, will need to discussed between the individual winer and prize sponsor. 

**Marketing Opt-Ins**

Occasionally, Velogames will be asked by Game sponsors to gather personal information relating users who sign up to a game or league, for the purpose of providing future martketing-based initiatives. In these instances, Velogames will include an opt-in box on the team or league sign-up page, requiring the user to opt-in to the scheme. Comments next to the opt-in box will state what information will be transferred to the third-party partner in the event that the user opts in to the scheme. If the user does not click the Opt-In box, then no personal information will be transferred to the third-party. 

## Contact Details

If you have any questions or comments, or if you feel that this site is not following the above-stated privacy policy, you may contact me at the following address: 

george@Velogames.com 

George Chapman  
Velogames Fantasy Cycling  
7 Hazel Court  
1 Hamilton Road  
London  
W5 2EE  
United Kingdom  

