> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fcbayern.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160623204231id_/http%3A//www.fcbayern.de/en/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - FC Bayern München AG

This website is operated by FC Bayern München AG. The protection of your personal data is very important to us. In accordance with the statutory provisions, we use this data, for example, for the execution of the contract, for provision of services or in order to inform you by email about our goods and services, which are similar to goods or services you have ordered. For the purpose of solvency checks, in justified cases we exchange address and solvency data with credit service companies. You may object to the use, processing or transmission of your data for advertising purposes or for purposes of market and opinion research at any time, by sending an email to [datenschutz@fcb.de](mailto:datenschutz@fcb.de), including your complete address and/or your customer ID. We will inform you again about your right of objection in each commercial communication sent to you. In accordance with §15 para. 3 TMG (Telemediengesetz [German Telemedia Act]), we use the web analysis programs Piwik/Econda, the online marketing platform BOMP, Google Remarketing* and Criteo* to collect data (e.g. plug-ins, browser, duration of stay, language used, etc.) for purposes of marketing and improvement, and will process and store this information to make our services meet your demands. We can create user profiles and target group segments under a pseudonym using such data. These user profiles will be used for targeted marketing or information campaigns. Without the separate consent of the person affected, the data collected with the web analysis will not be used to personally identify the visitor of the website and will not be merged with the personal data of the person who bears the pseudonym.

*Remarketing and Criteo help to collect and store anonymized information about browsing habits for marketing purposes (targeting/retargeting). This data is saved on your computer by means of cookies. By using an algorithm, targeted product recommendations can then be shown as personalized banner ads on other websites (so-called publishers). This data is not used to personally identify the website visitor. The data collected is used to improve the offering.

You have the right to object to the following programs/uses. To be able to use this objection function, cookies must be activated on your internet browser.

  * For Econda Web Analysis (only for the fan shop) please click [here](http://www.econda.com/econda/company/data-protection/revocation-of-data-storage/).
  * For Piwik Web Analysis (for the rest of the website) please click [here](http://www.fcbayern.de/en/objection-webanalysis/index.php).
  * For BOMP Online Marketing Platform (for the whole website incl. shop) please click [here](http://www.fcbayern.de/en/objection-bomp/index.php).
  * For Google (for the whole website incl. shop) please use the following link: [www.google.de/settings/ads](http://www.google.de/settings/ads)
  * Criteo (for the whole website incl. shop) please use the following link: <http://www.criteo.com/de/privacy/>



Some of our services require us to use so-called cookies. Cookies are small quantities of data that your internet browser saves on your computer. Information about your visit on our website can be saved in cookies. We use cookies only in the event of active participation in certain offers and services (e.g. ticketing, online shop, stadium information). Google Remarketing uses the DoubleClick cookie on websites of the Google advertising network and for certain Google services to support AdWords customers and publishers in placing and managing ads. If you call up a website and show or click on an ad placed via websites of the Google advertising network, a DoubleClick cookie may be placed on your browser. The DoubleClick cookie identifier associated with your browser is the same identifier used when you visit websites that use DoubleClick advertising services. If you already have a DoubleClick cookie on your browser, no additional DoubleClick cookie should be placed. For further information about the use of DoubleClick cookies in connection with the advertising program of DoubleClick, please see <https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/2839090>

In the case of a permanent cookie, e.g. our “stay logged in” button, your login information will be stored for 30 days on the device with which you last logged in successfully. So you must be careful when using publicly accessible computers. Most browsers are set by default in such a way that they accept cookies, but you can configure your browser so that it does not accept cookies, or asks for your prior approval. If you reject cookies, this may, however, result in a part of our services not being available to you.

If you participate in the Miles & More program and would like to be credited any premium miles collected when making a purchase with us, or if you would like to redeem your premium miles in a purchase from us, we will transmit the data necessary for the credit to Miles & More International GmbH, Dornhofstraße 100, 63263 Neu-Isenburg.

We have integrated social plug-ins from the social networks Facebook, Twitter and Google+ into our websites. You can identify the plug-ins by the companies’ logos. If you visit one of our web pages that contains such a plug-in (e.g. Facebook “Like” button), your browser establishes a direct connection with the social network’s servers. The FC Bayern München does not receive information about the transmitted data. In order to prevent social networks from collecting data about you during your visit to the FC Bayern München website, you must log out of all social networks prior to the start of your visit to the FC Bayern München website. By using the Social Connect button from the respective provider (Facebook, Twitter, Google+) during registration on our website, registration data is only transferred with the consent of the user. Information regarding the purpose and scope of data collection by social networks, further processing use of data by social networks, as well as your rights and ability to change settings in this regard in order to protect your privacy, may be found in the privacy notices on the respective social networks.

Valid from April 2016
