> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the uxpin.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141120132721id_/http%3A//www.uxpin.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# UXPin Privacy Policy

Effective Date: Oct 10, 2014

## PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes how UXPin Sp. z o.o. a Polish company with business address at Abrahama Street No 37/8, 81 - 366 Gdynia, Poland, entered into commercial register of the Polish Court Register held by the District Court Gdańsk - North in Gdańsk No 0000400136, with share capital of 66,100.00 PLN, TAX ID NO: PL5862274376 and its affiliates (“UXPin” or “we” or “our” or “us”) treats information collected or provided in connection with a customer’s (“you” or “your”) use of the UXPin software-as-a-service (the "Service") website located at [http://www.uxpin.com](http://www.uxpin.com/) (the “Site”). 

Any customer intending to use the Site is requested to read this Policy carefully prior to any use of the Site, as this Policy shall apply to any use of the UXPin software-as-a-service located at the Site. If you shall not agree to any provisions of this Policy, please refrain from using the Site. Full text of this Policy is available at the Site and each customer is fully entitled to download, store and record this Policy.

Please note that your use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of this Policy as set forth below:

  1. Collected Information. The information collected during your use of the Site includes the following:
    1. Submitted Information. When registering for an account on UXPin, we will collect the following information: (i) your e-mail address and (ii) a unique password. When paying to use the Site, we may collect information from you including: name and surname or company name, evidential numbers (tax identity number, registration number in relevant court, administrative or commercial registers - in case of corporate entities), billing address and credit card information. If you submit payment information, we do not store credit card numbers you may use to make payments on the Site. Payment information is passed on to our third-party payment processors, PayPal Inc. and PayLane Sp. z.o.o., which handle payments and refunds for us. For information on PayPal’s privacy practices, you can review their privacy policy at <https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full>. For information on PayLane’s privacy practices, you can review their privacy policy at <http://paylane.com/privacy-policy>. 
    2. Automatically Collected Information. When you use the Site, we gather certain non-personally identifiable information from you, and this information can be associated with your Site account. This includes usage information, such as information on when, how often and for how long you use the Site, as well as server log data such as a computer’s IP address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site.
    3. Cookies. “Cookies” are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters that are downloaded by your web browser when you visit a website. The use of cookies is very common. We may use both session cookies and persistent cookies when you access and use the Site. Cookies are used to remember your Site account information and your preferences, to customize the interface of the Site for you and to assist us in measuring and analyzing Site traffic, usage and performance. Third-party web analytics service providers we engage, including Google Analytics, Mixpanel, Inc., KISSmetrics and Intercom, may use cookies in order to provide analytics services for the Site to us. A session cookie disappears after you close your browser. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site. Persistent cookies can be removed. Please review your browser’s documentation to learn the best way to modify your cookie settings. For information on Google’s privacy practices, you can review their privacy policy at [. For information on Mixpanel’s privacy practices, you can review their privacy policy at ](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy)<http://www.mixpanel.com/privacy>. For information on KISSmetric’s privacy practices, you can review their privacy policy at <http://www.kissmetrics.com/privacy>. For information on Intercom’s privacy practices, you can review their privacy policy at <http://docs.intercom.io/privacy>.
    4. Tracking and Third-Party Cookies. Like many websites, the Site does not respond to “do not track” browser headers. But you can take steps to limit tracking by erasing cookies from your computer’s hard drive and by setting your browser to block all cookies or warn you before a cookie is stored.
  2. Use of Information. We internally use the information we collect about you as follows:
    1. Account Maintenance. We may otherwise use the collected information for the purposes for which you provided the information including, for example, to create and maintain a Site account for you or to respond to a question that you e-mail to us. We also use the collected information as necessary to provide the features and functionality of the Site to you.
    2. Updates and Troubleshooting. We may also use the collected information to contact you regarding updates or modifications to the Site, to help troubleshoot problems or to alert you to changes in our policies or agreements that may affect your use of the Site.
    3. Personalized Content. We may use the collected information to personalize the content that you and others see based on personal characteristics or preferences. We may also analyze collected information relating to your use of the Site in order to help us improve the Site and develop and improve other products and services.
    4. Promotional Offers. We may use the collected information to provide you with promotional materials and offers. However, we will give you the ability to opt out of receiving such e-mails in accordance with applicable law. We will not provide your personally identifiable information to third parties for their own marketing purposes without your consent, which shall be voluntary - the absence of such consent shall in no way limit your ability to use the Service.
  3. Disclosure of Information. We share and disclose the information we collect about you as follows:
    1. Third-Party Service Providers. We use contractors and third-party service providers who may collaborate with us on development or maintenance of the Site and such third-party contractors or service providers may obtain access to the information you provide, including personally identifiable information. We shall inform you of such disclosure if it should involve any personal data of a natural person. The third-party contractors or service providers are required to protect this information in a manner that is consistent with this Policy by, for example, not using the information for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us. We encourage you to request such third parties to provide you with their applicable privacy policies and other terms and conditions before engaging with such third parties.
    2. E-mail Services Providers. We may provide third-party e-mail services providers, including Mailchimp and Mandrill, with your e-mail address for purposes of managing our e-mail communications with you. For information on Mailchimp’s privacy practices, you can review their privacy policy at <http://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy>. For information on Mandrill’s privacy practices, you can review their privacy policy at <http://www.mandrill.com/privacy>.
    3. Advertising Services Providers. We use services provided by AdRoll and Perfect Audience in order to service ads across the web to users after they leave the Site. This is a common advertising practice often called "retargeting". As such, when you visit the Site, you may receive a cookie from AdRoll and/or Perfect Audience so that these services can recognize your browser on third party websites for purposes of showing you an advertisement that we have selected. For more information on these services and your choices, please visit <http://www.adroll.com/about/privacy> and <http://www.perfectaudience.com/privacy/>.
    4. Customer Support. We may use third-party customer support platforms, including Desk.com and Olark, in connection with your submitted information to help you troubleshoot problems relating to UXPin. For information on Desk.com’s privacy practices, you can review their privacy policy at http://www.desk.com/privacy. For information on Olark’s privacy practices, you can review their privacy policy at <http://www.olark.com/tos>.
    5. Business Arrangements. We may disclose non-personally identifiable information to third-party partners in furtherance of our business arrangements with them, including without limitation to jointly offer a product or service to you or create interoperability between our products and services and the products and services of such partners.
    6. Legal Requirement. We will use and disclose information where we, in good faith, believe that the law or legal process (such as a court order, search warrant or subpoena) requires us to do so or in other circumstances where we believe it is necessary to protect the rights or property of UXPin, our customers and/or third parties.
    7. Affiliates. We may disclose this information to our affiliates for use as described in this Policy.
    8. Disclosure by You. We provide you with the ability to share information relating to your usage of the Site via a link that you can share with others on external websites. If you choose to engage in such sharing, please be aware that your submission of such information will be subject to the privacy policies and practices of that other website (if any) and that we cannot control how third parties who access such information may use or disclose it.
  4. Effective Date; Changes. This Policy applies to all information collected by or provided to us on and after the Effective Date. When we make any material changes to this Policy, we will change the Effective Date. We will treat your continued use of the Site following such change as your acceptance of the changes. However, we will seek your affirmative consent prior to applying any material change to this Policy on how we use or disclose personally identifiable information to information we collected or received prior to the date of the change.
  5. Viewing and Amending Information. You can log into your account and view or amend your account information at any time. To the extent you decline to share certain information with us, we may not be able to provide some of the features and functionalities found on the Site. Please note that while changes to your profile information are reflected promptly in active customer databases, we may retain all of your information.
  6. Security. The information we collect about you is stored in limited access servers. We will maintain reasonable safeguards to protect the security of these servers and your personally identifiable information. However, no security measures are 100% effective and we cannot guarantee the security of your personally identifiable information. We expressly disclaim any representation or warranty, whether express or implied, with respect to ensuring, guaranteeing or otherwise offering any definitive promise of security in connection with your personal or usage information.
  7. Children Under 13. We do not knowingly collect information from children under 13 and the Site is not directed at children under 18. If you are a parent and believe your child under the age of 13 has used the Site and provided personally identifiable information to us through the Site, please contact us at the email and address provided in Section 10 of this Policy and we will work to delete that Site account.
  8. Transfer as Corporate Asset. In the event of a merger, sale of capital stock or assets, reorganization, consolidation or similar transaction involving UXPin, the information we possess, including personally identifiable information, shall be transferred as a corporate asset to the acquiring entity, provided that such entity will continue to handle such information in accordance with this Policy.
  9. Transfer to the U.S. or Other Countries. UXPin uses facilities in the United States and Poland. Your information will be stored and processed in the United States, Poland or other countries where UXPin has facilities. By using the Site, you consent to the transfer of information outside of your country, even if your country has more rigorous data protection standards.
  10. Personal Data of Natural Persons. Be advised that any personal data regarding natural persons that you may share with us due to your use of the Site (the "Personal Data") will be handled and secured in accordance with applicable provisions of law, that is, laws of the State of California or laws of Republic of Poland (depending on where such data will be obtained and processed), in particular, provisions of Polish Act of 29th August 1997 on the Personal Data Protection. You are fully entitled to benefit from protection deriving from the applicable laws stated above - in particular, please be advised of the following:
    1. UXPin Sp. o.o. shall be the administrator of any Personal Data that you may share with us,
    2. We shall cease to process your Personal Data after your subscription to use the Services elapses or is terminated, with exception stated in item 3) below,
    3. After your subscription to use the Services elapses or is terminated, we may only process your Personal Data as required for: a) calculation of the Service and submitting any possible claims for payments for the Service that may be due to us; b) determinations regarding any forbidden or unlawful use of the Service; c) fulfill any particular obligations or entitlements deriving from applicable laws; d) marketing, promotion and market or consumer preference research or for business or Service development - in this last example - with your separate consent and only until such consent is withdrawn, which you are entitled to do at any time,
    4. We have implemented and continue to ensure that any Personal Data that you may share with us is secured with SSL encryption, which aim to prevent any unauthorized third party from coming into possession or modifying any electronically transmitted Personal Data,
    5. You are fully entitled to modify and even delete any Personal Data you have provided us with - in order to do so please communicate your request with an email sent to: [hello@uxpin.com](mailto:hello@uxpin.com) or send us a letter to the business address of our Company indicated above.
  11. Contacting Us. If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at [hello@uxpin.com](mailto:hello@uxpin.com) or at the business address of our Company indicated above.



 **What Are Cookies**

As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality. For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies...

 **How We Use Cookies**

We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately is most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.

 **Disabling Cookies**

You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.

 **The Cookies We Set**

If you create an account with us then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. These cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.

We use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. This prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. These cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.

This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.

This site offers e-commerce or payment facilities and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly.

When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.

In order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.

 **Third Party Cookies**

In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.

This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content. For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.

Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.

From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.

As we sell products it's important for us to understand statistics about how many of the visitors to our site actually make a purchase and as such this is the kind of data that these cookies will track. This is important to you as it means that we can accurately make business predictions that allow us to monitor our advertising and product costs to ensure the best possible price.

The Google AdSense service we use to serve advertising uses a DoubleClick cookie to serve more relevant ads across the web and limit the number of times that a given ad is shown to you. For more information on Google AdSense see the official Google AdSense privacy FAQ.

In some cases we may provide you with custom content based on what you tell us about yourself either directly or indirectly by linking a social media account. These types of cookies simply allow us to provide you with content that we feel may be of interest to you.

We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; Facebook, Twitter, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.

 **More Information**

Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through one of our preferred contact methods.

Email: hello@uxpin.com
