> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the loyolapress.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060618115311id_/http%3A//loyolapress.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Loyola Press - Serving the Catholic community in education, faith formation, and spiritual growth.

**Loyola Press Web Site Privacy Policy - last updated 3/25/04**

Loyola Press provides a variety of online services and products to its users through its family of Web sites including www.LoyolaPress.org, www.LoyolaBooks.org, www.LoyolaEducationGroup.org, www.ChristOurLife.org, and www.FindingGod.org and email newsletters (collectively known as the "Site"). We want you to feel comfortable using all of the features of our Site. Loyola Press, the sponsor and owner of www.LoyolaPress.org, www.LoyolaBooks.org, www.LoyolaEducationGroup.org, www.ChristOurLife.org, and www.FindingGod.org and email newsletters, respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your privacy online. We collect information to support our relationship with you, improve our product and site offerings and to communicate about products, services, and promotions. Our Privacy Policy below helps you to understand what information we may gather about you as you use our Site. You are, of course, free to use the majority of our Site without providing any personal information. We realize the importance of feeling safe online and are fully committed to ensuring that your privacy is respected and protected. 

If you have any questions or concerns that we do not answer in this Policy, please send us an email at [customerservice@loyolapress.com](mailto:customerservice@loyolapress.com). 

**Please note that by using the Site, you signify your agreement with this Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not use the Site. Your continued use of the Site after any changes to the Policy will mean that you have accepted the changes; therefore we encourage you to periodically review our Privacy Policy to be sure you are familiar with the most current version. The Policy will include the most recent date in which any revision has been made. If we decide to change the Policy, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information, and whether we will disclose it.**

Please note that the Policy applies only to the Loyola Press Sites and our newsletters, and not to other Web sites to which we link. Your use of the Site is governed by Loyola Press Terms and Conditions and by other published rules pertaining to particular products and services offered throughout the Site. 

1\. Information That Loyola Press Collects  
Loyola Press gathers two basic types of information: 

**a. Information Provided to Loyola Press**  
In order to use many of the features, tools and services at the Site, we ask you to register to become a member. During the member registration process, we will ask you for personally identifiable information such as your name, email address, mailing address, zip code, parish or school, and password. In addition, you may choose to provide Loyola Press with additional information about your parish and catechetical ministry, family, and specific faith formation interests. Loyola Press uses the information it gathers for several purposes, such as to understand more about our audience's interests, to communicate with you and to give you a better experience when visiting the Site, and by personalizing tools, content, services and email messages (more details below). Loyola Press also uses this information to build new services and develop offers that Loyola Press believes are relevant and valuable to you. 

**b. Information Gathered by Loyola Press**   
When you visit the Site and interact with the services and tools that reside there, Loyola Press may collect information on your actions. This type of information is generally collected from two sources. One is from the server log files and the other is from cookies. Please read more about them below in the section entitled "Information Collected by Loyola Press through IP Address and Cookies." 


**2\. Membership Registration**  
The complete membership registration form currently requires you to choose a password and provide Loyola Press with your first and last names, email address, mailing address, zip code, country, parish or school, and role in the parish community. You may also be asked to provide an Access Code, if your parish or school uses the program entitled Finding God: Our Response to God's Gifts or the program entitled Christ Our Life. The form also includes optional information that you may choose to provide to us including additional information about your parish and catechetical ministry, family, and specific faith formation interests. You may be asked for additional information before using the discussion boards, such as a user name for your public profile. 

Many areas of www.FindingGod.org and www.ChristOurLife.org are reserved for FindingGod.org or ChristOurLife.org members who have registered with us; for example, discussion boards and access to special services such as member-specific home pages, extra resources, and special offers. This is necessary so that Loyola Press can assure the quality of its forums and customize content to meet your needs. Registration is free. 

The personally identifiable information you provide during membership registration will not be given to third parties without your consent except in the limited circumstances as required by law and described in the section of this Privacy Policy entitled "Information Sharing Policy." 

**3\. Sister Sites**  
By registering for membership at any of the Sites owned and operated by Loyola Press, you are automatically registered for membership at our other Sites. Your free membership allows you member privileges at our catechetical services and resources sites at www.FindingGod.org and www.ChristOurLife.org, our online bookstore at www.LoyolaBooks.org, our general education site and text bookstore at www.LoyolaEducationGroup.org, and our corporate site at www.LoyolaPress.org. If you choose to place an order at www.LoyolaBooks.org, www.ChristOurLife.org, or www.LoyolaEducationGroup.org, we may share personal customer information with our agents, representatives, and trusted service providers and contractors for limited purposes, including fulfilling customer orders; communicating to customers; providing customer service; enhancing and improving customers' shopping experiences; and completing credit card transactions. Our online store is SSL secured, meaning our servers use Secure Sockets Layer, an advanced encryption technology to protect the storage and transfer of your data from unauthorized parties. 

If you were already a member of www.LoyolaBooks.org or www.LoyolaEducationGroup.org before July, 2004, you will be granted a membership at www.FindingGod.org on a date after the site launch in July 2004. You may be asked to answer some additional membership registration questions the first time you login to www.FindingGod.org. 

The Terms and Conditions and this Privacy Policy will guide your interactions and transactions at all Loyola Press Web Sites: www.FindingGod.org, www.ChristOurLife.org, www.LoyolaBooks.org, www.LoyolaEducationGroup.org, and www.LoyolaPress.org and email newsletters. 

**4\. Discussion Boards, Expert Advice Forums ("Ask the Experts"), and "Rate This Article"**  
Registered members of the Site will have access to various public forums such as discussion boards, "Rate this article," and "Ask the Experts" areas. You will be asked to create a user name before posting to the discussion boards or other public areas, and you will also have the opportunity to provide other information for your public profile. Whenever you make a posting to the discussion boards or other public areas, your public profile information is available to others on the Site to view. Please remember that any information you disclose in these public forum areas becomes public information and is accessible at the Site, so it is important for you to exercise discretion and appropriate caution when deciding to reveal personal information in these areas. You disclose personal information in the public forums at your own risk. Loyola Press cautions you against providing personal information to strangers online, which they may use for harmful or illegal purposes. Loyola Press owns the rights to publish discussion board posts or content reviews in other formats. Loyola Press may decide to utilize the content of Q&A's, interactions with experts, ratings comments, and/or discussion board content throughout the Site and in promotions in order to enhance Loyola Press's editorial, advertising, promotional and similar activities. In those cases we often provide authorship credit by listing the author's user name. We therefore encourage you to use care in protecting your identity when you choose a user name and to keep your user name confidential. In the case of expert advice, you may submit questions via email, but your email address will not be posted to the public on the Site. 

**5\. Electronic Newsletters**  
Loyola Press, through the Site, may offer free electronic newsletters. If you choose to subscribe to any of these newsletters, you will be asked to register for a Site membership. Generally, Loyola Press does not share mailing lists from its electronic newsletters with third parties. However, in some situations, Loyola Press may share its newsletter mailing lists with third parties who provide newsletter and/or reminder fulfillment services on behalf of Loyola Press. 

**6\. Surveys and Polls**  
Our surveys and polls ask for opinions on various issues. Occasionally, we may request demographic information (like zip code, age or gender). Most information obtained through surveys and polls is aggregated and used internally. Aggregate results will often be posted on the Site, but personally identifiable information will not be made public. In the event personally identifiable information about any Site member is requested as part of surveys or polls, such personally identifiable information is never provided to third parties without your consent. Some survey answers may be added to your member portrait so that we can better provide you with content that is most appropriate for you. 

**7\. "Share This Article"**  
Many articles and resources from the Site or links to them can be forwarded to another person via email. If you use this service, we will use the recipient's name and email address in order to send a link to the article or resource and we will also ask for your name and email address. We do not use the recipient's email address for any other purpose unless such recipient gives us permission to do so. 

**8\. Information Collected by Loyola Press through IP Address and Cookies**

**a. IP Address**  
Your IP address is a number that is assigned by your ISP (Internet Service Provider) to your computer to identify its location. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Site. We also sometimes use IP addresses to communicate with members and subscribers and possibly even ban those members who are not complying with our Terms and Conditions. 

**b. Cookies**  
Our Site uses a feature of your browser to set a "cookie" on your computer. Cookies are small packets of information that a site's computer stores on your computer. The Site can then read the cookies whenever you visit the Site. We use cookies to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our Site, to deliver content specific to your interests, and to track search terms and the pages you've visited. These cookies allow us to use the information we collect to customize your Site experience so that your visit to the Site is as relevant and as valuable to you as possible. We also use the information from cookies in the aggregate to help us understand how our users as a group use the services and resources at the Site. We can then know which areas are member favorites, and which need improvement, so that we can continually improve our Site and your member experience. You may modify your browser preference to provide you with choices relating to cookies. You have the choice to accept all cookies, to be notified when a cookie is set, or to reject all cookies. If you choose to reject cookies we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience and you may have to re-register each time you visit the Site in order to participate in services and sections that require registration. 

**c. Server Log Files**  
The Site may also collect certain information about your computer hardware and software, such as your IP address, browser type, operating system, domain name, access times, and referring Web site addresses. This information is used to improve the service we provide, and to provide general statistics regarding the use of the Site. 


**9\. Information Sharing Policy**  
Loyola Press does not sell or otherwise share personally identifiable information with third parties without your consent except in the following instances: (i) unless required by applicable law or pursuant to a court or similar order; (ii) as deemed necessary, at Loyola Press' discretion, to protect the legal rights or the property of Loyola Press, a member or third party, or to prevent personal injury; and/or (iii) in the event Loyola Press is required to transfer personally identifiable information to a third party in the event of a sale, merger, assignment, joint venture or other transfer or disposition of a portion or all of the assets of Loyola Press (including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). In addition, Loyola Press reserves the right to allow access to its systems to third parties providing necessary technical services when such access is, in our judgment, required in order to provide those services and to provide your personally identifiable information to third parties who provide services on behalf of Loyola Press. 

**10\. Loyola Press Opt-In/Opt-Out Policy**  
By registering as a member of the Site, you agree to receive occasional emails from Loyola Press that update you on Web Site features and may provide special offers. From time to time, you may be asked to indicate whether you are interested in receiving additional information from us about special offers or news about our Sites. If you do choose to receive these communications by means of an opt-in, we will occasionally send you an email message that matches your request(s). You may, of course, always choose to stop receiving any of this information from us. We currently provide the following opt-out opportunities: 

  * At any time, you can follow a link provided in every newsletter or email message (except for e-commerce confirmation emails) to unsubscribe from that mailing list or email service. 
  * At any time, you can contact us through findinggod@loyolapress.com to have your contact preference changed to "Do Not Contact Me." 
  * Please note that Loyola Press reserves the right to contact you in the event of a change in the Loyola Press Site Terms and Conditions and/or this Privacy Policy. 

**11\. Change/Modify/Archived Information**  
Loyola Press provides you with the ability to access, correct or change certain information in your member portrait at any time, including contact information or other information you've provided to us. To review, modify or delete your member information, click Edit My Account or My Account on any page. You will be taken to a page where you can edit or submit new information. You will need your password to modify your account information. This is a precaution to protect your account. Always guard your personal password and do not share it with others. Please be advised that Loyola Press currently archives information it collects on its members and visitors. 

**12\. How We Protect and Secure Your Information**  
Loyola Press has numerous security measures in place to protect you from the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, including your credit card information if you choose to conduct an e-commerce transaction on the Site. Accessing all of your member information requires use of your password. We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. Our online store is SSL secured, meaning our servers use Secure Sockets Layer, an advanced encryption technology to protect the storage and transfer of your data from unauthorized parties. Loyola Press uses industry-standard tools, such as firewalls, to ensure that your information is secure and confidential. 

**13\. Guidelines Regarding Children**  
Protecting personal information about children is a concern for all of us. At Loyola Press, we take the protection of children's privacy very seriously. This Site has sections of information and activities for children, but visitors who are under the age of 18 are prohibited from becoming a Site member. No personal information will knowingly be collected from anyone under the age of 18. We strongly urge all parents to participate in their children's exploration of the Internet and any online services, and to teach their children about protecting their personal information while online. The Children's section of the Site does not require registration to access any of the features. 

**14\. Links to Other Sites**  
Throughout the Site, users will find links to related content on third party Web sites. While we carefully select the Web sites to which we link, Loyola Press does not control the contents or links that appear on these linked sites. In addition, these sites or services, including their contents and links, may be constantly changing. Loyola Press is not responsible for inaccuracies or inappropriate content at third party sites. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and terms and conditions policies, or no policy (policies) at all. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of any third party sites or services before providing any of them with your personal information. 

**15\. Contact Information**  
If you have questions about this Privacy Policy or anything else about the Site or Loyola Press, you can contact us at the following email address: customerservice@loyolapress.com or write us at: Web Site Privacy, Loyola Press, 3441 N. Ashland Ave., Chicago, IL 60657. 

|  
