> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jazzylove.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-01-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20070111031349id_/http%3A//jazzylove.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**JazzyLove.com** is firmly committed to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.

The protection of your privacy is very important and we have adopted the following practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information. We will notify all advertisers via email of any change to this Privacy Statement, unless you have opted-out of receiving email from us. From time to time, changes to this Privacy Statement will also be communicated on this site.

We use your IP address (the series of numbers associated with your individual computer) to help us maintain our site and identify problems with our server. Your IP address does not disclose any personally revealing information about you. We do use cookies to identify traffic that comes through advertising and to facilitate a more user-friendly experience. Cookies are small pieces of information that a web site places on your computer's hard drive so we know it's you when you visit. This helps us to create a personalized experience for you when you visit our site. The use of cookies is a very common practice on the Internet. If you are uncomfortable with this, you can disable all cookies through your browser settings. Your enjoyment of our site won't be affected if you have set your browser to reject cookies.

By establishing an Ad Profile on **JazzyLove.com** you will be asked for some general identifying information which will enable us to provide you with this individualized service. We gather contact information (like your email address), and demographic information (like your city of residence or age). We may share some of this information for our own research purposes with our professional advisors or consultants and third party partners; however the information shared will be limited to non-personally identifying demographic information shared under cover of a confidentiality agreement. If you choose to become an Advertiser, we collect financial information (like your credit card number and expiry date). We will only use this information in the course of providing our service to you.

Once you have created an Ad Profile, you will be given the option of creating a pseudonymous profile (nickname and personal description) where your gender is applicable. Depending on where you place your Ad Profile, you will be asked for some personal but non-identifying information to complete your profile (e.g., height, body type, race, religion, whether you smoke, etc). This information is not linked in any way to your personally identifiable information, for other members to see. Obviously, if you provide us with a photograph some of your information may become personally identifiable information.

We may use your contact information to send you valuable updates and timely notices of promotions and mailbox status reports. Our site provides you with the opportunity to receive different types of communications from us.

Your non-personally identifying demographic information is used to personalize your experience, allow other members to find you through a search, to compose your personal profile - which is associated with a pseudonymous identity you have created - and to deliver targeted advertising and promotional offers to you from external companies that are of the highest relevance to your demographic profile. Other than your mail Box, your contact information is never available to other members or organizations. In the event that you decide to establish an Ad Profile on JazzyLove.com, members will be asked for financial information (like credit card number if paying by credit card) which cannot be read by others when you initiate your order through a secured system. The personally identifiable information we collect from you is used for internet review and to improve the content and functionality of our web server or customize the layout of our pages for each individual member. The specific information we collect is not shared with other organizations and we will never release your personally identifiable information to any third party or external organization without your prior consent except for the purposes of validating credit information and collecting debts, or unless we reasonably believe we are required to do so by operation of law.

We keep the information you have given us for as long as your Ad Profile stays active or hidden.

Our clients communicate with each other through onsite message mail and Instant Messaging. While we do not, as a rule, moderate or monitor advertisers' private exchanges, we reserve the right to do so if we suspect users of being under 18 or of using our service for the purpose of solicitation or any other violation of our terms of use or Privacy Statement. Submissions that appear on the public area of the site are moderated and, if necessary, we reserve the right to edit, delete, remove or not use any communication on a public area of the site.
