> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jazzed.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-04-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120421180623id_/http%3A//www.jazzed.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Jazzed Privacy Statement: Online Dating Site for Singles

This privacy statement discloses our privacy practices on Jazzed.com(the "Site").

[](https://privacy-policy.truste.com/click-with-confidence/ctv/en/www.jazzed.com/seal_m "Validate TRUSTe privacy certification")

Jazzed, Inc., a subsidiary of eHarmony, Inc., has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe's program requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy_seals_and_services/consumer_privacy/privacy-programs-requirements.html) including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. This privacy policy governs the collection and use of information while on www.jazzed.com. The TRUSTe program does not cover information that may be collected through downloadable software. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at [privacy@jazzed.com](mailto:privacy@jazzed.com) . If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact TRUSTe [here](http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint).

### What Information We Collect

The types of information that we collect fall under two general categories: personally identifiable information (PII) and non-personally identifiable information (non-PII). PII consists of any information which can be used to specifically identify you as an individual, whereas non-PII consists of aggregate information or any information that does not reveal your identity. The following sections describe how your PII and non-PII are collected by us, and how we use such information.

### How We Collect and Use Information

  * **Log Files**. Any time you visit any of our websites, our servers automatically gather information from your browser (such as your IP addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks) to analyze trends, administer the site, prevent fraud, track visitor movement in the aggregate, and gather broad demographic information. For example, we may log your IP address for system administration purposes. IP addresses are logged to track a user’s session. This gives us an idea of which parts of our site users are visiting. We do not share the log files externally. 
  * **Cookies**. We use “cookies” to keep track of some types of information while you are visiting our website or using our services. Cookies are very small files placed on your computer, and they allow us to count the number of visitors to our website and distinguish repeat visitors from new visitors. They also allow us to save user preferences and track user trends. Third parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity, use Flash cookies to collect and store information. Flash cookies are different from browser cookies because of the amount of, type of, and how data is stored. Cookie management tools provided by your browser will not remove Flash cookies. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click [here](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html#117118). We rely on cookies for the proper operation of our website; therefore if your browser is set to reject all cookies, the website will not function properly. Users who refuse cookies assume all responsibility for any resulting loss of functionality. We do not link the cookies to any PII.
  * **Web Beacons**. “Web beacons” (also known as “clear gifs” and “pixel tags”) are small transparent graphic images that are often used in conjunction with cookies in order to further personalize our website for our users and to collect a limited set of information about our visitors. We may also use web beacons in email communications in order to understand the behavior of our customers. Some of our business partners use web beacons and cookies on our site. We have no access or control of these third party tracking technologies. We do not link the web beacons to any PII.
  * **Information About You**. When you register or subscribe to any of our services, we collect a wide variety of information about you. Because of the nature of the Jazzed Service, all the non-PII you provide to us, including without limitation your first name, your “About Me” profile and your photo(s), will be publicly accessible and viewable by other users of the Jazzed Service. Users of the Jazzed Service may also be enabled to share such information with their social network, including in connection with the Photo Feed feature. Except as otherwise stated in this privacy statement, we do not disclose your PII to other users of our services. Due to the public nature of your profile on the Jazzed Service, you should also exercise extreme caution in connection with any PII (such as your email address or your last name) you may voluntarily choose to disclose in your profile since we cannot control how others accessing such PII may use it.
  * **Purchase Information**. Upon launch, the service is free in accordance with the terms of the promotion offered to users. Once we begin processing paid subscriptions, we may require your name, address, phone number, email address and credit card information. Such information will be used primarily to process your order or as otherwise described herein. Credit card transactions are processed through industry standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and/or Advanced Encryption Standard(AES) by a third party, which only uses your information for that purpose.
  * **E-mails and Telephone Calls**. We require an e-mail address from you when you register for our services. We use your e-mail for both transactional (e.g., order confirmation, refund and renewal processing, notification of search results) and promotional (e.g., newsletters, new product offerings, special discounts, event notifications, special offers sent on behalf of third-parties) purposes. E-mail messages we send you may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the e-mails, including whether the e-mail was opened and what links (if any) were clicked. If you would rather not receive promotional e-mails from us, please see the section below labeled “Choice/Opt-Out”. We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the Jazzed service, such as service announcements and administrative messages, without offering you the opportunity to opt out of receiving them. However, all promotional emails have unsubscribe instructions within each email. We may also contact you by telephone or text message (including to any wireless number you may provide to us) solely in connection with the Jazzed services that you have elected to receive. If you would rather not receive telephone calls or text messages from us, you may change or delete your number from your account preferences page(s), or ask to be removed from our contact list if you receive a call or text message from us. We fully comply with the requirements of the U.S. CAN-SPAM Act. 
  * **Demographic Data**. Demographic data is also collected at our site. We use this data to tailor our visitors’ experience at our site, showing them content that we think they might be interested in, and displaying the content according to their preferences. Some of this information may be shared with advertisers on a non-personally identifiable basis.
  * **Online Survey Data**. We may periodically conduct voluntary member surveys. We encourage our members to participate in such surveys because they provide us with important information regarding the improvement of our services. You may also volunteer for certain surveys that we may offer to our users, and any additional rules regarding the conduct of such surveys will be disclosed to you prior to your participation. We do not link the survey responses to any PII, and all responses are anonymous. 
  * **Online Sweepstakes and Contests**. We periodically conduct sweepstakes or contests on the Site, and in connection with such promotions we may request your name, email address, and/or physical mailing address. We use this information to administer such promotions and award prizes.
  * **Information Regarding Your Friends**. We encourage you to refer a friend to the Jazzed service by sending us a friend’s name and email address via a link that will be provided on the website. We will keep this information in our database, and send that person a one-time e-mail containing your name and inviting them to visit our site. This e-mail will also include instructions on how to remove their information from our database. You agree that you will not abuse this feature by entering names and addresses of those who would not be interested in the Jazzed services. For some of our services, you may also give gift memberships to your friends, in which case we will use your friends’ e-mail address that you provide in order to deliver the gift.
  * **Import Contacts**. We utilize an import contacts feature to help you keep in touch with your contacts. We make it easy for you to invite people from your email address books to join the service. At your request, we will search your email address book to help you import your contacts to the Site. We allow you to invite just the friends that you choose. This is not done automatically. Once you've chosen friends to invite, Jazzed will send an email to them (and one follow-up email, if necessary), offering those friends the opportunity to sign up on jazzed.com.
  * **Public Forums**. We may make discussion/forum boards available to our users and visitors. Any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose any PII. Please consult the community guidelines for each such discussion board when posting comments on them for other specific information. 
  * **Use for Research**. In addition to the uses outlined above, by using our site, you agree to allow us to anonymously use the information from you and your experiences to continue our research into successful relationships. This research, usually conducted by psychologists and behavior research scientists, may be published in academic journals. However, all of your responses will be kept anonymous, and no PII will be published. You can find out more about the standards we follow in conducting scientific research by clicking [here](http://www.hhs.gov/ohrp/humansubjects/guidance/belmont.htm).



### Disclosure of Your Information to Third Parties

  * **Disclosure By Law**. You acknowledge and agree that we may disclose information you provide if required to do so by law, at the request of a third party, or if we, in our sole discretion, believe that disclosure is reasonable to (1) comply with the law, requests or orders from law enforcement, or any legal process (whether or not such disclosure is required by applicable law); (2) protect or defend our, or a third party’s, rights or property; or (3) protect someone’s health or safety, such as when harm or violence against any person (including you) is threatened. 
  * **Disclosure to Protect Abuse Victims**. Notwithstanding any other provision of this privacy statement or our Terms and Conditions of Service, we reserve the right, but have no obligation, to disclose any information that you submit to the services, if in our sole opinion, we suspect or have reason to suspect, that the information involves a party who may be the victim of abuse in any form. Abuse may include, without limitation, elder abuse, child abuse, spousal abuse, neglect, or domestic violence. Information may be disclosed to authorities that we, in our sole discretion, deem appropriate to handle such disclosure. Appropriate authorities may include, without limitation, law enforcement agencies, child protection agencies, or court officials. You hereby acknowledge and agree that we are permitted to make such disclosure.
  * **Disclosure to Trusted Third Parties By Us**. We may share your non-PII with third parties, but not in a manner that would reveal your identity. We may share your PII, sometimes in conjunction with your non-PII, with service providers that may be associated with us to perform functions on our behalf. For example, outsourced customer care agents or technology assistants may need access to your information to perform services for you. Your information will be treated as private and confidential by such service providers and not used for any other purpose than we authorize. In addition, from time to time, we may share PII (such as e-mail or mailing address) about our user base with carefully selected third parties with your consent, so they can offer goods and services that we believe may be of interest to our users. If you do not wish to receive offers from our trusted partners, you can change your e-mail preferences at any time by following the steps outlined in the “Choice/Opt-Out” section below.
  * **Disclosure to Trusted Third Parties at Your Request**. While visiting our site, from time to time we provide you with advertisements, promotions, sweepstakes and offers from third party providers. If you choose to accept any such offers, you may either (depending on the situation) directly provide your information in connection with the offer to such third party provider, or we will provide your information, including billing information, to the third party provider by pre-populating the offer registration forms. Your information will not be transferred until you actually accept the offer. You may opt-out of the offer at any time up until this point. Please refer to the third party provider’s own privacy policy (provided on the offer pages) if you have any questions regarding how your information is used by such providers. Please be aware that these offers may be presented on pages framed by the Jazzed website. We do this to provide a seamless experience. Although these offer pages have the look and feel of our websites, you will be submitting your information directly to the third-party advertiser. You agree that we will not be responsible or liable for any loss or damage of any sort incurred as the result of any such dealings, including the sharing of the information you supply to us with third party providers described here, or as the result of the presence of such providers on the Jazzed site.
  * **Information Transferred As a Result of Sale of Business**. As we develop our business, we may buy or sell assets and, depending on the transaction, your PII may be one of the transferred assets. In the event that we are acquired by another company, your PII may be part of the assets transferred to the acquiring party. If this occurs, you will be notified if there are any material changes to the way your PII is collected or used.



### Third-Party Advertising

We use third-party advertising agencies or other service providers to serve ads on our website on our behalf or that of third-party advertisers (e.g., retailers of goods or services). These companies may employ cookies and web beacons to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and web beacons is completely anonymous. Some of these third-party advertising agencies may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative, which offers you the option to opt out of ad targeting from its member agencies by following the procedures listed [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp). 

We will only share your information with third parties in the ways defined in this privacy statement.

### Age Restrictions

Our age restrictions for different services are set forth in each applicable Terms and Conditions of Service. We do not target our sites or services to children under the age of 13, and in compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, any information we may receive from users we believe to be under the age of 13 will be purged from our database.

### Security

We have extensive security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information stored in our database. These measures include the use of Secure Socket Layer (SSL) and/or Advanced Encryption Standard(AES) technology during credit card transactions and administrative access to site data, as well as other proprietary security measures which are applied to all repositories and transfers of user information. We will exercise reasonable care in providing secure transmission of information between your computer and our servers, but given that no information transmitted over the Internet can be guaranteed 100% secure, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information transmitted to us over the Internet and hence accept no liability for any unintentional disclosure.

### Links to Other Sites

We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites that may be linked to this site or of any third party advertisers. 

### Choice/Opt-Out

You may use the following options for removing your information from our e-mail database if you wish to opt out of receiving promotional e-mails and newsletters. 

  1. Click on the “unsubscribe” link on the bottom of the e-mail; 
  2. Send mail to the following postal address letting us know which promotional e-mails you wish to opt-out of:  Jazzed.com P.O. Box 60460 Pasadena, CA 91116 USA
  3. Email your request to be unsubscribed to the following email address: [privacy@jazzed.com.](mailto:privacy@jazzed.com) Please include your name and the email address you wish to Opt Out. 
  4. Go to the e-mail settings page from your account home page, and un-check the undesired promotions.



### Updating Your Information

All users have the following options for changing and modifying information previously submitted.

  1. Select our [Help link](http://help.jazzed.com/) from your account home page and search our [FAQ's](http://help.jazzed.com/) to find the answer you are looking for, or [send us an e-mail](mailto:privacy@jazzed.com) and our Customer Care agents will be happy to assist you (please note that these features will be available upon the official launch of Jazzed.com);
  2. You may change your e-mail address, password and other information from the account settings or preferences page; or
  3. You can send mail to the postal address listed above, providing us with your account information and letting us know which information you wish to update. 



### Contacting the Website

If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this website, you can contact: 

Site Administrator Jazzed.com P.O. Box 60460 Pasadena, CA 91116 USA

### Acceptance of Privacy Statement

Your use of our website(s), including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this privacy statement and the applicable Terms and Conditions of Service. **BY USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU ARE ACCEPTING THE PRACTICES SET OUT IN THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT AND THE APPLICABLE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SERVICE.**

If we decide to change our privacy statement, we will post those changes to this privacy statement page and any other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, or by other means, such as e-mail, at our discretion.

Your continued use of any portion of our website following posting of the updated privacy statement will constitute your acceptance of the changes.

### Effective Date

This privacy statement was last revised on October 12, 2010.
