> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the katalon.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181008183259id_/https%3A//www.katalon.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Katalon Studio

**KATALON SITE PRIVACY POLICY**

This Privacy Policy only governs information you provide to Katalon, LLC. (“we” or “us”) via [www.katalon.com](https://www.katalon.com/) (the “Site”) as well as the Katalon Studio, Katalon Analytics and Katalon Recorder offerings (“Offerings”) available from the Site. However, this Privacy Policy does not govern other Web sites or any other data collection, disclosure or usage practices, off-line or otherwise.

Effective date: June 15, 2018

**Information we collect and how we use it  
**

_Our Site_ : We collect information from you as part of certain features on our Site, such as when you register for our Offerings.  The information we collect may include your name, email address, company name, phone number. Your IP address, page views and actions on our Site are also collected. Third party tools employed on our Site may collect additional information from you, such as geographic area, operating system language, and inbound referral link. We may use the contact information you input to send you or your organization support information, product and service announcements, and other business communications, to service our Site, and as necessary to perform services for you or your organization once you or your organization becomes a customer.

_Our Offerings_ : Our Offerings may collect error and execution logs and other information about your use of the Offering. Use of that information is further detailed in the agreement you entered into with us for the particular Offering. In addition, if you are an individual and paying by credit card, we may use your credit card information to complete payment.

**IP Addresses  
**

Tools employed on our Site may gather your IP address when you access the Site.  We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer, maintain and improve the Site, and gather broad geolocation information for aggregate use. Your IP address may indicate the city from which you are accessing the Internet, but we do not use your IP address in a manner linked to any other of your personally identifiable information.

**Cookies  
**A cookie is a small file placed on your computer that stores information. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better Site. We may use cookies to verify your browser and to maintain your session and we may also use cookies of third party partners, such as Google, which may analyze our Site use and provide advertisers with the ability to better tailor ads to your preferences.  More information on our use of Google is located below. We don’t seek to collect your personal information via these cookies, and to the extent information about your use of our site is collected via cookies, we take steps to limit such use You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the Site. If you opt out of using cookies, we may employ a cookie only to help us remember this preference.

If you would like further information on the cookies we employ, please contact us via the email address provided below. Below are some online resources that provide some helpful information on how change your cookie preferences:

http://www.youronlinechoices.eu (if you are based in the EU)

http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ (if you are based in the US)

http://www.allaboutcookies.org

Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google. Google Analytics may use cookies or other means to help us analyze how users use the Site. The information generated by the cookies about your use of the Site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Site, compiling reports on Site activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. By using this Site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You can also [opt out of Google’s advertising tracking cookie](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html) (<https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads>) or [use a browser plugin to opt out of all Google Analytics tracking software](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en) (<https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en>). Find more information about Google’s privacy practices here: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/>.

**Choice**  
Our intent is only to use your information in compliance with applicable law, and that includes giving you choice on how and if your personal information is used. You may have options about how the personal information that you provide us may be used. For example, you may unsubscribe from emails we send via a link or other method in those emails. Some of the purposes for which we use your personal information are described in this Privacy Policy. Some of the uses of your information are necessary for the service we provide through the Site, for the Offerings, or for the reason you provided us with the information, and if you don’t want your information used in certain ways, it may prevent you from using the service we provide on our Site or from receiving the Offerings.

**Security**  
We are committed to ensuring that your personal information is secure. We maintain or use third parties to maintain physical, electronic and managerial procedures designed to safeguard the information we collect through the Site. However, no information can be absolutely secure, and we can’t guarantee the security of any information that is the subject of this Privacy Policy or any information that is submitted to us via the Internet.

**Updating and removing your information**  
We will let you update your personal information that you have provided to us through the methods available on the Site. You may also contact us to change update or remove your information via the email address below. We will also take steps to make sure that any updates or removal requests that you provide are processed in a timely and complete manner. If you request that we remove your personal information, that may impact your ability to fully access the Site or receive our Offerings.

**Third Parties  
**Third parties may operate or host the Site or the computers that operate the Site, store or process data for us, provide services related to the information requests that you have submitted or communications we provide to you. For example, we use Segment and Woopra to store and analyze contact information that you provide to us. Some of the third parties that we use include the following: Hubspot, Google, Woopra, Segment, Stripe and Mailchimp. We have agreements with these companies that contain protections regarding use of your information. We do not sell personally identifiable information collected via the Site to third party marketers.

**Location  
**Katalon is located in the United States and Vietnam, so by providing us information, you are consenting to its transfer to us in those countries. Information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the United States, European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the country in which you are located. The personnel who use your information as part of the practices described in this Privacy Policy may also be located outside the United States, EEA or the country in which you are located.  By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing.

**Exceptions  
**

In addition to the uses described above in this Privacy Policy, we may use and disclose information, including personally identifiable information, submitted by you and/or collected by the Site or otherwise subject to this Privacy Policy, to the extent reasonably necessary for any one or more of the following purposes: (i) to correct technical problems and malfunctions in how we provide our Site to you and to technically process your information; (ii) to protect the security and integrity of the Site; (iii) to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of others; (iv) to respond to claims that your information violates the rights or interests of third parties; (v) to comply with applicable law; (vi) to respond to judicial process; and (vii) to the extent permitted under other provisions of law, to provide information to law enforcement agencies and for an investigation on a matter related to public safety, as applicable.

You understand and agree that technical processing of your information is and may be required (a) to send and receive messages regarding your use of the Site; (b) to conform to the technical requirements of connecting networks; (c) to conform to the limitations of our Site; and (d) to conform to other, similar technical requirements.

**Retention  
**We keep your personal information only as long as we need it for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. In general, if we have no other legitimate reason to continue using your personal information and you withdraw your permission, we will delete it. However, when you unsubscribe from marketing communications, we may keep your email address to ensure that we do not send you any more marketing communications.

**Updates**  
As noted above, we may periodically update this Privacy Policy. For example, we may update this policy in order to describe how new Web features may affect our use of your information and to let you know of new controls and features that we may provide you. We will not apply changes to this policy retroactively to information we have previously collected.

**Contact Information**

All inquiries regarding this Privacy Policy, your rights under it, or use, removal or updating your information, should be directed to [info@katalon.com](mailto:info@katalon.com)
