> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the katespade.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171212232927id_/http%3A//www.katespade.co.uk/uk/privacy-policy/page/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACY POLICY

  * ### FAQ

  * ### ORDERING

  * ### PAYMENT

  * ### SHIPPING

  * ### YOUR ORDER

  * ### RETURNS

  * ### GIFT SERVICES

  * ### YOUR ACCOUNT

  * ### CORPORATE

  * ### PRIVACY & SECURITY 

  * ### PRODUCT INFORMATION AND CARE




### Need Help ?

If you have any questions or need help please give us a call at   
[ 0800 240 4320 ](tel:0800 240 4320)   
8am - 8pm monday to friday,   
10am - 6pm saturday & sunday.   
calls made to 0800 240 4320 may be subject to a charge.

last updated jan 16th, 2017

this privacy policy applies to your use of the website located at www.katespade.co.uk, for purposes of this privacy policy, "company", "we" or "us") that are related to www.katespade.co.uk (collectively, the "site") (unless a different policy is provided on a particular site or application, in which case such different policy shall apply). company operates the "site"; and has created this privacy policy to inform you what information we collect on the site, how we use your information and the choices you have about the way your information is collected and used. please read this privacy policy carefully. your use of the site indicates that you have read and accepted our privacy practices, as outlined in this privacy policy. in addition, please read our terms of use which also govern your use of this site. please be advised that the practices described in this privacy policy apply to information gathered by us or our subsidiaries, affiliates or agents: (i) through this site, (ii) where applicable, through our customer service department in connection with this site, (iii) through our free-standing retail stores, and (iv) through sweepstakes and other promotional programs.

we reserve the right to modify, update, add to, discontinue, remove or otherwise change any portion of this privacy policy, in whole or in part, at any time. when we amend this privacy policy, we will revise the "last updated" date located at the top of this privacy policy. for changes to this privacy policy that we consider to be material, we will place a notice on www.katespade.co.uk by revising the link on the home page to read substantially as "updated privacy policy" for a reasonable amount of time. if you provide information to us or access or use the site in any way after this privacy policy has been changed, you will be deemed to have consented and agreed to such changes. the most current version of this privacy policy will be available on the site and will supersede all previous versions of this privacy policy.

if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you should contact our customer service department by email at [customer_care@katespade.eu](mailto:customer_care@katespade.eu.).

as explained in more detail below, we may allow ad exchanges, web analytics vendors, social networking platforms and other third-parties to collect certain data and anonymous information when you visit our site. These companies may use anonymous information (e.g., search and click stream information, browser type, time and date, the identity or type of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. by way of example, these companies may use a cookie or web beacon to collect this information. our site does not recognize browser "do not track" signals, and we can't always control third party cookies stored on your machine from visiting our site, but you may visit the relevant third party's website directly to manage cookies stored on your machine by them, and several of our service providers who utilize these cookies or beacons on our site enable you to opt out of this behavioural advertising. to learn more about how to opt out of the behavioural advertising conducted by these providers you can visit <http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk>

## what information about me is collected and stored?

personal data ("pd") is data which relates to a living individual who can be identified from those data, or from those data and other information which is in the possession of, or is likely to come into our possession (such as your real name, address, phone number or email address). for example, when you create an account with us, your account information is stored on this site's server. we may also ask you to provide us with certain pd in connection with the use of the site, in connection with the services provided by our customer service department, in connection with a brick and mortar transaction (except where prohibited by law) or in connection with an off-line promotion or sweepstakes. for example, we may ask you to provide certain pd when you register with us, place an order on the site, choose to sign up for an email newsletter, or participate in a promotional event. this information is used to provide the products and services that you have ordered or requested, to process and ship orders, to send order and shipping confirmations and to provide customer service. this information may also be used to contact you about sales, special offers and new website features, unless you have opted not to receive promotional communications in connection with this Site. You can opt out by contacting our customer service department by email at customer_care@katespade.eu. we may also ask you to provide us with demographic information, information regarding your interests or similar information. providing us with information about yourself is voluntary, and you can always choose not to provide certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in some of the site's features. we do not collect pd through third party advertisements on our site and the pd we collect is not sold to third parties.

usage information: when your computer contacts our web servers (for example, when you visit this site, or view an html e-mail), our web servers automatically collect site usage information. site usage information is anonymous information that describes how our visitors use and navigate our site. it can include the number and frequency of visitors to each webpage and the length of their stays, browser type, referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting our site, and ip addresses (see below for more information on ip addresses). we also may determine the applicable technology available in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a web page, e-mail or similar service. this information is used to analyze and improve this site and to provide our customers with a fulfilling shopping experience.

browser cookies: like many websites, we may use browser "cookies". cookies are a website's way of remembering who you are. a cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer's hard drive or stored temporarily in your computer's memory. there are two kinds of cookies: those that are "session" oriented and those that are "persistent". session cookies delete from your computer when you close your browser. persistent cookies retain information for later use tomorrow, next week, next month, or whenever they are set to expire. we use cookies to help us to identify account holders and to optimize their experience on our site. also, we will use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of this site. most web browsers accept cookies automatically. you can delete cookies manually or set your browser to automatically delete cookies on a pre-determined schedule. for example, in the internet explorer menu bar, select: tools>internet options>browsing history>delete to view manual and automatic options. if you decline to accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features of this site.

flash cookies: our site may enable the use of the adobe flash player. adobe's flash player is used by many websites that offer video and other interactive content. by default, your use of the adobe flash player generates "flash cookies" (also known as "persistent identification elements" or "local shared objects"). adobe provides a short disclosure about flash cookies in its end user license agreement, stating "use of the web players, specifically the flash player, will enable the software to store certain user settings as a local shared object on our computer. these settings are not associated with you, but allow you to configure certain settings within the flash player". the adobe flash player (and similar applications) use flash cookies to remember user settings, preferences and usage similar to the browser cookies referenced above, but flash cookies can store more information than browser cookies and are managed through a different interface than the one provided by your web browser. you can control the degree to which you accept flash cookies by accessing your adobe flash player management tools directly through the settings manager for adobe flash, located at <http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html>. if you do not allow flash cookies to take any space on your computer or device, you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features on the site. as of the "last updated" date of this privacy policy, users with a computer running the windows operating system can view flash cookie files by clicking Start > Settings > Control Panel > Flash Payer. and users with a computer running the Apple operating system can view flash cookie files by selecting System Preferences (under Other) and clicking on Flash Player.. flash cookies, or lso files are stored typically with an ".SOL" extension. to the extent the Google Display Network does not allow flash cookies to be used for behavioural advertising, ad delivery, or multi-site advertising, company conforms to that.

The adobe flash player is not the only technology being used in the ever-shifting online and mobile content environment. HTML5 is an increasingly popular web standard used for presenting content, especially content delivered to mobile devices. HTML is the mark-up language used for the world wide web. almost all web pages you visit on the Internet are based around HTML code. HTML5 is simply the fifth and latest iteration of this mark-up language that allows for more interactive web pages. one of the real benefits of HTML5 is its potential to standardize the highly fragmented rich-media universe. some HTML5 code may allow your response to advertising and other activities to be monitored across websites and such information to be stored on your computer or mobile device. technology solutions that allow users to opt-out of or block this sort of tracking are being developed through browser add-ons and other tools. to the extent the Google Display Network does not allow HTML5 local storage to be used for behavioural advertising, ad delivery, or multi-site advertising, company conforms to that.

use of web beacons: our web pages or e-mail messages may contain a small graphic image called a web beacon, which is sometimes also called a "clear gif", that allows us to monitor and collect certain limited information about our users, such as the type of browser requesting the web beacon, the ip address of the computer that the web beacon is sent to and the time the web beacon was viewed. web beacons can be very small or invisible to the user, but, in general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page or e-mail, including html based content, can act as a web beacon. we may use web beacons to count visitors to our web pages or to monitor how our users navigate our site, and we may include web beacons in e-mail messages in order to count how many messages we sent were actually opened or acted upon. we use web beacons to compile aggregate statistics about our site and our marketing campaigns.

use of ip addresses: an ip address is a number that is assigned to your computer or network when you are linked to the internet. when you request pages from this site, our servers log your ip address. we may use ip address for a number of purposes, such as system administration, to report aggregate information to our business partners or to audit the use of the site. we may associate your ip address with the pd you provide.

we also may collect and store information about you that we receive from other sources, to enable us to update and correct the information contained in our database and to provide product recommendations and special offers that we think will interest you.

opting out of the use of tracking mechanisms that retain pd. you always have the option of "opting out" of company's use of cookies, web beacons or other tracking mechanisms. Choosing to opt out means your browser will no longer be associated with a unique cookie, but will instead store a non-unique cookie value of "ID=OPT_OUT". By opting out, you have not disabled the cookie functionality within your browser, you will continue to retain an anonymous cookie. cookies are specific to your browser. If you use multiple types of browsers on one computer (e.g., Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator) you will need to opt out separately for each browser. Cookies are also unique to each computer. therefore you must opt out separately on all computers you use. If you delete all of your cookies, you will be deleting the "Opt Out" cookie, and will therefore have to go through the opt out process again to reactivate your opted-out status. If you wish to opt out of these practices, you can do so by clicking [media.katespade.com/optout.html](http://media.katespade.com/optout.html).

## is information collected from children?

we do not knowingly sell or ship any items ordered through this website directly to anyone who we know to be under the age of 16, nor do we collect any pd from anyone who we know to be under the age of 16. if you are under the age of 18, you should use this website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any pd to us. if we discover that a person under the age of 16 has provided kate spade with pd, kate spade will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete such person's pd from its system.

## company's use and disclosure of collected information

use by company: we may use your pd to provide you with requested information, services or content, to contact you in connection with a promotion, or for other purposes disclosed when you provide the information. we may also contact you from time to time on behalf of one of our affiliated companies or an external business partner who offers similar products and services to us with information that may be of interest to you. we may also contact you regarding any problems or questions we have relating to your use of our website, or notify you of changes to our privacy policy, terms of use or other policy or terms that affect you and your use of our website. we may also use information about our users, including pd, for internal purposes.

## with whom does company share information?

we may provide information to select outside companies when we believe their products or services may be of interest to you. if you opt in to receive communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy and not this privacy policy. therefore, if you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly. In addition, company may share your pd with third parties under the following circumstances:

third parties providing services on our behalf: we may engage third parties to perform services in connection with the operation of our business. examples of these services include: (a) payment processing and authorization, (b) fraud protection and credit risk reduction, (c) product customization, (d) order fulfilment, (e) shipping, (f) marketing and promotional material distribution, (g) site evaluation, and (h) data collection, storage, management, analysis and, where applicable, cleansing. these third parties may have access to this site's user information, including pd, to the extent it is needed to perform their duties and functions. We also provide some pd (including your email address) to third parties which provide services on our behalf such as Facebook, Google and Criteo, for the purposes of displaying advertisements regarding our products and services which may be of interest to you when you visit and/or log on to the third party's site. 

company's security: we may release information about our users, including pd, when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, or to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our site and applicable laws. we may also disclose such user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of company or any of our respective affiliates, business partners, customers or others.

aggregate information: we may disclose anonymous aggregated user statistics to third parties for a variety of purposes, including describing our services to prospective partners and other third parties. examples of such anonymous information include the number of users who visited this site during a specific time period or purchased a specific product through this site.

promotions: if you choose to enter a contest, sweepstakes or promotion, your pd may be disclosed to third parties in connection with such promotion, including without limitation for purposes of posting your entry with attribution or otherwise as permitted in the official rules for the promotion in question, fulfilling your prize or including your name on a winners list. also, by entering a promotion, we may request that you to consent to the use of your pd or other information, such as name, voice or likeness, in advertising, promotional and marketing materials. in addition, we may offer certain promotional content, such as a sweepstakes, sponsored by or co-branded with a third party, who may obtain the pd that you submit.

corporate change: in addition, we reserve the right to disclose, share and/or otherwise transfer user information, including without limitation pd, in connection with a corporate merger, acquisition, consolidation, the sale of a portion of our business or the sale of substantially all of company's assets, or other fundamental corporate change, whatever form it may take. you will be notified via e-mail or prominent notice on our site prior to a change of ownership or control of your personal information, if your personal information will be used contrary to this policy. company may transfer or share a copy of pd collected from this web site, off-line or otherwise, to the buyer of that portion of its business relating to that information.

## what steps are taken to keep personal information secure?

we use a security protocol that is common in the industry for encrypting sensitive information and personal information that we collect. If you place an order through this site, you will be asked to set up an account and provide an email address and password. you must provide an appropriate email address and password in order to access account information. In order to help protect your personal information further, you should be careful about providing your password to others. if you wish to cancel a password, or if you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of a password, please contact our customer service department by email at [customer_care@katespade.eu](mailto:customer_care@katespade.eu)

we strive to ensure the security of your pd on our systems, including limiting access to the pd contained on our servers. whenever you give company sensitive or confidential information, that information is transmitted through a secure connection with your web browser. unfortunately, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. company cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. we cannot ensure the security of any information you transmit to company and you do so at your own risk.

## your choices/unsubscribe

you can unsubscribe from receiving promotional material from this site by clicking on an "unsubscribe" hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send to you. additionally you can also email us at customer_care@katespade.eu or write to us at kate spade new york, attn: customer service, 182 regent street, london, w1b 5th. If you no longer wish to receive Kate Spade advertisements when you log in to certain third party sites, such as Facebook and Google you will need to change your settings on that site. If you no longer want us to share your email address with certain third parties for the purposes of that site displaying specific advertisements to you, please unsubscribe from our marketing email list by emailing us at customer_care@katespade.eu or writing to us at kate spade new york, attn: customer service, 182 regent street, london, w1b 5th. Please note that if you request that we no longer share your email address with certain third party sites, you may still receive Kate Spade advertisements unless you change your settings on that site. because customer lists are often prepared well in advance of an offering (sometimes a few months before the offer is made), you may continue to receive some offers and online advertisements after you send us a request not to use your information for specified marketing purposes. we will process your request as quickly as we reasonably can, but it may not be possible to update our systems immediately. we appreciate your patience and understanding in giving us time to carry out your request.

even if you are removed from any such list, if you order online, we will send you an email confirming your order and may need to contact you by phone, email, or regular mail if we have questions about your order. in In addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons.

if you want to opt out of having your pd shared with third parties for marketing purposes, you must opt-out at each of our sites where you register and whenever you provide pd to us. please bear in mind that this opt-out choice for "third parties" will not apply to company, company licensees and/or co-branding participants, as described below. please also keep in mind that any opt-out choices you make will not apply in situations where (a) you either have made, simultaneously make, or later make a specific request for information from us, or (b) company uses your pd for either operational purposes (e.g. to complete transactions requested by you, or to send you administrative communications either about your account with us or about features of our sites, including any future changes to this privacy policy, the terms of use, or any other policy or terms that affect you and your use of our site) or fulfilment purposes (e.g. sharing with companies that facilitate communications and transactions with you).

finally, if you do not exercise your opt-out choices upon registration or otherwise at the time the pd is provided, it may take some time to process your opt-out choices. our systems require time to update, and promotional mailings using pd shared before your opt-out may already be in process. thus, your pd might continue to be shared with third parties for promotional purposes for some time after you make your request, for similar reasons, if your pd is shared with a third party, company largely or completely loses control over how that information is used. thus, even after you have opted out of allowing us to share your pd, you might continue to receive promotional materials from third parties unless and until you duly register your opt-out request with each third party in question.

## what happens when i link to or from another website?

please be aware that when you are navigating our website or viewing an email or other content provided by kate spade, you may have the opportunity to click on links that take you outside of kate spade's service to other websites or online content that are beyond kate spade's control. if you "click" on the link to such a third party, the "click" takes you to a third party's website or online content. we have no control over and are not responsible for the content of any third party websites to which you navigate. please be advised that the practices described in this privacy policy do not apply to information gathered through these other websites. we encourage you to be aware of when you leave this website and to read the privacy policies of each and every website that you visit.

if you have accessed this website through a link from certain of our advertising or marketing partners, this website may include a frame of the applicable advertising or marketing partner. nevertheless, the information you provide to us through these framed web pages is collected by us, and our use of this information is governed by this privacy policy.

## what about online surveys?

we may from time to time conduct on-line surveys. when you complete an online survey, we may ask for certain information including your age, zip code, shopping habits, email and/or mailing address. this information will be treated in accordance with this privacy policy.

## collection in and transfer to the united states

this website is operated in the european union and the united states. if you are located in the european union, canada or elsewhere outside of the united states, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be collected in or transferred to the united states. by using our website, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer. 

## sharing pages with friends

the site may offer you the possibility to connect your accounts from third party social media sites, such as facebook and twitter, through an application programming interface (api) or other software. by allowing the site to connect with your accounts on such third party sites, you consent to our accessing the information in those accounts, which information may include pd. you likewise consent to our publishing on the site any such information or actions you take on such third party sites. additionally, you understand that by accessing the site via your social media account, activity you engage in through the site may be published on the third party site. it is your choice whether to use any such third party sites, and you understand that in some instances such third party sites may request to access and publish information about you or your friends from company.

© 2017 kate spade & company all rights reserved.
