> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the katvondbeauty.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170623224616id_/http%3A//www.katvondbeauty.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Kat Von D Beauty Privacy Policy

LATEST REVISION AND POSTING DATE:  
November 17, 2015

Thank you for visiting KatVonDBeauty.com (the “Site”). This website is operated by Kendo Holdings Inc. (“We” or “Us”), a wholly owned subsidiary of Sephora USA, Inc., under license from Kat Von D. This Site is not affiliated with any other website operated or controlled by Kat Von D (including www.wonderlandla.com), any other website operated or controlled by Sephora USA, Inc., or any other website operated or controlled by Us.

This policy describes what information we may collect from you or obtain about you when you use the services or features of the Site (including by making purchases) and how that information may be used and shared. You may be accessing our Site from a computer, tablet or mobile phone device and this policy governs your use of our Site regardless of the means of access.

We may, from time to time, modify this Privacy Policy and we invite you to check back periodically to see if we have made any changes. If We make any material changes, We will post a notice on our home page and will obtain your consent if the material changes affect the way We use the information We have already collected from you. Your continued use of this Site constitutes your agreement to abide by this Privacy Policy as changed from time to time. For more information about the terms of use for this Site, please visit our Terms of Use page.

We like to interact with you on third party sites where We may post content and invite your feedback or contributions, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram or YouTube ("Third Party Sites"). 

This policy applies only to information collected by Us when you use this Site and does not apply to information collected on any other Third Party Site that may link to or be accessible from this Site. Except as otherwise described below, this policy does not cover the privacy practices of any Third Party Sites or other companies that We do not own or control, or the actions of people that We do not employ or manage. You should check the privacy policies of all Third Party Sites before providing personal information to or through those Third Party Sites. Please see our Terms of Use for more information about how We can interact with you via Third Party Sites.

This Site is directed to viewers in the United States only and information collected on the Site goes directly to servers housed in the United States. Your privacy is important to Us and this policy has been developed as an extension of our commitment to combine the finest quality products and services with the highest level of integrity in dealing with our customers. This Privacy Policy guides how We collect, store, and use information, and it will be periodically assessed against new technologies, business practices, and our customers' changing needs.

## COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

We take your concerns about privacy seriously and our Privacy Policy recognizes that personal information deserves protection. Our Privacy Policy describes the personal information We collect from you and why; how We use this information; when We share this information with third parties; the choices you can make about how your personal information is collected, used, or shared; and the data security, accuracy, and access measures We have adopted to protect your information under our control from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure.

Collection:  
Personal information will only be collected to the extent that We deem it to be reasonably necessary to serve a legitimate business or marketing purpose. In general, we will collect personal information from you when you make a purchase, if you request services from Us that require information, registration, or subscription, or when you register as a user on our Site and create an account with Us. The type of personal information that We collect will depend on the circumstances but may include your name, e-mail address, telephone number, shipping address, billing address and credit card information.

If you access our Site with your log-in credentials from a social networking site (e.g., Facebook or Twitter) or if you otherwise agree to associate your account with Us with a social networking site, We may receive personal information about you from such social networking site, in accordance with the terms of use and privacy policy of that social networking site. We may add this information to the information We have already collected from you via our own Site. We call this process “Social Log-In.”

We may also run sweepstakes and promotions in collaboration with Kat Von D, either directly from our Site or through her own social media channels on Twitter, Instagram or Facebook. All sweepstakes and promotions will have their own official rules which will address the ownership of information, photos or videos collected during those sweepstakes and promotions. Personal information submitted by you in connection with a sweepstakes or promotion will be collected and used by Us in accordance with this Privacy Policy and the official rules. We also may combine personal information We collect with publicly available information to enhance and personalize your shopping experience with Us, to communicate with you about our products and events that may be of interest to you, and for other promotional purposes.

If you choose not to provide personal information We request, you may be unable to make a purchase, access certain services and content on our Site or participate in sweepstakes and promotions.

Our Site, in coordination with Third Party Sites, offers a number of ways for you to contribute content and show Us your favorite products and inspirations and provide ratings and reviews. For example, user generated content on Twitter, YouTube or Instagram that uses a unique hashtag promoted by our Site or by Kat Von D through her social media channels will be pulled through to and posted on our Site. We view this user generated content as public information and not personal information. Our Site may offer other interactive services in the future and this Privacy Policy will govern your use of those services as they evolve. If you want to use any of these interactive services, you may have to provide personal information (including some demographic information like your age) and any personal information you submit will become part of your profile, as maintained by Us. Please review our Terms of Use for the Site because they explain the way you can participate in our interactive services in more detail.

Like most websites, our Site automatically collects and uses the data contained in log files generated when you navigate through the Site. The information in the log files may include your IP (Internet Protocol) address, your ISP (Internet Service Provider), the Web browser you used to visit the Site, the time you visited the Site, which Web pages you visited on the Site, and other anonymous website usage data. As noted above, our Site also collects information from you when you use a Third Party Site to post content to our Site. Please be aware that if you disclose personal information by submitting content to the Site, that information may be collected and used by third parties without our knowledge and may result in unsolicited communications from third parties. Such activities are beyond our control. Please review our Terms of Use for the Site regarding creating and submitting user-generated content to the Site.

Please note that if you choose to share personal information about yourself in an open format, such as through a Third Party Site like Facebook, Instagram or Twitter, We consider that information to be public information - and not personal information.

Where Information is Stored and Security  
Information collected by Us from you will be maintained on servers protected by security features located in the U.S. and access to the information stored on those servers is limited to authorized persons. We use industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (“SSL”) authentication to guarantee the confidentiality of online transactions made on our Site. SSL authentication and encryption of the information that you send to us over the Internet help protect your online transaction information from third party interception. We may use third parties to design and host the Site and to initiate communications with you. As a result, personal information may be stored on servers owned by other companies. Except as otherwise described herein, only We have the right to access this information.

We ensure our Site uses physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your personal information. For example, we never display your full credit card number once it has been entered. We will only reveal the last four digits of your credit card for verification purposes. However, we urge you to protect your own privacy by not sharing account information or passwords with anyone including in an unsolicited phone call or e-mail. You should keep your registration with Us current and complete. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password. Please notify Us if there is any unauthorized use or your account or password. We recommend that you always log out from your account at the end of a session with us to prevent other people from accessing your account without your permission.

Unfortunately, despite all of our efforts, there is always a risk that third parties may unlawfully intercept transmissions. For example, We cannot ensure the security of your data during transmission to Us or the security of your data on any mobile device or on a computer. This reality is true of all Internet or data transmission use. As a result, We cannot ensure the security of any information during transmission, and you transmit all information at your own risk.

Use:  
We will collect personal information from users resident in the United States primarily to make our Site and our services more rewarding for you to use. We usually will use this information for internal purposes, such as studying our customers' preferences or to send out announcements or communications with information about new products and special features. We may also use your information to track your product interests, purchase history, and to contact you for account and promotional purposes. We may also share personal information with third parties for analytical purposes and in order to help us notify you of products or services that We think may be of interest to you. We may also share your information with outside third party service providers who are authorized to use this information solely to perform services on our behalf. Finally, we may collect and use personal information for other purposes as required or permitted by applicable law including to enforce our rights or carry out our obligations.

If you receive an e-mail from Us and want to avoid further messages, look at the end of the e-mail for instructions on how to remove yourself (or “unsubscribe”) from the mailing list. You can also update your communication preferences in your account settings on the Site.

Our collection and use of personal information is based on the fact that our Site is directed to residents of the United States only and we do not intend to collect information from users who reside in other countries. The laws of other countries may differ regarding what personal information may be collected and how it may be used by Us.

Cookies, Pixel Tags and Tracking:  
We want to give you the best possible experience when you visit the Site. So We like to constantly update and improve the features on our Site, We like to personalize your browsing experience and We like to recognize you when you return. We have a variety of ways of doing this.

The Site uses "cookies." We may also use cookies and other tracking code if we send emails to you. A cookie or other tracking code is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Generally, We use cookies to remind Us of who you are, tailor our products, services and advertising to suit the personal interests of you and others, estimate our audience size, assist our online service providers to track visits to our Site, and to track your status in our promotions, and/or analyze your visiting patterns. Certain of our service providers may use cookies and collect information on our behalf. They are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than Us or our other service providers. In addition, in connection with the services that they provide to Us, certain of our service providers may work with third parties who may use cookies to collect anonymous information to tailor advertising for you and others elsewhere on the Web. These third parties do not have access to any personal information about you. If you would like to opt out of accepting cookies altogether, you can generally set your browser to not accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. However, certain features of the Site or our services may not work if you delete or disable cookies.

We also use pixel tags (also called Web beacons or "clear" gifs) on our Site. They help Us analyze what our clients like to do on our Site and the effectiveness of our features and advertising. They can also help Us customize your browsing and shopping experience. We may use information collected through pixel tags or tracked links in combination with your personal information. We may also combine personal information you provide to Us with other personal information (such as purchase history and demographic information). We often work with other companies to help Us track, collect and analyze this information but they are prohibited from using this information for any other purpose.

We may also work with advertising partners (like Google and Mediaforge) that use cookies, pixel tags and other tracking technologies to serve advertisements on behalf of their retail clients, including Us, across the Internet, including to you after you have visited our Site. These advertising partners may change from time to time. These advertising partners engage in remarketing, online behavioral advertising and ad delivery and reporting. With respect to Us, these advertising partners may collect anonymous information about your browser as it makes visits to websites across the Internet (including our Sites) and your interaction with our advertising and e-mail communications. This anonymous information may also be used to tailor advertising for you and others elsewhere on the Internet. We will have access to the information collected by these advertising partners and We can then use it in combination with personal information provided by you to Us to enhance your experience on our Site. We will not share your personal information with these advertising partners. If you would like more information about this practice or would like to know your choices about not having your information used by these companies, please visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/

Access to Your Information by Third Parties:  
Whenever We permit a third party to access personal information, commercially appropriate procedures will be followed to help ensure that such information is used only by authorized persons for authorized purposes in a manner consistent with the choices you have made under this Privacy Policy, and that the security, integrity, and privacy of the information is maintained. As described above, from time to time, We may share your information with outside third party service providers authorized to use this information solely to perform services on our behalf. We may also share aggregate information about our customers with advertisers and marketing partners. This information does not identify individual users or use personal information. In certain limited circumstances We may disclose personal information when We believe it is necessary to identify, contact, or bring legal action against persons or entities in order to protect Us or our customers or when We believe that the law or legal process requires such disclosure.

Any personal information that you include in any content submitted by you when using Our interactive services (including photographs or other user generated content) or through Third Party Sites may be displayed on our Site, so please consider this before submitting any such content. Please don't submit any information that you don't want the whole world to know!

We do not currently sell or license personal information to unaffiliated third parties. Before selling or licensing your personal information, We will post a notice in this Privacy Policy and on the home page of the Site. However, We may share personal information with our parent company, Sephora USA, Inc. or our other affiliates. In the event that another company buys the assets or stock of Kendo Holdings Inc., your personal information may be shared with the other company who may then use and disclose your personal information for substantially similar purposes as described in this Privacy Policy. We may also share this information with prospective purchasers so that they may determine whether to proceed with the transaction.

## CHILDREN’S PRIVACY STATEMENT

We comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. If you are under the age of 13, you can look at our Site, but you cannot make a purchase, use any service on our Site that asks for personal information and you cannot use Social Log-In. Our Site is not designed for children. We do not wish to collect any information from children under 13. If We become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a child under the age of 13, We will delete such information from our records. This policy is designed to protect children. Federal law requires Us to take special steps to safeguard children's privacy. For more information about this federal law and about children’s privacy, click here.

## SOCIAL MEDIA AND OTHER THIRD PARTIES

In the future, We may work with application developers who specialize in social media so We can connect to your social networks like Twitter, Instagram and YouTube. All of these companies operate Third Party Sites. We may provide access to our Site by third parties and business partners so We can generate interest in our products among members of your social networks and to allow you to share product interests with friends in your network.

The use of any features made available to you on our Site by a third party may result in information being collected or shared about you by Us or by the third party. Information collected or shared through any such third party features is considered "public information" by Us because the Third Party Sites made it publicly available (except where applicable privacy laws where you reside consider that information to be personal information). If you do not want Us to be able to access information about you from Third Party Sites, you must instruct Third Party Sites not to share the information (for example, by adjusting your privacy settings in your account with such Third Party Site). We cannot control how your data is collected, stored, used or shared by Third Party Sites or to whom it is disclosed. Please be sure to review the privacy policies and privacy settings on your social networking sites to make sure you understand the information they are sharing. If you do not want a Third Party Site to share information about you, you must contact that site and determine whether it gives you the opportunity to opt out of sharing such information. We are not responsible for how these third parties may use information collected from or about you.

## QUESTIONS AND COMMENTS?

This Privacy Policy has been developed out of respect for the privacy preferences and choices of customers of and visitors to our Site. We have established procedures to ensure that reasonable effort is made to address your concerns. Questions or comments may be directed to:

information@KatVonDBeauty.com or

Kat Von D Beauty  
Attn: Privacy Officer  
c/o Kendo Holdings Inc.  
525 Market Street, 32nd Floor  
San Francisco, CA 94105

## YOUR CALIFORNIA RIGHTS

Pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California can obtain certain information about the types of personal information that companies with whom they have an established business relationship have shared with third parties for direct marketing purposes during the preceding calendar year. In particular, the law provides that companies must inform consumers about the categories of personal information that have been shared with third parties, the names and addresses of those third parties, and examples of the types of services or products marketed by those third parties. To request a copy of the information disclosure provided by Kendo Holdings, Inc. pursuant to Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, please contact us via email or at the address stated above. Please allow 30 days for a response.

If you wish to request access to or correction of your personal information in our custody or control, you may write to the above address. Your right to access or correct your personal information is subject to applicable legal restrictions. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. You may withdraw your consent to our collection, use and disclosure of personal information at any time, subject to contractual and legal restrictions and reasonable notice. Note that if you withdraw your consent to certain uses of your personal information, We may no longer be able to provide certain of our products or services to you.
