> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kenyon.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190428064430id_/https%3A//www.kenyon.edu/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement · Kenyon College

Revised March 26, 2018

## Policy

Kenyon College (“Kenyon,” “www.kenyon.edu,” “we,”, “us,” or “our”) is committed to protecting your privacy. The following is an overview of the Personal Information we collect while you’re visiting [www.kenyon.edu](http://www.kenyon.edu/) (the “Site”), how we use it, and how to contact us for more information (“Website Privacy Policy”).  Personal Information is information that can be used to identify you as an individual. This Policy applies only to the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of Personal Information collected through the Site and does not apply to any other data or information collected by us online or offline except to the extent this Policy is expressly incorporated such as us, by internet link on a website or presentation or display to Users in the course of providing services. Other sites that are accessed via _[www.kenyon.edu](http://www.kenyon.edu/)_ , including our admissions applicant portal and our [alumni online community](https://forward.kenyon.edu/contact-us/privacy/), have privacy policies specific to those sites.

Users and visitors to the Site are subject to the terms, conditions, and provisions stated in this Policy and any other relevant terms, conditions, policies, or notices posted or included on the Site. By visiting or using the Site, you agree to the terms of this Policy and, if you provide us your Personal Information, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information as described in this Policy. If you do not agree with this Policy, please do not provide us any Personal Information and do not use the Site.

### Information Collected

#### Information Voluntarily Supplied by You.

We collect Personal Information when you provide this information directly to us, such as voluntarily submitting a form. You decide whether you wish to provide us with Personal Information. We have structured our website so that you may visit us and obtain information related to Kenyon without revealing your identity, or voluntarily providing any Personal Information; however, certain website services for employees and students may require a personal login to access. Also, as discussed below, our Site uses Google Analytics to automatically collect device information when you visit [www.kenyon.edu](http://www.kenyon.edu/) (see section on Google Analytics below).

If you provide us with Personal Information, you agree to provide accurate, complete and true information. You agree to not use a false or misleading name that you are not authorized to use.

#### Information Gathered Automatically on Kenyon.edu

**Google Analytics  
** We use the web analytics service Google Analytics (which uses and our server logs to help us analyze how users interact with the Site. Each time you visit the Site, information about the device you use to access our web pages and how you use our website, such as your IP address, geographical location, length of visit and pages viewed is automatically gathered (“Web Analytical Information”).

The Web Analytical Information generated by Google Analytics will be transmitted to and stored by Google and will be subject to _[Google’s privacy policies](http://www.google.com/policies/privacy)_.

We do not use Google Analytics to collect Personal Information; however, Web Analytical Information may be linked with Personal Information voluntarily provided on the admissions applicant portal or collected by engaging with emails from the Office of Admissions. Learn more about the _[applicant portal's privacy policy](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Vx3bStusw-51yBh7lj_oCPMLW_741dAYNPCscI1mNIE/edit?usp=sharing)_.

**Web services requiring employee or student authentication  
** Kenyon automatically collects and logs Web Analytical Information from employees and students when they use Kenyon’s web services that are linked from the Site and require authentication. Log data may include your Internet Protocol (IP) address, date and time the website or systems were used, and technical information about your devices and preferences. Log data may be used to facilitate your access to Kenyon websites and services, monitor system performance, troubleshoot problems, and facilitate Kenyon’s response in the event of prohibited uses of computing resources, or unauthorized access to sensitive data.

### How We Use Your Information

Kenyon uses the information collected about you through the Site, including any Personal Information, in the ways listed below:

  * To improve site and service performance and delivery, and to analyze how sites and services are being accessed and used
  * To provide requested products and services
  * To respond to your inquiries and provide customer support
  * For our internal marketing purposes, which include, but are not limited to, sending you information and news that we think may be of interest to you in our electronic newsletters and other communications
  * For investigation of incidents related to information security and information asset protection
  * To test, correct and improve our content, applications and services
  * To develop new applications, products and services
  * To comply with the law or protect property rights



We retain Personal Information only as long as needed to effectuate the above uses.

### Opt-Out Options and Information Requests

#### Google Analytics

To opt-out of Google web traffic data collection you may alter your browser settings to refuse the use of cookies. Google also provides the following _[option](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/)_ to opt-out of Google Analytics tracking.

If you are visiting the  Site using a mobile device such as a smartphone or tablet, please refer to the manufacturer’s instructions and individual browser settings on how to manage cookies.

#### Information Requests

You have the right to see the Personal Information we have collected on the Site. You may also request correction or deletion of Personal Information, restrict processing, and opt out of communications and direct marketing. For specific requests please [contact Kenyon’s privacy officer](https://www.kenyon.edu/contact-us/information-request/). Please allow 15 business days for your request to be processed.

If you submit a request that we delete your Personal Information, we will comply with your request in a reasonable time. We may need to retain certain Personal Information to comply with legal obligations.

### Data Sharing

We may contract with outside service providers, including but not limited to outside service vendors and SaaS software vendors. A list of service providers is available upon request from the Privacy Officer. It may be necessary to share Personal Information with the third party for completion of the services. We do not provide data to a third party for any purpose that is not directly related to college business, and we will never sell, rent, loan, trade or lease your personal information to any third party. We may also disclose Personal Information if we believe it is required to comply with a law or protect legal rights.

### Information Protection

We employ commercially reasonable technical and administrative security measures to maintain data accuracy, prevent unauthorized access, and ensure the appropriate use of Personal Information we gather about you. However, no security measures are guaranteed to be completely effective and we cannot warrant the information you submit to us. Any information submitted to us is done at your own risk.

### Disclaimer

Our Website Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites that may be accessible through the Kenyon College website or internal College websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those third parties to learn how they collect and use information about you. Additionally, this Website Privacy Policy does not apply to information you submit to the College through other means (such as in person at our various offices, or through paper applications). Through these types of offline processes, those interested in or associated with the College may be added to mailing lists or databases that are not centrally managed by the College, but are instead managed by departments or offices on campus. While we will make every reasonable attempt to assist you in removing yourself from these databases, this Website Privacy Policy does not apply to them or to any other information that is not submitted online through www.kenyon.edu.

### Billing and Credit Card Information

We use a third-party merchant services provider to assist us with providing online payment processing, and we may share your Personal Information with our merchant services provider to enable online payments. We limit the amount and types of Personal Information we share with Service Providers to what they need to reasonably perform their functions. Credit card information collected by Kenyon is only used to process your transaction. Credit card information is not stored on Kenyon College servers. Credit card information may also be collected on the admissions portal and the online alumni community, which are fully PCI compliant third party services.  

### Special Disclosures

#### “Do Not Track” Disclosure

Kenyon follows the standards explained in this Privacy Policy and does not interact with or implement browser “Do Not Track” requests.

#### Children

The Site is not directed at children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 13 without obtaining parental consent. It is our procedure to promptly delete any Personal Information collected from a child under the age of 13 upon discovery of such a circumstance. If you believe that we may have collected Personal Information from a child under the age of 13, please notify us using the form located at the end of this Privacy Policy.

#### California Minor Residents

California residents under the age of 18 who register to use the Site are able to request and obtain removal of content or Personal Information they have publicly posted or provided. If this section applies to you and you wish to exercise this right, please submit a request using the contact form at the end of this Privacy Policy.

#### International Compliance

We comply with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and you have certain rights available to you under this regulation. We will comply with your requests to: (1) give you access to Personal Information we hold about you, (2) have inaccurate Personal Information rectified or deleted, or (3) stop using your Personal Information in a certain way. For specific requests please [contact Kenyon’s privacy officer](https://www.kenyon.edu/contact-us/information-request/). Please allow 15 business days for your request to be processed.

### Changes to this Statement

This Website Privacy Policy may be amended from time to time. Any such changes will be posted on this page. The date of last revision section at the top of this Website Privacy Policy will be updated to reflect when changes have been made to the Policy.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Website Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, your dealings with this site, or wish to make a request for access, correction, or deletion of your Personal Information, please contact:

Privacy Officer  
Kenyon College  
Gambier, OH 43022  
 _[Information Request Form](https://www.kenyon.edu/contact-us/information-request/)_
