> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hbs.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110607053603id_/http%3A//www.hbs.edu/about/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Harvard Business School

**Privacy Statement**  
Harvard Business School understands that the privacy of its users is important. To that end, we have adopted the following policy with regard to the collection, use, and dissemination of personal information requested from visitors to this site. Personal information is information associated with a user's name or personal identity. We are providing this policy below so that you may understand the terms and conditions associated with the provision of any personal information to us. Please note, however, that this policy has been developed with the recognition that Internet technologies continue to develop and evolve rapidly, and that such changes may require us to alter our Privacy Policy. Any such alterations will not affect our general commitment to the protection of our visitors' privacy. We will post any changes to our Privacy Policy on this page. Your continued use of this Website constitutes acceptance of such terms and policies.

**General Statement**  
You may visit our website without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information. However, certain transactions that you choose to engage in on this site will require your submission of personal information, including, but not limited to, news feed requests, brochure or video requests, listservs and mailing lists, alumni profile updates, applications and certain databases. As a general rule, Harvard Business School will not sell, swap, rent, or otherwise disclose to any third party any such personal information for commercial purposes. Such information will be utilized only for the purpose stated. To accomplish such purpose, Harvard Business School may disclose the information to its employees, consultants and agents (including, for purposes of the application process, alumni interviewers) who have a legitimate need to know the information. Harvard Business School also reserves the right to disclose this information under special circumstances, including disclosures required by law, court order or circumstances under which disclosure, in the sole discretion of Harvard Business School, is necessary to protect the legal rights, including the intellectual property rights, of Harvard Business School or the President and Fellows of Harvard College.

**Personal Information Collected and Use of Information**  
Alumni profile information submitted for inclusion in the HBS Alumni Directory or submitted via other University channels is available to HBS alumni, faculty, staff, and students, pursuant privacy settings chosen by individual alumni participants. Data in the alumni directory includes but is not limited to: contact information, employment history, interests, and education history and are intended to facilitate inter-alumni communication, as well as communication between the School and its alumni. Any commercial use of information obtained from the alumni directory is prohibited. 

The admissions processes for HBS Executive Education programs, MBA program, and Doctoral programs require applicants to provide personal information and preferences. The applicant also has the option of providing additional company information during this process. We encourage our applicants to fill in all of this information, so that the Admissions Committee can select the most qualified and diverse group from among the pool of candidates, ensuring an interactive and invigorating learning experience for all program participants. Except as set forth in our General Statement above, personal information that you provide us will be utilized only for the purpose for which it has been requested.

We do not intentionally collect personally identifiable information about children age 13 or younger. If you suspect that we have personal, identifying information about your child, please notify us immediately so that we may remove this information from our database.

**Usage Information Collected and Use of Information**  
Harvard Business School may collect other information about its users that is not connected with any specific personal identity, such as data about usage and service operation. The following summarizes the types of information that we may collect.

_System Information, IP Addresses and Referrers_  
When you connect to our website, our web server may record the numerical Internet Protocol (IP) address of the computer you are using, information about your browser and operating system, date and time of access and the internet address and page which linked you to our site. The School's staff uses such information to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer and improve our website and to generate aggregate statistical reports that analyze general user information and demographics. Unless required by legal process, we do not link IP addresses to anything personally identifiable. This means that user sessions may be tracked by IP address, but a user's identity remains anonymous. 

In addition, we ordinarily do not disclose to third parties site usage by individual IP addresses, but may do so in very limited circumstances when complying with law or legal process, working with consultants assisting us in fixing or improving our site, or in monitoring and improving the security of our network. Our staff monitors search terms that users enter into our Search Engine, but this tracking is never associated with individual users.

_Cookies_  
Cookies are unique bits of computer data that many major websites will transfer to your computer the first time that you visit. Cookies are stored on your hard drive and may be later accessed by the website to track prior usage. Harvard Business School uses cookies and pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These GIF files are provided by our ad management partners. These files enable the adservers to recognize the unique cookies on your Web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our website. The cookie was placed by us, or by our ad management partner. With both cookies and Spotlight technology, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address.

A cookie may also be used to deliver customizable and personalized services and information by tracking which pages a user has already visited. We may also use cookies to anonymously track session information, such as pages visited or duration of visit, which will help us continue to improve our format and content.

You may be able to set your browser to refuse cookies or to alert you when one is being sent. It is likely that some portions of our site will not operate properly if cookies are disabled.

**External Links**  
The Harvard Business School site contains links to other independently run Web sites within the Harvard network and to some sites outside both the "hbs.edu" and "harvard.edu" domains that are not controlled by Harvard Business School or Harvard University and are not covered by this privacy policy. Harvard Business School is not responsible for the privacy practices, security or content of such Web sites.

**Security Precautions**  
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Unfortunately, due to the nature of Internet communications, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be completely secure. While Harvard Business School remains committed to protecting the privacy of our users, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. We do so by using secure technology, privacy protection controls, and restrictions on employee access, however, we make no representations regarding the veracity of such measures.
