> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jeffreycampbellshoes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161119140154id_/http%3A//www.jeffreycampbellshoes.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**WHY WE COLLECT INFO**  
We collect personal information because it helps us improve and deliver our products and services. In addition, your personal information helps us communicate to you our latest products, special offers, and information and events about which you might like to hear. We also collect your personal information to help us design and deliver our Website, and to deliver targeted marketing to you based on your interests and previous purchases. We also may correlate your personal information obtained from you with information from other sources. For example, if you provide us with your personal information, we may cross-check that against information that might be otherwise available through other entities such as when you, or a business with which you are affiliated, seeks to open a credit account with us, or in order to prevent or detect fraud.

**WHAT INFO WE COLLECT**   
The following generally describes the type of info we may collect about you. Those who wish to communicate with us but do not wish to provide personally identifiable info online may contact us through the address or phone numbers provided on our Site, or through our online chat function. However, you should note that if you contact us by phone, online chat or via postal mail, you may still be submitting personally identifiable info to us, as set forth herein.

**CUSTOMER SUPPORT**  
You may call our customer service line for info about our products or personal shopping advice. If you do so, we may ask you for info such as your name, email address, postal address, telephone number and, if you choose to make a purchase, your payment card info. We use this info to respond to your requests and process your transactions.

**ONLINE SHOPPING**  
When you order products or services from the Site, we will collect the info necessary to complete your order, such as your name, e-mail address, shipping address, payment info (including credit card number and/or PayPal identifier) and billing address and/or shipping address. You may also provide us with other info that you might submit. If you create an account, we will collect info about your purchases and payment methods, as well as the shipping addresses that you add to your address book, in order to make future shopping experiences faster and more convenient.

**GENERAL BROWSING**  
We do not automatically collect info unless you voluntarily input or submit this info, such as during a registration or ordering process, when you submit questions or comments, request info or participate in online surveys, contests, promotions or other activities. Should you voluntarily provide us with personally identifiable info, you consent to our use of it in accordance with this Privacy Notice. Even if you do not submit personal info through the Site, we gather navigational info about where visitors go on the Site and info about the technical efficiencies of our Site and services (i.e., time to connect to the Site, time to download pages, etc.). This info allows us to see which areas of our Site are most visited and helps us better understand the user experience. This helps us improve the quality of the Site by recognizing and delivering more of the features, areas, and services our visitors prefer. In this process of gathering info, we may collect personally identifiable and non-personally identifiable info (for example, domain type, browser type and version, service provider and IP address, referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and click-stream data). We may also create and use electronic records to compile statistics about how our visitors collectively interact with our Site.

**HOW WE COLLECT INFO – YOU GIVE IT TO US**  
We collect info from you when you submit it to us through our Site, other digital media or in one of our stores.

**WE COLLECT IT AUTOMATICALLY**  
We automatically collect certain types of info when you visit our Site or use our products and services. For example, we automatically collect various types of technical info when you use our Site as otherwise described in this Privacy Notice.

**WE COLLECT IT FROM OTHER SOURCES**  
We may obtain info about you from outside sources. For example, we may obtain commercially available info about you from third parties, such as credit info or to prevent fraud, or purchase e-mail lists from third parties for advertising and marketing purposes. We may also receive info from third-parties who provide services for us through web-beacons and other technologies as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Notice.

**COOKIES**  
Cookies are bits of electronic info that a site may transfer to a visitor's computer to identify specific info about the visitor's visits to the site. We use cookies, for example, to preserve the contents of your virtual shopping bag between visits. The Site uses a browser feature known as a cookie, which assigns a unique identification to your computer. Cookies are typically stored on your computer's hard drive and are used to help track clicks as you go through the pages within our Site. We may also use cookies to tell us whether you have previously visited the Site. We also use cookies which may be set by third-parties with whom we have entered into agreements which may enable us to obtain analytics info about the use of our Site. You can set your browser not to accept cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it. You may also use commonly available tools in your browser to remove cookies which may have been placed onto your computer. However, please be aware that the Site requires cookies to operate correctly. For example, if you turn off cookies or refuse them, you will not be able to make purchases on the Site. We will not use shared local objects (commonly referred to as "FLASH cookies") in a manner inconsistent with the purposes for which they were designed unless you are specifically notified that we intend to use them for a specific service. FLASH cookies are cookies that are placed on your computer that are not removed through normal browser management tools.

**WEB BEACONS + CLEAR-GIFS + PIXEL TAGS + JAVASCRIPT**  
We also may use "pixel tags" (also called "action pixels," "web beacons" or "clear gifs") and/or JavaScript plug-ins, placed on our Site and in our emails to you. These web beacons and plug-ins are small graphic images (typically that you cannot see) or code on a site or in an email message which are used for such things as recording web pages and advertisements clicked-on by a user, or for tracking the performance of email marketing campaigns. These devices help us analyze our customers' online behavior and measure the effectiveness of our Site and our marketing. We also work with third-party service providers that help us track, collect, and analyze this info. Third-party entities with whom we have agreements may place these devices on the Site and/or in e-mails to use info obtained from them such as pages viewed, items purchased, e-mails opened and items upon which you may click in e-mails. These third-party providers may also place cookies onto your computer. Those third-party cookies may enable us to obtain aggregate demographic info and user statistics about you and your preferences from these third-party sources as well as our info we have about you.

**SERVER LOGS + WIDGETS**  
A web "server log" is a record of activity created by a computer that delivers certain web pages to your browser. Certain activities that you perform on our Site may record info in server logs, such as if you enter a search term into a search box located on the Site. The server log may record the search term(s), or the link you clicked on to bring you to our Site. The server log may also record info about your browser, such as you IP address and the cookies set on your browser. A "widget" is generally an application that can be embedded in a webpage. Widgets can provide real-time info to the webpage. Widgets are often provided by third-parties and we may provide widgets on our site. Widgets may enable the third-parties that provide them to collect date about users visiting the Site.

**SEARCH**  
We may provide you with options to search for info on our Site. If you enter info in a search query box, we may store that info and we may aggregate that info with other info we may have about the browser and/or IP address from which the search query originated.

**SURVEYS + CONTESTS + PROMOTIONS**  
From time to time, we may request info from users via surveys, contests and promotions. Participation in these surveys or promotions is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this info. If you choose to participate, we may ask you for additional info, which may include contact info (such as name, email and shipping address), demographic info (such as postal code, age level) and provide better services and options to you. We use the info you provide to administer our contests, sweepstakes and other promotions, in addition to the purposes set forth herein. If your info gathered via a survey will be used in a manner different from that described in this Privacy Notice, such use will be detailed in the survey instructions. For example, the instructions will alert you if the info will be shared with anyone in addition to those identified in this Privacy Notice, such as a third-party sponsoring the survey.

**CONTENT YOU SHARE**  
You may be able to post info and materials publicly, for example, in reviews, chat areas, and other similar forums (collectively, "Forums"), subject to the Forum rules in our Terms of Use. If you post any info in a Forum on the Site, it will be deemed public info and available to the general public. Please do not post any personally identifiable info in a review or forum. If you do post personally identifiable info, you do so at your own risk, and consent to it being used as a Submission, in accordance with our Terms of Use. You may also be able to send certain content to other individuals using the Site. To send info to others, we request both your email address and theirs. We use this info only to fulfill your request. We may retain the info you provide in connection with this feature. We will not include any third-party advertisements within the messages sent to your friends.

**HOW WE USE THE INFO WE COLLECT**  
We use the info we collect internally in our business for many business purposes, such as to: (i) provide the products or services you may order, including processing orders and returns; (ii) analyze trends and conduct research about improving our products and services; (iii) provide support and respond to questions from customers and Site visitors; (iv) improve our stores, Site, products and/or services; (v) learn about customers' needs; (vi) contact consumers for research, infoal, and marketing purposes, including customizing our product recommendations and promotions to you based upon your info and purchases; (vii) track traffic patterns and Site usage; (viii) enable online ordering and provide customer service with respect to such orders; (ix) correlate info with other commercially available info to identify demographics and preferences to assist us in our marketing efforts; (x) provide specific relevant marketing, promotional, or other info to you; (xi) address info security and/or privacy practices control, network functioning, engineering, and troubleshooting issues; (xii) investigate claims and/or legal actions, violations of law or agreements, and compliance with relevant applicable laws and legal process; (xiii) comply with law, or based on our good faith belief that it is necessary to conform or comply with the law, or otherwise to disclose info to prevent fraud to reduce credit risks, to cooperate with police and other governmental authorities, or to protect the rights, property or safety of visitors to the Site or the public; and, (xiv) process or engage in a sale of all or part of our business, or if we go through a reorganization or merger.

We use the info we collect in a variety of ways. Generally, using all of the above mentioned, and similar type tools, we may collect, aggregate, and use info from or about you such as data about the type of browser and operating system used, which web pages you view, the time and duration or your visits to our Site, the search queries you may use on this Site, whether you clicked on any items or links on the Site, whether you have clicked on any links in any emails sent from us, or third-parties on our behalf, whether you have chosen to opt-out of certain services or info sharing, and whether you have viewed or ordered certain products or services.

We may also share personally identifiable info and non-personally identifiable info externally with our affiliates, licensees and joint venture partners, as well as with other third-party service providers who help us provide operational services for the Site and our business, which might include, but is not necessarily limited to: business entities that provide e-mail address management and communication contact services, network equipment and application management providers and hosting entities, credit and debit card payment gateways and processors and the issuing and acquiring banks involved in the funds settlement procedures necessary to charge your cards or financial accounts, entities which obtain info such as demographic info which might be aggregated with info we have about you, judicial, administrative and/or legal or financial accounting providers in the event that info must be reviewed or released in response to civil and/or criminal investigations, claims, lawsuits, or if we are subject to judicial or administrative process (such as a subpoena) to release your info or to prosecute or defend legal actions, as we believe is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity, and with other service providers which may be involved in the other types of services and activities otherwise discussed in this Privacy Notice.

We may also use your personally identifiable info to contact you in ways other than e-mail or regular mail, such as via telephone contact, facsimile or SMS, in accordance with your communication preferences..

**HOW IS PERSONAL INFORMATION PROTECTED?**  
Whenever Personal Information is stored on our computers (which may be for an indefinite period, or a more limited time based on obsolescence or other factors), that information is protected from unauthorized access or use by way of passwords or other industry-acknowledged means. In addition, servers of ours that store this information are located behind a firewall. Since certain Personal Information (such as credit card data) is especially sensitive, we take special care to keep it secure. We will only electronically transmit or ask for this information over secure Internet connections using generally accepted standards, and security keys, included industry standard SSL protocols. In addition, we require password authentication from any third parties you have authorized to receive this information. Finally, to the extent that we may ask for and will store for a period of time Personal Information consisting of your credit card number or financial information, this information will be stored on secure designated servers where access is limited to individuals in departments charged with using such information only in connection with processing your orders and/or payment for products and services purchased; provided, however, that those orders and/or payments processed by our business partners, marketing allies and/or service providers that provide or participate in providing the services or products requested or that participate in the payment processes related to such may store such information on their servers which are governed by such third party’s privacy policy and security procedures.

Of course, we appreciate your help in safeguarding the integrity of your own and others' privacy. We hope you'll use common sense whenever you disclose Personal Information over the Internet. Just as importantly, we encourage you to let us know immediately if you suspect that Personal Information you share with us is being used in any way contrary to this Privacy Policy. Finally, unfortunately no data transmission over the Internet nor any storage of information on servers or other media can be guaranteed or made to be 100% secure; and while we strive to protect Personal Information, as outlined in this Privacy Policy, we cannot promise, guarantee or warrant the complete security of information.

**HOW SECURE IS MY CUSTOMER INFORMATION?**  
All transactions submitted to us are encrypted with 128 SSL software which encrypts information you input to protect it from interception by outside parties. We are committed to maintaining the highest levels of security and protection against fraud. We stay up-to-date with the latest in security technologies to ensure that your credit card information, contact information and shipping/billing information are confidential and safe. As a result, while we strive to protect your contact information, to the extent permitted by law, we do not guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our websites, you do so at your own risk. 
