> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the native-instruments.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081216011900id_/http%3A//www.native-instruments.com/index.php%3Fid%3Dprivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy policy

We have made it a priority at our company to preserve and respect personality rights of our customers in our everyday dealings with personal data. Any data collection is therefore subject to the principle of data thriftiness. Compliance with our data protection rules is ensured both by state-of-the-art security measures and processes in place and by our company Data Protection Officer.   
Personal data are data which allow conclusions about one particular person. These are specially protected by the German Federal Data Protection Act and by the German Teleservices Data Protection Act. 

Collection, processing and use of personal data   
This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.   
You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. 

By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

We do not collect any personal data during a mere visit to our homepage. We only learn the name of your internet service provider, the website from which you visit us and the pages that you access at our site. This information is analysed for statistical purposes but, as an individual user, you remain anonymous in this process. 

No personal data will be collected unless you specifically provide us with it, e. g. as part of an order for goods, a survey or when registering for personalized service. 

In the context of orders for goods on our website, the data you submit shall be stored and used for the purpose of performance of the contract. In addition to that, these data shall be used internally within our company for advertising and market research only with your prior consent. Furthermore, subject to your prior consent, we may use the information you accessed when visiting our website to compile a user profile to be able to offer you customised advertising. These data shall be transmitted in encrypted form to prevent unauthorized misuse by third parties. 

Without your consent, we shall use the personal data collected through the website of Native Instruments GmbH only for contract performance and to process your inquiries. Beyond that, your data shall be used for advertising and market research and for making the electronic services of Native Instruments GmbH even more responsive to the needs of our customers only if you have given your consent to such use. The use of your data for offering you customized advertising shall also require your prior consent. As your consent to the use of your data for the aforementioned purposes may also include transmitting your data to the companies of Native Instruments GmbH and selected business partners, your data may be transmitted to these entities as well. Otherwise your data shall not be disclosed to any third parties. Of course you have the right to revoke your consent at any time effective for all future activities. 

If the data are no longer required or the purpose for which they were collected ceases to exist, the data shall be deleted. The data we collect shall be used exclusively for our internal purposes and shall not be disclosed to others. 

External links   
In order to provide you with comprehensive information, our website contains external links to other third-party websites. To the extent that these are not clearly identifiable as such, we shall point out to you that the relevant link refers to an external website. Native Instruments GmbH has no influence on the content and design of such third-party websites. Consequently, the guarantees given under this privacy statement do naturally not apply for such other websites. 

Security precautions   
If you send us a message from our website, the content of such message shall be cryptographically secured and readable by nobody except the recipient.   
The email address you stated shall be used exclusively for responding to your inquiries.   
Our data processing system is protected against access from outside by a firewall system. Furthermore, user rights within the internal network are restricted by identification systems according to the applicable business needs. 

Our employees are bound to secrecy. Depending on which area they work in, this may include:

  * bank secrecy 
  * data secrecy 
  * telecommunications secrecy 
  * trade and business secrets 
  * and confidential information.



The data protection officer also has a special professional secrecy obligation to observe. 

Your data protection rights   
According to the BDSG you have a right to be furnished at no charge with information on the data we stored about you and on their use, as well as under certain circumstances a right to correction, blocking or deletion of your data.   
Any consent given to the processing of data may be revoked according to the TDDSG at any time and without stating any reasons. 

For further questions, please contact our Data Protection Officer Thomas Barnow:   
[privacy@native-instruments.de](mailto:privacy@native-instruments.de)

New offers of services or new developments in data protection and IT security technology may have an effect on these privacy principles. Therefore we reserve the right of changing or amending this privacy statement.
