> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nationalamusements.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160314120417id_/https%3A//www.showcasecinemas.com/about-us/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Showcase Cinemas Movie Theaters

This policy describes the information gathering and dissemination practices of National Amusements, Inc. ("NAI") with respect to the websites it operates: showcasesuperlux.com, showcasecinemas.com, nationalamusements.com and multiplexcinemas.com. The "[Popcorn Club" Online Privacy Policy](http://www.showcasecinemas.com/programs/kids-and-families/popcorn-club/privacy-policy), describes the practices specific to that program.

**Non-Personal Information** : Certain non-personal information about visits to our websites is recorded by the standard operation of the Internet servers on which our websites are operated. The non-personal information that we collect includes the type of operating system in use (e.g., Macintosh or Windows), the type of browser being used by the visitor (e.g., Chrome or Internet Explorer), IP addresses, and the number and frequency of visitors to our websites.

Personal Information: We do not collect personal information from children (individuals 12 or under). All personal information that we collect is submitted voluntarily to allow visitors of the appropriate age to enter contests, participate in loyalty or related programs, make purchases or subscribe to receive email. Registration may include contact information (name, email, age, postal address and telephone number) and demographic information (zip code or favorite theatre) to allow us to ship prizes or purchases.  If you wish to opt out of any offer or program, visit the opt-out area on our website, e-mail us at [customer_service@national-amusements](mailto:customer_service@national-amusements.com).com, or contact us at: National Amusements 846 University Avenue PO Box 9108 Norwood, MA 02062-9108 ATTENTION: Customer_Service

**Customer Service** : In the event that NAI or any of its assets are acquired by a third party, personal information acquired by NAI may be one of the assets transferred. Security of Information: We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to guard your personally identifiable information.  We use Secure Socket Layer technology, among other technologies, to protect any credit card information provided. COOKIES: Our website uses cookies as a means of storing temporary session information about visitor preferences. Cookies allow us to maintain a customized view of the site. Cookies are also used when we conduct polls, surveys and contests to limit multiple responses and registrations. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can adjust your settings to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Some parts of the site, such as polls, surveys or contests may not function properly if you disable cookies.

**CREDIT CARD PROCESSING AND SECURITY** : Purchasing tickets through our partner MovieTickets.com is secure. MovieTickets.com uses the latest industry standard encryption technology to keep visitor's personal information confidential and secure. Personal information such as name, postal address and credit card information is required to complete these orders and may be used to contact customers about their orders or to verify purchase and billing. You may review their privacy policy at movietickets.com.

**PRIVACY FOR CHILDREN** :  In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, children (individuals 12 or under) may not subscribe to our e-mail service, enter contests or sweepstakes, join any clubs or programs or make purchases online. We encourage parents to supervise children’s online activities and review parent control tools available from online services to ensure a child-friendly experience on the Internet. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from a child (individuals 12 or under), we will immediately purge that information. A parent or legal guardian of children (individuals 12 or under) can revoke the right to gather and/or use personally identifiable information of a child, and we will, upon such event, purge that information.  Such revocation will result in the termination of the affected child's participation in any programs. A parent or legal guardian may review your child's personally identifiable information at any time, and you may have your child's information deleted at any time. To exercise these rights, please e-mail us at [customer_service@national-amusements.com](mailto:customer_service@nationalamusements.com), National Amusements 846 University Avenue PO Box 9108 Norwood, MA 02062-9108 ATTENTION: Customer Service, phone 781-461-1600.

**LINKED SITES:** Our sites contain links to other sites. Visitors to other sites within our site should refer to the specific privacy policies posted on those sites.  NAI is not responsible for content of linked sites or their data collection practices. NAI updates information on the Site in a timely manner but assumes no liability or responsibility for errors or omissions in the content of the Site. NAI assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for damages or viruses that may infect your computer equipment or other property due to access, browsing, e-mails, or downloading materials from the Site. All content and information (including, but not limited to, showtimes, guides, promotional contests, press releases, reviews, photos, images, trademarks) displayed on this site is protected by copyright and other intellectual property laws. You may not modify, publish, transmit, transfer, sell, reproduce, repost or alter any such content. By using this site, users agree to the conditions described in this policy. NAI reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this policy at any time. Visitors are encouraged to review this policy from time to time.
