> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nationalterroralert.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140525142509id_/http%3A//www.nationalterroralert.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Homeland Security News

At National Terror Alert we work hard to protect the privacy of our web site visitors. Some of our site’s registration forms may require visitors to disclose information such as name, address, e-mail addresses, etc. This information is used solely by National Terror Alert to respond to your requests and to occasionally notify you about important changes to our site, new products and services, and information we think you’ll find valuable. We do not sell or transfer this information to third parties. You may may opt-out from receiving any promotional material from National Terror Alert at any time

To collect customer information, National Terror Alert may occasionally use “cookies,” which are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your individual hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies are automatically accepted by most Web browsers, however you can change your browser to prevent the storage of cookies. Our cookies do not contain any personal identifying information and are only used to facilitate your on-line experience. Similar to most web sites, we use cookies to track the traffic level and the time of day most visitors access our site. We do not associate cookie information with personal information.

National Terror Alert offers links to other sites. If you visit one of these linked sites, you should review that organization’s privacy policy and other policies. National Terror Alert is not responsible for the content or policies of other organizations. We do not pass any information on to the linked site, but we cannot protect information you provide directly to that site. National Terror Alert reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to fulfill your requests, or to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation or an investigation on a matter of public safety. We also reserve the right to modify the terms of our Privacy Policy. Therefore, it may be necessary for our visitors to check here periodically to review the information we collect and how we are using that information. By using our web site, you consent to our collection and use of this information.

If you have any comments or questions about our privacy policy, please contact National Terror Alert via our online contact form.
