> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the naturescapes.net privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100626104454id_/http%3A//www.naturescapes.net/docs/index.php/articles/87) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

We created this Privacy Statement to demonstrate our commitment to your online privacy. This Privacy Statement discloses our use and dissemination practices for information collected in the course of conducting business through the website www.NatureScapes.Net (the "Website") and constitutes an agreement between us regarding your use of and access to the Website. 

1\. Privacy in Personal Information. We acknowledge that you have a right of privacy in all Personal Information that refers or relates to you. As used in this Privacy Statement, "Personal Information" means all personally identifiable information referring or relating to an individual person, including but not limited to such individual's name, addresses, telephone numbers, social security number and credit card numbers and other financial account numbers and account information which is provided by you to the Website. 

2\. Confidentiality of Personal Information. We will respect the legal requirements regarding the privacy of Personal Information, and we are committed to complying with all applicable law. We maintain the security of Personal Information, and protect the integrity of Personal Information, with a commercially reasonable degree of care. Please remember that the security measures taken above are not foolproof; therefore, we can only state that we will make a reasonable effort to protect from unauthorized access all information that you provide. We hold all Personal Information in confidence in perpetuity and will not use or disclose Personal Information except: (i) as specifically permitted or required by applicable law, regulation, subpoena or court order; (ii) as expressly permitted by you in writing or in this Privacy Statement; (iii) solely as necessary to effect, administer or enforce a transaction requested or authorized by you or in connection with processing a request submitted or authorized by you; or (iv) otherwise solely for the purposes of operating and providing services associated with the Website. 

3\. Representations and Warranties. You represent and warrant to us that: (i) all Personal Information provided by you is true, accurate, complete and current as of the date you provide such Personal Information; (ii) You are the individual to whom all Personal Information provided by you to us refers or relates, or you are otherwise expressly authorized by such individual to disclose such Personal Information to Us; and (iii) You shall promptly correct or amend all false, incomplete or outdated Personal Information that refers or relates to you, or was provided to us by you, as it comes or is brought to your attention. You agree to and shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless us and our employees, directors, affiliates, subsidiaries and clients against all third party claims and all related costs and expenses, including legal fees, arising out of or related to any breach by you of these representations and warranties or this Privacy Statement.

4\. Use of Personal Information. We continually seek to improve the information, articles, photographs and content available on the Website. As part of this process, we collect Personal Information from our members. We use Personal Information that you provide to us to statistically analyze Website usage, to improve and to customize Website content and layout, and to indicate you as the author and copyright holder in submissions you provide to us. In addition, we may use your email address, mailing address or phone number to contact you regarding information that you actively requested from or provided to us. We may further be required to disclose Personal Information by court or administrative order such as a law, regulation, search warrant or subpoena. At times, we may remove identifiable features from collected Personal Information and use the resulting information for statistical, historic or other purposes, consistent with applicable law (the "Aggregate Data"). We may also provide third parties with Aggregate Data. For example, we might inform third parties of Aggregate Data regarding the number of unique page requests and the types of the activities users conducted while on our Website. Aggregate Data will contain nothing that can allow third parties to individually identify you.

5\. Cookies. We also collect information in the form of cookies. A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit the website. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that identifies your computer to the Website. Cookies can only identify you as a unique, but anonymous, user of the Website unless you choose to submit Personal Information about yourself through the Website. We use cookies as a mechanism for creating a user "session," identifying a unique user as he or she moves among pages of the Website. Combined with Website usage logging, we may track user Website use patterns, such as whether you click on various links throughout the Website. We use the cookie information to identify your computer in our database and to track the pages you visit on the Website. However, a cookie can't read data off your hard disk, and we cannot read cookie files created by other sites, nor can other sites read information from cookies created by us. Further, we do not store any Personal Information in a cookie, such as your name or social security number.

6\. Children's Privacy (Under the age of 13). We take children's privacy seriously and do not seek to collect Personal Information about children through the Website. If we become aware that a person submitting Personal Information to us through any part of the Website is a child, we promptly delete the information, do not use it for any purpose, nor do we disclose it to third parties. Since we do not seek to collect any Personal Information about children, and we delete any information collected inadvertently as soon as we discover that a child has submitted it, we typically retain no information about children that could be reviewed or deleted. If a parent requests review or deletion of information about their child before we have discovered and deleted the information, then we will honor that request. 

7\. Extent of Obligation. This Privacy Statement is intended only to obligate Us to protect Personal Information to the extent required by applicable law. Therefore, while We shall endeavor to contractually require others who acquire or provide Personal Information from or to Us, such as Our employees and contractors, to comply with the principles and objectives of this Privacy Statement, You agree that We shall not be held liable for: (i) any improper use or disclosure of Personal Information by any person or entity not under Our direction or control; or (ii) breach of any duty or obligation set forth in this Privacy Statement which is greater than that required by applicable law.

8\. Change of Policy. We may change this Privacy Statement at any time by posting revisions to the Website. However, we shall not apply any such changes retroactively to Personal Information previously collected. Your use of the Website constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Statement and your continued usage after such changes are posted constitutes acceptance of each revised Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Statement or any revised policy, you must exit the Website immediately. 

9\. Terms of Use. The General Website Terms of Use (the "Terms of Use ") are adopted and incorporated by reference into this Privacy Statement, and may be viewed by clicking on the following link: [NatureScapes.Net guidelines](http://www.naturescapes.net/guidelines.htm). This Privacy Statement and the Terms of Use are the legal documents governing your use of the Website. We may modify the Terms of Use from time to time as we may amend this Privacy Statement. Please thoroughly review the Terms of Use, in addition to this Privacy Statement, prior to making any use of the Website. 

10\. Assignment. We may assign or transfer this Agreement, Personal Information and our obligations hereunder at any time and without prior consent to any corporate successor in interest, acquiror or other entity that purchases or otherwise obtains substantially all of our business assets or stock, or to any parent corporation or entity, any subsidiary corporation or entity, or any of our divisions that are operated as a separate business. 

11\. Updating Your Personal Information and Contacting Us. We allow you reasonable electronic access to all collected Personal Information that refers or relates to you, to allow you to supplement such Personal Information, to correct all Personal Information that is false, incomplete or outdated, and otherwise for such purposes as permitted or required by applicable law. You can always contact us in order to: (i) update the Personal Information that refers or relates to you; or (ii) direct us to render inactive on our systems your user name, password and all Personal Information that refers or relates to you. We may be reached by emailing us at [editors@naturescapes.net](mailto:editors@naturescapes.net) or by returning to the Website and editing your registration profile. Questions or comments regarding this Privacy Statement should be directed to [editors@naturescapes.net](mailto:editors@naturescapes.net).
