> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the uwa.edu.au privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171119023149id_/http%3A//www.uwa.edu.au/terms) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy statement and notices : The University of Western Australia : The University of Western Australia

The University of Western Australia treats personal information collected from you through its websites and other digital channels with due respect to your privacy.

  1. Privacy statement
  2. Copyright notice
  3. Disclaimer



### Privacy statement

When you provide your personal information to the University, it will be used for the administrative or educational purposes of the University, in accordance with specific consent given by you, or as otherwise allowed under the _Privacy Act 1988_. The University will not make available to a third party any personal information supplied by you unless you have consented or the disclosure is otherwise permitted or required by law.

The University may distribute aggregated statistical information for statutory reporting purposes but only in a form that will not identify any person individually. 

For more information on the collection, use and disclosure of personal information by the University and how you may access or correct your personal information or make a privacy complaint, view the [University’s Privacy Policy](http://www.governance.uwa.edu.au/procedures/policies/policies-and-procedures?method=document&id=UP14%2F10).

#### Digital logs and analytics

As with most websites or other digital properties, when accessing the University's channels, log files are generated by the servers that show visitor details such as IP address, date, time and pages visited or documents downloaded. The University manages these logs according to its privacy and records management policies. Information in these logs may used to generate statistical reports about access to University sites.

#### Cookie use

The University uses digital cookies to deliver you a personalised experience on its websites. Cookies are text files saved on your computer’s hard drive and used to store small pieces of data.

Analytics services, including [Google Analytics](https://accounts.google.com/ServiceLogin?service=analytics&userexp=signup&hl=en), use cookies which transmit information on your use of the website to a cloud service that may not be within Australia. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. The University uses Google Analytics and other analytics services for the purpose of evaluating online activity and improving your personalised experience online. 

By using this website or other University digital channels, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, please note if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website or receive a personalised experience.

#### Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption

Certain University websites may use SSL encryption to provide a more secure method of transferring personal information such as passwords or contact details.

#### Opting out of communications

The University ensures when sending out direct marketing communication that you are able to opt out of future communications. There are links provided in such communication enabling you to unsubscribe or to email the sender to request your details be removed. On social media channels, each platform provides guidelines on how to opt out of future communications, in accordance with their relevant privacy statements.

#### Social media

The University website may also employ Facebook Insights. This provides aggregated, non-personally identifiable information to page owners and platform developers. For more information about privacy on Facebook, refer to the [Facebook privacy](https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation) page.

#### Re-targeting advertising

The University may use re-targeting advertising to deliver more appropriate content or advertisements to individuals or audiences who have previously visited one of its websites. Google, Facebook and other advertising companies may use digital cookies from your browser and serve you advertisements from the University. [Contact UWA Marketing](mailto:marketing@uwa.edu.au) if you have any concerns about the University’s advertisements through re-targeting.

#### Public forums

The University may employ chat rooms or message boards that form a component of a University website or online learning system. Some systems may enable other users to share your posted information and you should exercise caution when disclosing personal information.

Back to top

### Copyright notice

The University of Western Australia claims copyright ownership of all information stored on its websites, unless expressly stated otherwise.

Moral rights reside with the author, unless expressly stated otherwise. Contact the author in the first instance if you wish to copy, use or link to a particular page or article.

Copyright queries can be directed to the [University Library](http://www.library.uwa.edu.au/staff/copyright).

Back to top

### Disclaimer

The University strives to keep information stored on its website, social channels and other digital services up to date, but cannot guarantee the information provided is accurate, current or reliable. The information is provided 'as is' with no express or implied warranty. Any mistakes in the information [that are brought to our attention](mailto:digitalandcreative@uwa.edu.au) will be corrected as soon as possible.

Users should consult directly with the authorised officer listed at the bottom of each page to confirm the accuracy, completeness and currency of information found on the website, particularly before taking any step in reliance upon such information.

The University reserves the right to make changes to any material on its digital channels at any time including, but not limited to, details relating to courses, admissions, fees and services.

Web links from this site to external, non-University websites should not be construed as implying any commercial or other relationship with and/or endorsement of the external site or its content by The University of Western Australia, and you are advised to inform yourself as to the privacy statement of those external websites.

Back to top
