> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the e27.co privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180125124808id_/https%3A//e27.co/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# e27 - Connecting you to Asia's Startup Ecosystem

This privacy policy is a legal notice that details how e27 uses the personal information collected on this website and other e27 digital assets. The information below outlines what information is collected, how we use some of that information, who the information is disclosed to as well as what measures we take to protect your personal information.

Last updated: 3 August 2016

This Privacy Policy discloses the privacy practices for e27.co, 27x.co, echelon.e27.co, (collectively referred to as “e27”), mobile sites, applications and other properties, events or services owned or operated by Optimatic Pte. Ltd. If you have questions or concerns about any aspect of this policy, please feel free to contact our Privacy Policy Coordinator as follows:

Privacy Policy Coordinator (Web)  
**Optimatic Pte. Ltd**  
Blk 71 Ayer Rajah Crescent  
#02-15  
Singapore 139951 

**What the Privacy Policy covers**

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully. You can access the Privacy Policy anytime at www.e27.co/privacy. Your use and/or registration on any aspect of e27 will constitute your agreement to this Privacy Policy. This policy covers our treatment of information that we obtain when you visit e27. This privacy policy does not cover information collected elsewhere, including, without limitation, offline and on sites linked from e27. It does not apply to practices of companies that e27 does not own or control, or to individuals whom e27 does not employ or manage, including any of the third parties that e27 may disclose user information as set forth in this policy.

**1\. What Types of User Information Does e27 Collect?**

Registration for certain content, events or services may require e27 to collect the following types of information from you or concerning your computer or device (“Information”), that may include information that can be used to identify you as specified below (“Personally Identifiable Information”):

  * Name
  * Email Address
  * Mailing Address
  * Telephone Number(s)
  * Blog or Website URL
  * Social Networking Handle or Username
  * Photo
  * Demographic Information (e.g., age, gender, interests, and preferences)
  * Professional Title
  * Company
  * Industry
  * Activities or Content Viewed on e27
  * Information Collected Automatically
  * Information Received from Third Parties



We may request that you provide some of the Information listed above in order to obtain specific products or services (such as registering for an e27 event or to download a research report from e27). You may choose not to provide the information being requested, and you will still be able to use the e27’s content but you may not be able to access certain features or services.

When you register to receive any products or services from e27 or provide information to e27 for any other matter, you agree to provide only true, accurate, current and complete information.

1.1 Information Collected Automatically

e27 may also automatically receive and log certain types of information when you visit or interact with our websites, services, mobile applications or other products, including:

  * Browser Information
  * Operating System Information
  * Mobile Device Information (e.g., device identifier, mobile operating system, etc.)
  * IP Address
  * Internet Service Provider
  * Content Viewed
  * Geographic Location
  * Connection Speed
  * Time of Visit
  * Referring Site, Application, or Service
  * Registration Time



1.2 Information Received From Third Parties 1.2.1 Information Received From Third Parties

When registering for events or services provided by e27, we may receive information about from the service providers that host or process registration for such programmes. Other service providers that support these programmes (eg. technical support) may also collect certain portions of Personally Identifying Information listed above.

1.2.2 Third Party Websites/Social Networking Sites

e27 may receive information identified above if you use any third party website or service that is integrated with e27. These may include third-party social networking or blogging sites like LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter or WordPress. If you happen to use an e27 application provided by any Third-Party website, we may also receive Personally Identifying Information that includes but is not limited to:

  * Name
  * Nickname or Username
  * Photo or Graphic Avatar
  * Unique Third Party Website Identifier (e.g., Facebook User ID)
  * Biographical or Demographic Information (e.g. professional title, gender, college attended, etc.)
  * Likes and Interests
  * Contacts/Friends/Associations
  * Any Information That Is Publicly Available on Third Party Websites



Your decision to use, or share with, a Third Party Website when accessing or using e27 products and services is completely voluntary. e27 is not responsible for compliance with the policies or practices of any Third Party Website. You should ensure that you are comfortable with the information such Third Party Websites may make available to e27 by reviewing those Websites’ privacy policies and service terms, and by modifying your privacy settings and preferences on those Services.

Any information we receive from Third Party Websites will be governed by this Privacy Policy.

1.3. e27’s Use of Cookies

e27 may place “cookies” on your computer or device that may contain anonymous Information that is associated with you. Cookies are small text files a website uses to recognize users, and are usually placed on your hard disk by a web server. These contain information that can be read by a web server in the domain (here, e27) that issue the cookie to you, or by a third party domain. e27’s cookies may record information about your use of e27 so that we can give you a more personalized and continuous experience, including one or more of the following purposes: to help identify visitors; assess usage patterns; identify preferences; control the display of ads; diagnose problems with our servers; gather demographic data; analyze trends and usage patterns; conduct research; deliver editorial content; record registration and personalized information and administer e27 products and services.

If you prefer not to have e27 place and use cookies on your computer, you should set your browser preferences to refuse cookies before using e27 products and services. However, you may not be able to access interactive features of e27 that are dependant on cookies. We will not be responsible for any failure by you or your browser to accurately implement or communicate your browser settings or preferences.

e27 does not control nor is it responsible for the use of cookies by its third party partners or advertisers. The use of cookies by these third parties is discussed below (See “Third Party Advertisements” and “Analytics Services”).

1.4. Reviewing and Modifying Your Personally Identifying Information

There are several ways to update your Personally Identifying Information that is obtained and stored by e27:

  1. You may unsubscribe to any of e27’s email updates or products by following the unsubscribe instructions accessed via the unsubscribe link provided in the body of any message.
  2. You may update your information by following the update instructions accessed via the update information link provided in the body of any email message.
  3. You may contact us at contact [at] e27 [dot] sg



**2\. How e27 uses the information we gather**

2.1. Services you request. e27 uses personally identifying information you supply to provide you with the service you have requested. For example, if you subscribe to the e27 Mailing List, we may use your email address to send you a confirmation notice and your mailing address to send you the mailer.

We may also use the information to communicate with you about new features, products, or services and/or to improve the services we offer by tailoring them to your needs. Similarly, if you enter an online contest, sweepstakes, or giveaway, we will use the information you provide to notify you.

2.2. Analysis. We perform statistical, demographic, and marketing analysis of users of e27 for product development purposes and to generally inform partners about the nature of our users. We also use this information to improve customer relationships.

2.3. Third Party Service Providers. e27 will allow access to our database by third parties that provide services on our behalf, including shipping, email distribution, list processing, and analytics or promotions management. Our service providers are restricted from using any data in any way other than to provide services for e27 and they may not share or resell our data. Such information includes Personally Identifying Information such as your Name and Address Information.

2.4. Event Registration. e27 uses third parties, such as EventBrite, to process registration for e27 events and programs. e27 may provide your Information (including Personally Identifying Information) to such registration services when you register for an e27 event or program. In addition, e27 (or the third party registration service) may provide your Information (including Personally Identifying Information) to companies that sponsor or underwrite portions of an event that you register for, attend, or view.

2.5. Affiliates and Partners. Unless otherwise specified elsewhere on e27, we may share personally identifying information with our affiliates, and with carefully selected partners.

2.6. Third Party Sponsors. If you choose to register for one of our sponsored webinars or events, or to access research or content from e27, we may share your Information (including Personally Identifying Information) with business partner(s) and/or sponsor(s) of the webinar, event, research and/or content. You agree that these sponsor(s) and/or business partner(s) may use your Personally Identifying Information to contact you to provide additional information about their products or services.

2.7. Third Party Websites. e27 offers the ability to share e27 content on Third Party Websites, including social networking and blogging services such as Twitter or Facebook, through “plugins” or “widgets” (such as Twitter’s “Tweet” button or Facebook’s “Like” button). When you share content and information with others on Third Party Websites, e27 may transmit your Information (including Personally Identifying Information) to such Third Party Websites. This Information may be visible on the Third Party Website to anyone who has access to that content or Information. Your decision to share information in this manner is completely voluntary. You should ensure that you are comfortable with how Third Party Websites may share your Information by reviewing their privacy policies and/or modifying your privacy settings directly on those Third Party Websites.

2.8. Web Hosts. e27’s website services are hosted by WP Engine, an enterprise web publishing platform. All information obtained and stored by e27’s websites is processed and stored on servers owned by WP Engine.

2.9. Law Enforcement / Legal Process. We may disclose your Information (including Personally Identifying Information) when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to comply with any law, regulation or legal request; enforce, apply, or investigate breaches of our terms of use and other agreements; respond to public requests; or protect the rights, property, user experience or safety of e27, our employees, our users, or others. This can include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

2.10. Compliance to Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA). e27 complies to the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (No. 26 of 2012), which takes precedence during the collection, transfer and disclosure of any personal data or databases agreed within the contract. The purpose of this Act is to govern the collection, use and disclosure of personal data by organisations in a manner that recognises both the right of individuals to protect their personal data and the need of organisations to collect, use or disclose personal data for purposes that a reasonable person would consider appropriate in the circumstances. Refer to the provided link below for a complete elaboration on the Act.

Personal Data Protection Act: <https://www.pdpc.gov.sg/legislation-and-guidelines/legislation>

By submitting your details on our platform, you acknowledge, understand and comply to the above mentioned Act.

**3\. Comments and Public Posts; Sharing on Third-Party Websites**

e27 encourages active participation by users, including through comments on e27. However, please be aware that if you voluntarily disclose Information, personal or otherwise, on e27, that Information can be viewed, collected and used by others, including other users, search engines, advertisers, third party applications developers, and anyone with access to e27. e27 has no control over the use, collection or disclosure of any Information that you post publicly on e27.

**4\. Change of Control**

If e27, or substantially all of its assets, is acquired by another company or party, user Information will be one of the assets transferred or acquired by the purchaser. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any purchaser of e27 or its assets may continue to collect, use and disclose your Information as set forth in this Policy.
