> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the agilecrm.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170204012638id_/https%3A//www.agilecrm.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Agile CRM

### Our Customer Information

Agile CRM Inc. ("Agile CRM" or "AgileCRM" or AgileCRM.com) is keen on data security as we are well aware that our users (you) care about how the personal information is used. Hosted on high performing Google & Amazon clouds, we assure you that all our customer information is held confidential. We never sell our customer list or our customer information. All the customer information collected such as name, email address, phone number, website, social media handles, mailing address, billing information or any other information related to third party integrations is collected for the sole purpose of providing best services to our customers and to update them of the improvements to our product and services.

We will send product updates, special offers or promotional notices via mail, email or voice broadcast, from time to time, to our customers and prospects who have expressed interest and requested such information. The customer/ prospect can always opt out from receiving such offers/ notifications by following the opt out link on the specific communication or by contacting Agile CRM directly.

### Our Customer Lead Information

Our customer lead information is tantamount to our customer information for us. All data with relation to leads generated by our customers or any other information collected automatically by our customers is held in strict confidence. We never reach out to them nor do we share customer lead information to any third party.

### Our Integration Partner Information

Agile CRM has ever increasing integrations with third party softwares and services. We promise high data security on all the information shared by our integration partners. We collect information for integration purposes, commission checks and for tax compliance.
