> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lullabot.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-13. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170213064711id_/https%3A//www.lullabot.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Lullabot

#### Privacy Policy

Effective December 20, 2010 Lullabot, Inc. (“Lullabot” or “we”) has created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for Lullabot.com and Drupalize.Me.

##### Collection of Data/Contact Information/Financial Information  
IP Address and Cookies

We use your internet protocol address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our websites. We also use your internet protocol (IP) address to help identify you and, if you subscribe to Drupalize.Me, your subscription. We may place “cookies” on your computer’s hard drive through your web browsers to keep track of your identity for the purposes of saving your logged-in state so that you do not have to log in each time you visit our website. “Cookies” allow our website to recognize your computer when you access our websites. If you would like to prevent the placement of cookies on your computer, or remove cookies from your computer, please access the “Help” portion of your browser or contact your browser provider. Please be advised that if you block or remove cookies from your computer, our websites will not recognize your computer and you may not have access to all portions of the websites.

##### Contact Information/Financial Information

Lullabot's registration and order forms require users to provide us with contact information to establish subscription accounts. Lullabot may collect each user’s name, address, city, state, postal code, telephone number and e-mail address. Lullabot uses this information to contact the user regarding subscriptions and administrative matters. New users must opt in to receive commercial communications and may opt out of receiving future commercial communications at any time (see “Anti-Spam Policy/Opt-out Choice” below). Lullabot also stores some financial information entered by users, such as purchase order numbers and related identification information. Lullabot does not store credit card numbers on our sites or servers. The financial information is only used to bill the user for products and services. Lullabot does not rent, sell or exchange user information, and generally restricts access to user information to qualified Lullabot employees and agents. Lullabot may transmit a customer’s credit card data only to the appropriate credit card company and/or credit card payment processing company. Third parties who need access to Lullabot user information to provide operational or other support services are required by Lullabot to maintain high standards of security. Lullabot gathers only user information that is needed to administer its business and enhance and improve its services and products. Lullabot may disclose a user’s contact or financial information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to comply with an order of a court or government authority, or a subpoena. Lullabot may also disclose a user’s contact or financial information in the good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary to protect Lullabot or its websites, or enforce the applicable Terms and Conditions, in conjunction with an investigation or legal, equitable or administrative action or proceeding. Lullabot may collect information on the services and products viewed by you on its websites. Lullabot may use this information to customize your experience and suggest and offer you products according to your preferences. Lullabot may use this information to identify patterns and trends of use, but will only release or publish any such information in a manner that preserves your anonymity. Lullabot may transfer part or all of your information in the case of a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or other sale of all or a portion of Lullabot’s assets or stock.

##### Links to Other Websites

Lullabot’s websites may contain links to third-party websites. Lullabot is not responsible for the privacy practices, security practices or the content of any third-party website.

##### Site Intended for Use by Adults

Lullabot’s websites are intended for use by adults. Lullabot does not knowingly collect or publish any information personally identifying any child under age 13. Children under age 13 should not access Lullabot’s websites and should not post any information personally identifying themselves anywhere on the websites.

##### Security

The security of Lullabot’s websites and your information is of great importance to Lullabot. Lullabot has reasonable security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of your information under Lullabot’s control, but we make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss, misuse or alteration, and we shall have no liability to you or any third party from any loss, misuse or alteration. We do not warrant that your access to Lullabot’s websites is completely secure. You should promptly notify Lullabot if your account, user name or password have been lost or stolen. Lullabot will never ask you for your password. If you need a new user name and/or password, Lullabot will generate a new user name and password automatically through its computers and send it to your e-mail.

##### Anti-Spam Policy/Opt-out Choice

We are committed to providing users of Lullabot’s websites with the choice to receive or not receive e-mails and/or other communications from Lullabot. We strive to comply with the CAN-SPAM Act. We only send commercial e-mails to new users who have requested or consented to receive e-mails about our services and products. We do not send unsolicited commercial e-mails (“spam”), buy or sell e-mail lists, or use purchased or harvested e-mail lists. We offer commercial e-mail recipients the opportunity to opt-out of further communications in every e-mail. If you would like to opt-out of receiving further communications, please log onto your account by clicking the “Login” link on the website. Once logged on, click on your username link, then the Newsletter Subscriptions tab and you will be able to edit your subscription information. You may also contact us using one of the following addresses: Email: info@lullabot.com Postal mail: Lullabot Consulting P. O. Box 12187 Des Moines IA 50312 Please note that we may not include the opt-out information in non-commercial e-mails (i.e., e-mails concerning your subscription, the website’s Terms and Conditions of Use, etc.). If you have questions or concerns regarding a non-commercial e-mail, please contact us using the information under “Contacting Lullabot” below.

##### Modification of Contact Information and/or Financial Information

If you would like to modify your contact and/or financial information on our database, please log onto your account by clicking the “Login” link on the website. Once logged on, click on your username link and you will be able to edit your contact and financial information. If you have any questions or concerns, or would like to remove or modify your information offline, please contact Lullabot using one of the following modes: E-mail: info@lullabot.com   Postal mail: Lullabot Consulting P. O. Box 12187 Des Moines IA 50312   Telephone: +1-877-585-5226, ext. 0  

##### Changes to the Privacy Policy

Lullabot may change this Privacy Policy from time to time in its sole and absolute discretion. Please check regularly for changes. Substantive revisions to this Privacy Policy shall apply only prospectively. Contacting Lullabot If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of Lullabot or your dealings with this website, please contact our customer service department using one of the following modes: E-mail: info@lullabot.com   Postal mail: Lullabot Consulting P. O. Box 12187 Des Moines IA 50312   Telephone: +1-877-585-5226, ext. 0
