> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the endomondo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140628140030id_/http%3A//www.endomondo.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Endomondo | Community based on free GPS tracking of sports

Effective _February 26, 2014_.

This Privacy Policy applies to visitors to and Users of all the services (" _Services_ ") rendered by Endomondo, its subsidiaries and affiliates via Endomondo.com (" _Site_ ") or the necessary software applications (" _Software_ ") used in connection with the Services to Users (" _User_ " or " _you_ ") of the Services. The Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to the [Terms](https://web.archive.org/terms). As such, it may be revised from time to time. At any time, the then-current version of the Terms can be found on the Site at [www.endomondo.com/terms](https://web.archive.org/terms).

Endomondo is among other regulation subject to the Danish Act on Processing of Personal Data. The Act adopts the European Union Directive 95/46/EC on the Protection of Individuals with regard to the processing and free movement of personal data. In this Privacy Policy personal data is referred to as personal information. All personal information are managed and controlled by Endomondo ApS, Kanonbaadsvej 12B, 1437 Copenhagen K, Denmark.

BY USING THE SITE AND SERVICES, YOU AGREE TO THE PRIVACY POLICY AND ALL REVISIONS THEREOF. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE – DO NOT USE THE SITE OR SERVICES.

### WE RESPECT YOUR PRIVACY

We respect your privacy and integrity and strive to take the best care when we collect, store, use and protect your personal information according to the Terms and this Privacy Policy.

### COLLECTING PERSONAL INFORMATION

In order for us to provide you the Services we ask for your personal information when you sign up. Such personal information may include your name, email address, postal code, date of birth, gender, sports interests, height, weight, profile picture, etc. (" _personal information_ " or " _User Data_ "). If you choose to sign up via an external sign up feature made available by Endomondo, some of the listed personal information will be transferred to Endomondo from your designated sign up account. If you subscribe to additional Services subject to charges, Endomondo will also require credit card or PayPal information from you.

When you use the Services additional personal information may automatically or voluntarily be collected from you. Such personal information may include information on your athletic or recreational activities such as location information (GPS-data) and other exercise and performance information, e.g. time, speed, time spent on your activity, cadence, heart rate etc. Some information is dependent on your devices and may require additional hardware. Further personal information related to you may be collected from [User Generated Content](https://web.archive.org/terms#section5) either generated by you or by other Users.

We encourage you to at all times keep your personal information updated.

If you provide us with personal information on a third party, for instance if you invite your friends to join you on the Endomondo community, we will only use such third-party data for the specific purpose (delivering the invitation). We will not contact the third party further unless the third party contacts us.

### SHARING PERSONAL INFORMATION AND USER GENERATED CONTENT

_You consent to sharing to the Endomondo Community_

You agree and acknowledge, that we may disclose to and make publicly available on the Site or via the Services your User Generated Content, including the personal information related thereto. However, personal information such as your weight, e-mail, password to the Site, phone number and any payment information will per default not be disclosed or made publicly available by Endomondo. Any posting and/or auto-posting of your activities and other User Generated Content to connected partners (e.g. Facebook, Twitter etc.) requires your active consent.

_Changing your account settings_

By default, your privacy settings are set as specified in the illustration below if you signed up after February 26, 2014. If you signed up before February 26, 2014, the default settings are the same with the exception of heart rate data, which is then set to Public. Please note that the default settings for all users include public real-time tracking of workouts. By using the Services without changing these default settings, you explicitly consent to this sharing and use of the Services is, as always, at your own risk.

_Default Privacy Settings for users signing up after February 26, 2014:_

_User_  
Birthday: Public  
Weight: Only Me  
Height: Public  
Heart Rate: Only Me  


_Social_  
Comments: Public  
Peptalk: Friends  
Playlist: Public  
Status Message: Public  
Tagged Friends: Public  
Pictures: Public  


_Profile_  
Profile visibility: Public  


_Workout_  
Duration and Speed: Public  
Notes: Public  
Training Plan: Public  
Fitness Level: Public  
Personal Bests: Public  
Statistics: Public  


Who can see your future workouts. You can always change the privacy setting of a specific workout by clicking the Privacy button on the Workout page.

Future workouts are visible to: Public  
I prefer a special setting for "Cycling, transportation" and "Walking". These workouts should be visible to: Public  
I prefer to control who can see the map for my workouts. This should be visible to: Public

You can choose to apply the chosen settings to all historic workouts as well.

You can change you disclosure settings by changing the account privacy settings on the Site and partly via the Software. Further, you can modify or delete your personal information or close your account via your account settings. However, you understand and agree that some of your User Generated Content, which is displayed outside your profile, in activity feeds, in other parts of the Services, or on other platforms (e.g., Facebook, Twitter etc.), may continue to appear on the Services or on other platforms even after your User Generated Content is removed or your account is terminated. Further the removed User Generated Content may persist in backup copies for up to three months (but will not be available to others). Account deletion shall not limit Endomondo's right to store information if required by law, for administrative purposes, court order or similar.

_Transfer of personal information is subject to your consent_

We will only with your consent disclose and share your identifiable personal information with business partners, third parties or other individuals outside of the Endomondo community.

However, we may need to transfer your personal information to our service providers in order to perform the Services to you and conduct our business; for example the handling of credit card processing, shipping, data management, email distribution, market research, information analysis, and promotions management etc. The transfer will be secure and the data recipient shall accrue no proprietary rights to your personal information outside the purpose of the transfer.

Further, disclosure of your information may occur when it is required to comply with law, court order or similar.

_Transfer of de-identifiable personal information_

We may share aggregated or in other ways de-identifiable personal information publicly and with our business partners, e.g. advertisers, universities, media or connected sites. By using the Service without being a Premium subscriber, you explicitly consent to the sharing of de-identifiable personal information like age, gender, sports and precise location data with our advertising partners, including but not necessarily limited to Google.

_Business transfer_

Your personal information may be transferred if Endomondo is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale in whole or in part. However, besides from the actual transfer of ownership, we will continue to ensure the confidentiality of any personal information. In case of the aforementioned transactions occurs we will provide notice to the affected users.

_Newsletter_

We encourage you to be on our e-mailing list in order to receive electronic information, news and updates on our services.

We will only send you emails about product and feature updates, company news, featured challenges, other Endomondo news and/or offers from selected business partners, if you have accepted to receive such.

To later unsubscribe and stop receiving such communication, please change your settings (go to Settings and then Account) or follow the instructions in the email. Should you wish to unsubscribe, you can either unsubscribe specific types of email newsletters or unsubscribe all email newsletters.

Please note that irrespective of your settings, Endomondo is entitled to send notifications to you pertaining the performance of the Services, e.g. revisions of Terms or other formal communication.

_Email and mobile notifications_

Email and mobile notifications contain information about activity related to your personal profile on Endomondo, e.g., when someone wants to be friends with you on Endomondo.

You can unsubscribe some or all email or mobile notifications any time at Endomondo.com. Log in to your account and go to Settings and Notifications to change your notification settings.

### ENDOMONDO EMPLOYEE FITNESS

Endomondo Employee Fitness is Endomondo's solution for companies that want to use the Services to get their employees to lead more active lives. By accepting to join an Employee Fitness page, challenge, campaign and/or paid Premium subscription, you explicitly consent that the company will be able to see some of your personal information, as well as a summary of your workout activities by day, even if your privacy setting is set to Private.

### CHILDREN

Subject to Endomondo's Age Restrictions for use of the Services in the [Terms](https://web.archive.org/terms) we encourage parents and legal guardians to participate in and advise their children on their use of online activities. We encourage children to get their parents and/or guardian's permission before disclosing any information to an online media.

### LINKS TO THIRD PARTIES

Endomondo, Users in User Generated Content, third party service providers and advertisers may provide links to other Internet sites and / or other resources. Since we have no control over such sites and resources, we are not responsible nor liable for the availability, content, advertising, products, services or other materials on or available from such sites or resources. Please note that these third-party websites may have their own privacy policy.

### AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED DATA

When you visit the Site, we automatically collect data about your visit. This includes your IP address, webpages you view and the order hereof, duration of your visit, website or search engine you came from, keyword(s) you entered in the search engine on the Site, your operating system as well as your browser type and version, your screen resolution and the number of colors used by your device, if your device supports JavaScript and Flash.

This information can be combined with information you have provided to us (for instance by registering), and will enable us to analyse and customise our services to you.

### COOKIES

Endomondo's Cookies Policy ([www.endomondo.com/cookies](https://web.archive.org/cookies)) is by reference an incorporated part of these Terms and this Privacy Policy.

### DATA PROTECTION AND DATACONTROLLER

In order to protect your personal data and all other information we have stored, we and our data center service providers have implemented various security measures whereby your personal data is stored in a secure environment and treated confidentially and personal data is only accessible by a limited number of employees at Endomondo, who all have special access rights and are required to keep the information confidential.

### CONTACT US

Should you have questions and comments on the Terms, Privacy Policy or other topics please send them to: support@endomondo.com

_Right of access to data_

All personal information and User Generated Content are stored and processed by Endomondo on servers located within the European Union. The personal information processed on you is accessible on your account via the Site or the Software. You may contact us at support@endomondo.com to get information on what personal information are processed in relation to you and if relevant have them erased or rectified.

### PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES

We are entitled to revise the Privacy Policy at any time. We will inform you hereof by mail, on the Site, via the Services and or by other means deemed appropriate and adequate by Endomondo.

top
