> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the endurance.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-05-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180505195316id_/https%3A//www.endurance.com/our-policies/privacy-statement) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement | Endurance International Group

This Privacy Statement describes how Endurance may collect, use, and disclose information we collect through our corporate website, www.endurance.com (the “Site”).  We use this information primarily to provide a customized experience as you visit our Site and to correspond with you regarding Endurance.

  1.  **Endurance Brands.** Through our Site, you may access the network of websites we operate through our brands (the “Brand Sites”) through which we provide a wide range of services.  This Privacy Statement applies solely to this Site, and does not apply to any other website, product, or service, such as the Brand Sites.  Please refer to the privacy policy available on our Brand Sites for what information is collected and how such information may be used or disclosed through such websites.  For example, as a customer of one of our brands, we may offer certain products and services in conjunction with a partner, and certain information our brand collects from you may be shared with that partner in order to provide the product or service.  The privacy policy on the Brand Sites will address these issues among others.
  2.  **Information We Collect.** We only collect personal information from you through the Site when you voluntarily provide such information to us.  Personal information may include your name and email address provided in a message sent through the “Contact Us” feature of the Site or information in your resume submitted to us through the Site.  We may also automatically collect non-personal information from you, such as the pages viewed, time spent on the Site, navigation through the Site, referring websites, and information collected through the use of cookies (described below).
  3.  **Use of Information We Collect.** We only use personal information collected through the Site as described in this Privacy Statement or as otherwise disclosed to you at the time of collection.
    1.  **Responses to Email Inquiries.** When visitors send email inquiries to Endurance, the return email address (and other personal information provided in the inquiry) is used to answer the email inquiry we receive.
    2.  **Product and Service Information.** We may use your personal information from time to time to contact you about our products and services, or the products and services of third parties that we believe might be of interest to you, provided that we will not provide your personal information directly to such third parties.
    3.  **Employment Inquires.** If you submit information to us in connection with an employment inquiry, then we may use and disclose your information to third parties to the extent we deem reasonably necessary to process and consider your employment application.
  4.  **Sale of Business and the Endurance Family.** We may transfer your personal information as an asset in connection with a merger or sale (including transfers made as part of insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings) involving all or part of Endurance as part of a corporate reorganization or stock sale or other change in corporate control.  Endurance may share personal information with other entities that are owned by Endurance or that own Endurance or that have some sort of corporate ownership relationship with Endurance, provided that, such other entities will use your personal information consistent with this Privacy Statement.
  5.  **Legally Required Disclosures.** Endurance, or our service providers, may disclose personal information about visitors or customers, or information regarding your use of our Site in our sole discretion to comply with applicable laws, regulations, or governmental or legal requests or demands for such information.
  6.  **“Cookies” and How We Use Them.** A “cookie” is a small data file that can be placed on your device when you visit certain websites.  Endurance may use cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the products and services we provide and to manage our telecommunications networks. More specifically, we use (i) “required cookies” that are required for the Site to work, (ii) “performance cookies” that allow us to analyze how visitors use our Site so we can measure and improve the performance of our Site, and (iii) “functional cookies” that allow us to remember choices you may have made on our Site.  These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your personal information. You may set your web browser to notify you when you receive a cookie. However, if you decide not to accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of all of the features of our Site.
  7.  **Statistics.** We may use information gathered from our Site statistics (for example, User IP addresses) to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our Site. We also gather broad demographic information from this data to help us improve our Site and make your browsing and purchasing experience more enjoyable.
  8.  **Endurance’s Commitment to Data Security.** We have implemented measures designed to protect personal information in our custody and control. We maintain reasonable administrative, technical, and physical safeguards in an effort to protect against unauthorized access, use, modification, and disclosure of personal information in our custody and control. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations of the Internet that are beyond our control; (b) the security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed; and (c) any such information and data may be viewed or tampered with in transit by a third party, despite our best efforts.
  9.  **Where to Direct Questions About Endurance’s Privacy Statement.** If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement or the practices described herein, you may contact: Endurance Legal, 10 Corporate Drive, Suite 300, Burlington, MA 01803 or [legal@enduranceinternational.com](mailto:legal@enduranceinternational.com).
  10.  **Terms of Use.** This Privacy Statement is incorporated into and subject to our [Terms of Use.](https://web.archive.org/our-policies/terms-of-use/)
  11.  **Personal Information of Children.** This Site is not directed toward children and we do seek to collect any personal information from children.  If we become aware that personal information from a child under 13 has been collected without such child’s parent or guardian’s consent, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
  12.  **United States.** The servers that maintain this Site are located in the United States of America.  By using the Site, you freely and specifically give us your consent to export your information to the U.S. and to store and use it in the U.S. as specified in this Privacy Statement.  You understand that data stored in the U.S. may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the U.S.
  13.  **Opt-out.** If you would like us to cease using the personal information we have collected from you for the purposes described in this Privacy Statement, then you should contact us at legal@enduranceinternational.com. However, we may be unable to prevent any third party from further using your information if they have previously been provided with your information consistent with this Privacy Statement.
  14.  **Revisions to This Privacy Statement.** Endurance reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this Privacy Statement, and our other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner.  However, if we intend to materially change how we plan to use previously collected personal information, we will provide you with advance notice and an opportunity to opt out of such differing uses.



This file was last modified on July 18, 2013.
