> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the peergrade.io privacy policy that was archived on 2019-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20191229111905id_/https%3A//www.peergrade.io/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Peergrade - engaging student peer review

_Last updated: 29th of May 2018_

Peergrade is a platform that facilitates feedback and a possibility for extended learning for students. Educators use Peergrade to allow students to give feedback to each other (“reviews”) and in doing so highlighting strengths and weaknesses in their work – ones like persistence, critical thinking, teamwork, and leadership. This is done through the Peergrade Website. In order to go through the feedback process students can upload their work (“submissions”) and see and review the work of other students in the same class, see reviews given to their work by other students in the class or a teacher of the class. Lastly, they can see a scoring of their work and reviews calculated by the Peergrade Website based on the reviews given (“submission score” and “feedback score”).

Students can have their own account that allows them to submit work, review the work of others, and see reviews given to their work. In order to have a student account created, students will need to either (1) have the student account created at school by their teacher; (2) receive a unique code from their teacher to create their own account with a password and a username or email address; or (3) log in via a Single-Sign On integration between the Educational Institution and Peergrade, for example LTI or WAYF. For cases (1) and (2) we require that the teacher represents to Peergrade that they have obtained any necessary parental consent. For (3), a Single Sign-On integration will only be provided if the Education Institution represents to Peergrade that they have obtained any necessary parental consent.

Educational Institution Staff (“Institutional Admins”) also play a meaningful role on Peergrade. They can can get an overview of classes, students, and teachers connected to their institution. Educational Institution Staff have access to all classes connected to the institution, and can also create classes, add or remove teachers from an institution, and view submissions and reviews in classes connected to the institution.

More information on how the Service operates is located [here](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance) and your participation and use of the Service is governed by our Terms of Service (“Terms”).

Protecting children’s privacy is especially important to us – we’re educators and parents ourselves, after all. This is why we’ve received iKeepSafe’s COPPA Safe Harbor seal, signifying that this Privacy Policy and our practices with respect to the operation of the Service have been reviewed and approved for compliance with iKeepSafe’s COPPA Safe Harbor program. For information on how consumers can ask questions or file complaints related to COPPA, please email [COPPAPrivacy@iKeepSafe.org](mailto:COPPAPrivacy@iKeepSafe.org). COPPA protects the online privacy of children under the age of 13 (“child” or “children”); for more information about COPPA and generally protecting children’s online privacy, please visit [OnGuard Online](http://www.onguardonline.gov/articles/0031-protecting-your-childs-privacy-online).

## What information does Peergrade collect from children, and how is it used?

Peergrade collects the minimal amount of information from students necessary to use our Service. Currently student accounts are created in the following ways: (1) by the student’s teacher; or (2) by the student if the teacher elects to provide the student with a Class Code; or (3) by the Educational Institution when logging in via a [Single Sign-On integration](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms#single-sign-on-integrations). When logging into a student account created by a teacher or using Single Sign-On, students do not need to provide any information other choosing a password. If a student has created their own account, they will use the username and password they created.

If a student’s Educational Institution or teacher elects to utilize student accounts on a shared device (or any other devices) in the Educational Institution (e.g. a school), the Educational Institution will be responsible for obtaining any necessary parental consent under COPPA to create the student account on behalf of the student and let students access their accounts.

Alternatively, a teacher may choose to allow students to set up their own account using the unique code provided by the teacher. When students set up their own Peergrade account, we ask students to provide their name, a username or email address, a password and the unique code they have been given by their teacher to connect with the class. They will use the username or email address and password to access their account instead of the Class Code. Consistent with the requirements of COPPA, before inviting the students via the Class Code the teacher has represented to Peergrade that they have obtained any necessary parental consent. We don’t require students to enter any other [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms#personal-information) when setting up an account – they can use a non-identifiable username.

## Submissions, Reviews, Reactions, and Conversations

Once a student account is created (whether created by the student’s teacher or Educational Institutional or the student themself), students will be upload or write submissions, write reviews and reactions, and participate in conversations with student’s in their class, all of which may be collected by Peergrade. A student account can only be created after the teacher has represented to Peergrade that they have obtained any necessary parental consent.

An uploaded submission can be photo or video or any other type of file, depending on the settings of Assignment to which the submission is uploaded. The User Submission can be viewed by the student themself, other students in the class, the student’s teachers and Educational Institution Staff. If the Educational Institution or teacher elects to utilize student accounts in the classroom, the Educational Institution will be responsible for obtaining any necessary parental consent under COPPA.

## Further information and content

In addition to the information listed above, we automatically collect some information from any use of our Service as set forth in the “Information collected automatically” section.

We use this information to provide the Service to the child, for security and safety purposes, as required by law, or to enforce our Terms. We will not require children to provide more [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms#personal-information) than is reasonably necessary in order to participate in the Service. If we discover that we have collected information from a child in a manner inconsistent with COPPA, we will take appropriate steps to either delete the information, or immediately seek the parent’s consent for that collection. We do not disclose any personal information about children to third-parties, except to [service providers](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/third-party-service-providers) necessary to provide the Service, as required by law, or to protect the security of the Service or other users. Additionally, personal information collected from students is never used for [behaviorally-targeted advertising](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms#behaviorally-targeted-advertising) to students by us or any third-party, and children’s personal information is never sold or rented to anyone, including marketers and advertisers.

We also receive from the child or the child’s teacher whatever name he or she has provided.

Peergrade may send email notifications to students, if they, their teacher, or educational institution provided the email address of the student – for example, letting them know that a submission deadline is coming up, or telling them that a fellow group member submitted their work. The student can disable further email notifications via their account settings. If you are a student or educator and no longer want these communications to be sent, please either turn off the email notifications in your account settings, or contact us through <https://peergrade.gdprform.io/>.

No student’s account, or User Submission is made available or visible to the public through Peergrade. Only the student, the student’s teachers or Educational Institution Staff at the student’s institution can see the student’s account and [User Submissions](https://www.peergrade.io/terms-and-conditions/). No child can upload content (such as a photo or video) to the Service except through their student account. A student account cannot be created for children without the child’s teacher or Educational Institution representing to Peergrade that they have obtained any necessary parental consent. No photos or videos added by a child to their student account is viewable by the general public. A student’s account info (name, email, and username) and Content added by a student in a class, will be viewable by other students in the class under various conditions. For example, if the teacher has allowed group submissions students will be able see each other’s name, email address, and username. Furthermore during the process of a normal Assignment in Peergrade students will have access to the submissions of other students in the class they have to review, and they will have access to reviews from other students in the class that were given to their submission.

Teachers may share their classes, including User Submissions in those, with other teachers. If the teacher is part of an Educational Institution, the Educational Institution Staff will also have access to the teacher’s classes and User Submissions in those classes. Classes and User Submissions are not visible to the general public. Please note that if the teacher chooses to display Peergrade in their classroom, students physically present in that classroom may see other students’ names, assignment progress, and scores – this is similar to how paper-based sticker charts displayed in a classroom might work. If some of this information should be private, teachers can choose not to display Peergrade this way, for example by not the presenting Peergrade on a screen in the class.

We keep a child’s [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms#personal-information) until his or her student account is deleted, except if we are required by law to retain it, need it to ensure the security of our community or our Service, or to enforce our Terms.

If you are the parent or legal guardian of a child who has created a Peergrade account and you have not received notice or been asked for consent by the child’s school (as per COPPA), you should contact the teacher and school that set up the account for your child.

At any time, parents can refuse to permit us to collect further personal information from their children, and can request that we delete the personal information we have collected from their child by contacting the teacher that created the account for the child. Please keep in mind that deleting records may require us to terminate the account in question.

We collect two types of information about you: (1) information that you voluntarily provide us by using the Peergrade Service (described below under “Information you provide to us”) and (2) information collected automatically as result of your use of the Service (described below under “Information collected automatically”). The types and amounts of information collected will vary depending on whether the user is a student, teacher, or Educational Institution Staff (e.g. we collect less information from students) and how they use Peergrade (e.g. if teachers join their Educational Institution on Peergrade, we may need to collect school address information).

There are currently three categories of users on our Service: students, teachers, and Educational Institution Staff. We describe the information collected from students under 13 in the section above; for other users, we collect and store the following types of information from each type of user:

## Account Information

To create a Peergrade account as a teacher or Educational Institution Staff, you may be asked to provide some basic information such as your first and last name, the name of your Education Institution, email address, and password. Student accounts are created in the following ways: (1) by the student’s teacher; or (2) by the student if the teacher elects to provide the student with a Class Code; or (3) by the Educational Institution when logging in via a Single Sign-On integration. Before the student account is created the student’s teacher or Educational Institution will have represented to Peergrade that they have obtained any necessary parental consent. If the student’s teacher is creating the student account, they will have provided certain information, like the student’s name, about the student to Peergrade when setting up their class that is then used to create the student account. If a student sets up the account, they will be asked to enter the unique code they have been given by their teacher (students are unable to sign up for the Service without this), their name, a unique username or email address and password. In this case the student’s teacher or Educational Institution will have represented to Peergrade that they have obtained any necessary parental consent, as per COPPA. Student profiles are not made available or visible to the general public through the functionality of our Service. Teacher profiles profiles may be made available to the public if the teacher has given their consent.

## School Information, Collaboration Features and Content

If you are a teacher or Educational Institution Staff, as part of the account information you provide, you may choose to associate your account with an existing school or may enter a new school name and possibly your school’s address if we do not have it already. By connecting you with your Educational Institution, the Service may enable and provide additional collaboration features for teachers and Educational Institution Staff within the same Educational Institution such sharing rubrics or classes.

## Class Information

As a teacher you’ll need to enter the class name and possibly the names of the students in your class. It is the teacher’s choice what they enter here: for example, teachers could enter John S or John Smith. Alternatively, teachers can also upload a spreadsheet to the Service with the student’s first and last names. If a teacher is part of an Educational Institution, the classes they set up in Peergrade will be shared with teachers and Educational Institution Staff at the Educational Institution.

## Inviting Others

As a teacher or Educational Institution Staff, you can invite other teachers (such as colleagues) to join the Service, for example by providing their email address within Peergrade. We will collect and store the emails you provide with these requests, and will also treat this as [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms#personal-information) in accordance with this Privacy Policy. We may also ask you for access to contacts stored in your Google account to prevent you having to enter the contact information for those invitations you send through our application and may store these contacts. If these individuals would like to request deletion of their information, they may contact us directly through <https://peergrade.gdprform.io/>.

## Reviews and reactions

As a teacher you can review student submissions and leave reactions to student reviews. These reviews and reaction cannot be viewed by the general public through our Service. A teacher’s reviews and reactions can only be viewed in Peergrade by the receiving student or students (in case of a group submission), teachers in the class, Educational Institution Staff at the teacher’s institution.

## Contact Information

When you choose to provide us with your [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms#personal-information) through the Service in some other manner (e.g., when you send us an email asking a question, submit a support request, participate in a video testimonial about our Service, or choose to participate in any research efforts with Peergrade to improve the Service).

Our use of the information above is described below in the “How Does Peergrade Use the Information it Collects” section.

Like most web-based services, we (or our [service providers](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/third-party-service-providers)) may automatically receive and log information on our server logs from your browser or your device when you use the Service. For example, this could include the frequency and duration of your visits to Peergrade (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show). If you use Peergrade on different devices, we may link the information we collect from those different devices to help us provide a consistent Service across your different devices. If we do combine any automatically-collected information with personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information, and it will be protected as per this Privacy Policy.

The technologies and information we automatically collect include:

  *     * Cookies and other similar technologies: We (or our service providers) may use cookies or similar technologies to identify your browser or device. We (or our service providers) may also use these technologies (never in student logged in areas of our Service) in connection with advertising of our services that may appear on other sites or in connection with advertising their products outside of our Service (e.g. if you view an embedded YouTube video player on our Service, YouTube may place cookies or similar technologies on your browser when you play the video off our site). We don’t allow these third-parties to advertise directly on our service (i.e. such as when an advertiser would bid to place an advertisement directly on a platform such as Facebook), but we may serve contextually relevant advertising for third-party products and services ourselves that we believe may be of interest to you.
    * Local storage: We may also use, collect and store information locally on your device using mechanisms such as browser web storage (including HTML 5) and application data caches. Like many services, Peergrade uses these technologies to analyze trends, gather demographic information, understand your engagement with the Peergrade Website, administer the Service, tailor the Service for you, and to help the Service work better for you – for example, by remembering your language preferences.
    * Device information: We collect device-specific information such as your device type, device brand, operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, battery and signal strength, and device identifiers. This helps us measure how the Service is performing, improve Peergrade for you on your particular device.
    * Server log information: Like most online services, when you use our Service, we automatically collect and store certain information in our server logs. This information helps us make decisions about what we should work on next – for example, by showing which features are most (or least!) popular. Examples include things like: 
      *         * Details of how you used our service, such as your activity on the Service, and the frequency and duration of your visits to the Peergrade Website (similar to TV ratings that indicate how many people watched a particular show)

<li”>IP Address




<li”>Device event information such as crashes, system activity, hardware settings, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request and referral URL

We may also obtain information, including personal information, from third-party sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically (such as information gathered from a student information system or learning management system). Local law may require you authorize the third-party to share your information with us before we can acquire it. This may include aggregated anonymous information or certain personal information that may be provided to us. If we receive personal information from third-parties, we will handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If we directly combine information we receive from other third-parties with [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) that we collect through the Service, we will treat the combined information as [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) and handle it in accordance with this Privacy Policy. Additionally, we may use any aggregated anonymous information received by third-parties as set forth below under the heading “Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information”.

First and foremost, you should know that Peergrade does not sell or rent any of your, or your child’s, [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) to any third-party for any purpose – including for advertising or marketing purposes. Peergrade does not share [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) with third-parties except in the limited circumstances set forth in the section “Will Peergrade share any information it collects?” [Third-party advertising](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms#third-party-advertising) is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to Peergrade and [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) collected from students is never used for [behaviorally-targeted advertising](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms#behaviorally-targeted-advertising) to students (by us or third-parties). We use the information we collect from you to provide you with the best Peergrade experience. More specifically, this information is used to:

  * Provide and improve the Service, for example by developing new products and features, based on information you have provided directly (through support chat) or that we have collected in aggregate
  * Respond to your emails, submissions, questions, requests for information or customer support
  * Customize the Service for you, and improve your experience with it
  * Send you information about features on our Service or changes to our policies and Service
  * Provide teachers information about events, announcements, offers and promotions (related to the Peergrade service), products, including third-party products, and services we think will be of interest to you
  * Most crucially, to protect our community by making sure the Service remains safe and secure



We use automatically collected information (described in the “Information collected automatically” section above) to provide and support our Service, and for the additional uses described in this section of our Privacy Policy.

First and foremost, you should know that Peergrade does not sell or rent your (or your child’s) [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) to any third-party for any purpose – including for advertising or marketing purposes. [Third-party advertising](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms#third-party-advertising) is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to Peergrade and [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) collected from students is never used for [behaviorally-targeted advertising](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms#behaviorally-targeted-advertising) to students (by us or third-parties). Furthermore, we do not share [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) with any third-parties except in the limited circumstances described in this Privacy Policy and as set forth below:

## Other Users You Share and Communicate with on Peergrade

No student profiles are made available to the general public through our Service. Furthermore, students cannot share their account information with anyone on Peergrade, outside of their teachers, or school leaders. If you are a teacher or school leader, you may choose to share information or content through the Service with other Peergrade teachers, school leaders, or students – for example, things like your account information, feedback to students you teach (if you are a teacher or school leader) or other information you share with teachers or school leaders you are communicating with through Peergrade.

Please keep in mind that information (including [personal Information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) or children’s [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms)) or content that you voluntarily disclose to others – including to other Peergrade users you interact with through the Service (such as messages you might send other users or other teachers and school leaders you collaborate with) – can be viewed, copied, stored, and used by the people you share it with. We cannot control the actions of people with whom you choose to share information and we are not responsible for the collection, use or disclosure of such information or content by others.

## Third-party integrations on our Service

When, as a teacher or school leader, you use third-party apps, websites or other services that use, or are integrated with, our Service, they may receive information about what you post or share. For example, when you invite others via Facebook or Twitter, these services receive the information that you share through this functionality, and information that you are sharing from Peergrade. Information collected by these apps, websites or integrated services is subject to their own terms and policies.

## Service Providers

[Third-party advertising](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms#third-party-advertising) is not permitted on areas where users are required to log in to Peergrade and [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) collected is never used for [behaviorally-targeted advertising](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms#behaviorally-targeted-advertising) to students (by us or third-parties). We do work with vendors, service providers, and other partners to help us provide the Service by performing tasks on our behalf – we can’t build everything ourselves, after all! We may need to share or provide information (including [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms)) to them to help them perform these business functions, for example sending emails on our behalf, database management services, database hosting, providing customer support software, and security. Additionally, we may also share information with social networking and other websites, applications or partners, for marketing and advertising our products or services on those websites or applications (this will never include [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) of students). Please see [here](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/third-party-service-providers) for a list of the third-parties we work with to provide the Service. Generally, these service providers do not have the right to use your [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. Additionally, these service providers must adhere to confidentiality and security obligations in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.

## Testimonials

We post testimonials on our Service which may contain [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) such as the name, photo and/or a video of the individual in the testimonial. We obtain the individual’s consent in advance to ensure we have permission to post this content publicly. To request removal of your [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) from our testimonials, please contact us through <https://peergrade.gdprform.io/>.

## Analytics Services

We use analytics services to help us understand and improve how the Service is being used. These services may collect, store and use information in order to help us understand things like how often you use the Service, the events that occur within the application, usage, performance data, and from where the application was downloaded. A current list of analytics providers that we use is located [here](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/third-party-service-providers).

## Aggregated Information and Non-Identifying Information

We may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly, including with users, partners or the press in order to, for example, demonstrate how Peergrade is used, spot industry trends, or to provide marketing materials for Peergrade. Any aggregated information shared this way will not contain any [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms).

## Legal Requirements

We may disclose [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) if we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to comply with the law, such as complying with a subpoena or other legal process. We may need to disclose [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) where, in good faith, we think it is necessary to protect the rights, property, or safety of Peergrade, our employees, our community, or others, or to prevent violations of our Terms of Service or other agreements. This includes, without limitation, exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection or responding to government requests.

## Sharing with Peergrade Companies

Over time, Peergrade may grow and reorganize. We may share your [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) with affiliates such as a parent company, subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us, in which case we will require those companies to agree to use your [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) in a way that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.

## Change of control

In the event that all or a portion of Peergrade or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third-party, [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) that we have collected from users would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by that third-party. This Privacy Policy will continue to apply to your information, and any acquirer would only be able to handle your [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) as per this policy (unless you give consent to a new policy). We will provide you with notice of an acquisition within thirty (30) days following the completion of such a transaction, by posting on our homepage, or by email to your email address that you provided to us. If you do not consent to the use of your [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) by such a successor company, you may request its deletion from the company.

In the unlikely event that Peergrade goes out of business, or files for bankruptcy, we will protect your [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms), and will not sell it to any third-party. For more information on our practices regarding your data if we go out of business, please see [our FAQ](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/faq/what-notice-will-you-receive-if-we-go-out-of-business).

## With your consent

Other than the cases above, we won’t disclose your [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) for any purpose unless you consent to it.

Your Peergrade account is protected by a password. You can help us protect against unauthorized access to your account by keeping your password secret at all times.

The security of your [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) is important to us. We work hard to protect our community, and we maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect against unauthorized use, disclosure of or access to [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms). In particular:

  * Our engineering team is dedicated to keeping your [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) secure
  * We periodically review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems
  * We continually develop and implement features to keep your [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) safe – for example, when you enter any information anywhere on the Service, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL/TLS) by default
  * We ensure passwords are stored and transferred securely using encryption and salted hashing
  * The Peergrade Service is hosted on servers at a third-party facility, with whom we have a contract providing for enhanced security measures. For example, [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) is stored on a server equipped with industry standard firewalls. In addition, the hosting facility provides a 24×7 security system, video surveillance, intrusion detection systems and locked cage areas.



For additional information on our security practices, please visit our [Privacy Center](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance).

Although we make concerted good faith efforts to maintain the security of [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms), and we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our systems, no practices are 100% immune, and we can’t guarantee the security of information. Outages, attacks, human error, system failure, unauthorized use or other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time. If we learn of a security breach, we will attempt to notify you electronically (subject to any applicable laws) so that you can take appropriate protective steps; for example, we may post a notice on our homepage (www.peergrade.io) or elsewhere on the Service, and may send email to you at the email address you have provided to us. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.

You can always decline to share [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) with us, or even block all [cookies](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms#cookies-and-similar-technologies). However, it’s important to remember that many of Peergrade’s features may not be accessible, or may not function properly – for example, we may not be able to remember your language preferences for you.

Peergrade aims to provide you with easy access to any [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) we have collected about you. If that information is incorrect, we give you easy ways to update it, or to delete it, unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business (e.g., we need at least an email address for your account) or legal purposes.

Accessing Your Information: Upon request, Peergrade will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms), and, if you are a user of Peergrade, you may request access to all your [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) we have on file by contacting us through <https://peergrade.gdprform.io/>. In some cases, we won’t be able to guarantee complete access due to legal restrictions – for example, you will not be allowed to access files that contain information about other users or information that is confidential to us.

Managing Your Information: You may update, correct, or delete some of your profile information or your preferences at any time by logging into your account on Peergrade and accessing your account settings page. You may have to verify your identity before you can do that. You may also, at any time, update, correct, or delete certain [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) that you have provided to us by contacting us through <https://peergrade.gdprform.io/>. We will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.

Accessing Your Child’s Information: Take a look at our “Parental Choices” section to see how you can obtain copies of your child’s [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms).

We may reject requests for access, change or deletion that are unreasonably repetitive, require disproportionate technical effort (for example, developing a new system or fundamentally changing an existing practice), risk the privacy of others, or would be extremely impractical (for instance, requests concerning information residing on backup systems).

Where we can provide information access and correction, we will do so for free, except where it would require a disproportionate effort. We aim to maintain our services in a manner that protects information from accidental or malicious destruction. Because of this, even after you update or delete [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) you have provided us from our Service, your [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) may be retained in our backup files and archives for a reasonable period of time for legal purposes or for so long as is necessary in light of the purposes for which such records were collected or legitimately further processed.

We hope you love using Peergrade now and always. However, if for some reason you ever want to delete your account (or your student’s account, if you are his or her teacher), you can do that at any time by contacting us through <https://peergrade.gdprform.io/>.

When you delete your account, we delete your profile information and any other content you provide in your profile (such as your name, username, password, email address) and depending on the category of user you are (i.e., teacher, school leader or student), submissions, received feedback and information collected through the mobile permissions you’ve granted. For more details, please read “[What happens when I delete my account?](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/faq/what-happens-when-i-delete-my-account)” in our FAQs.

We store your [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) for as long as it is necessary to provide products and Services to you and others, including those described above. [Personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) associated with your account will be kept until your account is deleted, unless we no longer need the data to provide products and services, in which case we will delete prior to you deleting your account.

Please note that we may have to retain some information after your account is closed, to comply with legal obligations, to protect the safety and security of our community or our Service, or to prevent abuse of our Terms. You can, of course, delete your account at any time, as per the “[What happens when I delete my account?](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/faq/what-happens-when-i-delete-my-account)” section of our Help Center. Additionally, please note, that even if your account is deleted, messages sent between teachers and students are retained to assist schools with various recordkeeping or compliance obligations. This includes, for example, any content uploaded which we consider messaging between students and teachers. For more details, please read “[What happens when I delete my account?](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/faq/what-happens-when-i-delete-my-account)” in our Help Center.

If you registered on Peergrade, provided an email or phone number to us, or otherwise opted-in to receive communications from us, we may send you messages and updates regarding your account, including privacy and security notices, updates regarding the Service, and information regarding products, features or services from Peergrade (or third-parties we believe you may be interested in). These communications may include, but are not limited to, social media updates, SMS/MMS messages, push notifications, email, and postal mail. If you have an account with us, we’ll also use your email address to contact you for customer service purposes, or for any legal matters that arise in the course of business. We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us if your device supports it. We use this confirmation to help us understand which emails are most interesting and helpful.

If you invite another person to join you on Peergrade by providing their email address, we may contact them regarding the Service using the appropriate form of communication. If they would prefer not to receive our communications, they may opt-out using the “Unsubscribe” or “STOP” instructions contained in those communications.

You can always unsubscribe from receiving any of our emails whenever you’d like by clicking the “Unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the email

You can further indicate your preferences by contacting us using the information in the “How can I contact Peergrade with questions?” section below. Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Website, and you are responsible for reviewing those legal notices for changes.

The Service may now or in the future include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, and the Twitter Tweet button, or the ability to register on Peergrade or otherwise grant access to a third-party social networking service, such as through Facebook Connect or Google (collectively “Social Media Features”). These social features are only available to teachers and administrators (not students). These Social Media Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. You may be given the option by such Social Media Features to post information about your activities on our Service to a profile page of yours that is provided by a third-party social media network in order to share with others within your network. Additionally, if you decide to register on Peergrade through a Social Media Feature, Peergrade may also collect [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) that is already associated with your account connected to the Social Media Feature. If you choose to provide such information, during registration or otherwise, you are giving Peergrade the permission to use, share, and store it in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. Social Media Features are either hosted by a third-party or hosted directly on our Service. Your interactions with these Social Media Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing each Social Media Feature. If you are not comfortable accessing such social media websites and using such Social Media Features, please don’t use them!

The Service may contain links to websites and services provided by third-parties (e.g. video players). Any [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) you provide on third-party websites or services is provided directly to that third-party and is subject to that third-party’s policies governing privacy and security. This Privacy Policy does not apply to these websites or services. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation that we are affiliated with that third-party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) from you, including if you view a video through an embedded video player which is played off our Service, but may appear to still be playing on our Service. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third-party websites or services. We encourage you to learn about third-parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms).

We may occasionally update this Privacy Policy – you can see when the last update was by looking at the “Last Updated” date at the top of this page. We won’t reduce your rights under this Privacy Policy without your explicit consent. If we make any significant changes, we’ll provide prominent notice by posting a notice on the Service and/or notifying you by email (using the email address you provided), so you can review and make sure you know about them.

In addition, if we ever make significant changes to the types of [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) we collect from children, or how we use it, we will notify teachers in order to obtain parental consent or notice for those new practices.

We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy from time to time, to stay informed about our collection, use, and disclosure of [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) through the Service. If you don’t agree with any changes to the Privacy Policy, you may terminate your account (although we’ll be sad to see you go!). By continuing to use the Service after the revised Privacy Policy has become effective, you acknowledge that you accept and agree to the current version of the Privacy Policy.

Peergrade complies with the EU – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss – U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. Peergrade certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit <https://www.privacyshield.gov/>.

Peergrade is responsible for the processing of [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) it receives, under the Privacy Shield Frameworks, and subsequently transfers to third-parties acting as an agent on its behalf. Peergrade complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) from the EU and Switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.

With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Frameworks, Peergrade is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Peergrade may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.

Peergrade ApS (DK36999551) (a subsidiary fully owned by Peergrade) is also covered by the Privacy Shield frameworks.

In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Peergrade commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Peergrade at: info@peergrade.io. Peergrade has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to JAMS, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact PrivacyShield@jamsadr.com or visit <https://www.jamsadr.com/> for more information or to file a complaint. The services of JAMS are provided at no cost to you.

Under certain conditions, more fully described on the [Privacy Shield website](https://www.privacyshield.gov/), you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.

We endeavor to provide privacy protection that is consistent with Canada’s private sector privacy laws, including the [Personal Information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) Protection and Electronic Documents Act (“PIPEDA”). For any questions regarding how we comply with PIPEDA, please contact us at [info@peergrade.io](mailto:info@peergrade.io).

Do Not Track: Currently, various browsers offer a “do not track” or “DNT” option that relies on a technology known as a DNT header, which sends a signal to Web sites visited by the user about the user’s browser DNT preference setting. Peergrade does not track its users over time and across third-party websites to provide [behaviorally-targeted advertising](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms#behaviorally-targeted-advertising) and therefore does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals. For more information on “do not track”, please visit [www.allaboutdnt.org](http://www.allaboutdnt.org/).

Third-parties that have content embedded on the Peergrade Website, such as a social feature, or an embedded video player, may set cookies on a user’s browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited a the Peergrade Website from a certain IP address. Third-parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from Peergrade’s websites unless you provide it to them directly.

If you are under the age of 18, or the parent of a child using Peergrade under the age of 18 residing in California, you are entitled to request removal of content or information you (the minor) have publicly posted on our Service. Currently, we do not allow minors to post content to share publicly, but we do still allow minors (or the minor’s parents if under 13) the option to delete [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) associated with their user accounts or content that they upload through their student account (which is not shared publicly (only the student’s parents, teachers, or school leaders can view). If you are a minor, or the parent of a minor under 13, and would like to delete [personal information](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms) associated with your account or content you uploaded through your account, please follow the directions set forth in the “[What happens if I delete my account?](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/faq/what-happens-when-i-delete-my-account)” section of our Help Center. Although we offer deletion capabilities on our Service, you should be aware that the removal of content may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of that content or information posted through the Service, as there may be de-identified or recoverable elements of your content or information on our servers in some form. Additionally, we will not remove content or information that we may be required to retain under applicable laws.

If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or how we protect our community, please contact us at [info@peergrade.io](mailto:info@peergrade.io) – we’d love to help. If you’d like, you may also write to us at:

Peergrade Inc.  
548 Market St #58941  
San Francisco, California 94104-5401  
United States of America  
+45 60 67 70 42  
Attention: Chief Privacy Officer

### Further Privacy and Security Resources

For teachers, school leaders, parents, students, or administrators seeking more information on how we provide safety on Peergrade, we provide privacy and security related materials on our Privacy Center.

For Key Terms that are used in this Privacy Policy and our [Terms of Service](https://www.peergrade.io/terms-and-conditions/), please visit this [Key Terms FAQ](http://help.peergrade.io/security-privacy-and-compliance/privacy-policy-and-terms-of-service-key-terms).
