> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the uopeople.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141123054051id_/http%3A//uopeople.edu/167625) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

WEBSITE PRIVACY STATEMENT

University of the People is committed to protecting your privacy in accordance with this Privacy Statement, which applies to the University of the People Web Site and governs collection of personally identifiable information through the University of the People Web Site and does not apply to information University of the People collects in any other manner. Please read this Privacy Statement carefully. By using the University of the People Web Site, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.

Collection of your Personal Information

University of the People automatically collects information about your computer hardware and software. In addition, if you wish to apply for admission to University of the People, the University of the People Web Site offers you the opportunity to submit personally identifiable information, such as your name, gender, mailing address, telephone number, date and country of birth, government-issued identification number and e-mail address. If you submit personally identifiable information through any Communications Service (described in the Terms of Use), this information may be collected and used by others. Certain pages of the University of the People Web Site may contain links to other web sites that invite you to submit personally identifiable information. University of the People encourages you to review the privacy statements of web sites you choose to link to from University of the People so that you can understand how those web sites collect, use and share your information. University of the People is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on web sites other than the University of the People and University of the People Web site or for the use of personally identifiable information that you may submit to any of those web sites.

Use of your Personal Information

University of the People uses information about your computer hardware and software to operate the University of the People Web site. Personally identifiable information collected in connection with applications for admission is collected by the third-party service provider that hosts the University of the People Web Site and is released to application reviewers who may include University of the People employees and third parties. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personally identifiable information except to provide these services to University of the People, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. University of the People does not sell, rent or lease your personally identifiable information to third parties. In addition to the practices described above, the University of the People Web Site will disclose your personally identifiable information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on University of the People; (b) protect or defend the rights, system, network or property of University of the People; (c) protect the personal safety of users of the University of the People Web Site, or the public; or (d) prevent a crime or protect national security.

Children

The University of the People Web Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age, and University of the People does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.

Use of Cookies

The University of the People Web Site may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize University of the People Web Site pages, or apply for admission to University of the People, a cookie helps University of the People to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as your name, mailing address and so on. When you return to the University of the People Web Site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can more easily use the University of the People features. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the University of the People Web Site.

Security of your Personal Information

University of the People maintains reasonable measures to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. University of the People stores the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled environment that has implemented protections against unauthorized access, use or disclosure. University of the People has implemented procedures to safeguard the integrity of its information technology assets, including, but not limited to, authentication, monitoring, auditing, and encryption. These security procedures have been integrated into the design, implementation, and day-to-day operations of the University of the People Web Site as part of University of the People’s continuing commitment to the security of electronic content as well as the electronic transmission of information. For website security purposes and to maintain the availability of the University of the People Web Site for all users, University of the People employs software to monitor traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information or otherwise damage the University of the People Web Site. When personally identifiable information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol. University of the People, however, cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will never be able to defeat the measures described in this section or use your personally identifiable information for improper purposes. Nothing in this Privacy Statement or the Terms of Use shall be deemed a guarantee, contract, or warranty of any kind, whether express or implied, regarding the security of your personally identifiable information.

Changes to this Statement

University of the People will occasionally update this Privacy Statement. University of the People encourages you to periodically review this Privacy Statement to be informed of the policies of University of the People with respect to your personally identifiable information. Modifications will be denoted by the “last updated” notice at the top of this page. Your submission of personally identifiable information to the University of the People Web Site following the posting of any changes to this Privacy Statement constitutes acceptance of those changes.

Contact Information

University of the People welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Statement. If you believe that University of the People has not adhered to, or if you have any questions regarding, this Privacy Statement, please contact University of the People at support@uopeople.org.
