> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ct-50.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160316173326id_/http%3A//ct-50.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy — CT-50

Warrior Media, Inc. and all its related web sites (garagewarrior.com, ct-50.com, 27habits.com, bodyweightflow.com, 0-6packabs.com, etc.) Privacy Policy PLEASE NOTE: OUR PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES FROM TIME TO TIME AND CHANGES ARE EFFECTIVE UPON POSTING. PLEASE CHECK BACK FREQUENTLY FOR UPDATES AS IT IS YOUR SOLE RESPONSIBILITY TO BE AWARE OF CHANGES. Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites DO NOT PROVIDE NOTICES OF CHANGES IN ANY MANNER OTHER THAN BY POSTING THE CHANGES AT THIS WEB SITE.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY PLEASE DO NOT PROVIDE ANY INFORMATION TO Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites OR USE ANY OF THE SERVICES OR PRODUCTS OFFERED OR PROVIDED ON ANY OF THE WEB SITES REFERRED TO IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.

The information collection, use, and dissemination practices of Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites contained in this policy applies to Warrior Media, Inc's. collection, use, storage and disclosure of information by Warrior Media, Inc. on its (a) websites, including all its divisions, subsidiaries and related companies (collectively, the "Websites"), (b) on various third party websites, and (c) to Warrior Media, Inc's other information collection, including the purchase of customer lists from third parties. Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites is not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices of third web sites or applications.

## 1\. Collection of Information.

### 1.1 Survey Information.

Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites collects information from individuals by various methods, including, but not limited to, when an individual voluntarily completes a Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites survey, order form, or a registration pages either online or offline, or by means of online or offline surveys, order forms, or registration pages operated by third parties (collectively, a "Survey"). (As used herein, "online" means using the Internet, including the Websites, and related technologies, and "offline" means by methods other than online, including in person, in the postal mail, using telephones and cell phones, and other similar means.) In the Surveys, Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites or a third party (a "Third Party") may ask an individual to provide various information to Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites, which may include his or her name, email address, street address, zip code, telephone numbers (including cell phone numbers and carriers), birth date, gender, salary range, education and marital status, occupation, social security number, employment information, health history, personal and online interests, and such other information as may be requested from time to time (together, "Survey Information"). Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites may also collect information concerning an individual from another source and uses that information in combination with information provided from this web site. Completing the Surveys is completely voluntary, and individuals are under no obligation to provide Survey Information to Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites or Third Party, but an individual may receive incentives from Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites or a Third Party in exchange for providing Survey Information to Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites.

### 1.2 Other Information.

Other occasions when Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites obtain information from individuals include (1) when an individual is making a claim for a prize or seeking to redeem an incentive offered by Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites or by a third party, (2) when an individual requests assistance through Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites customer service department, and (3) when an individual voluntarily subscribes to a Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites service or newsletter (together, "Other Information").

### 1.3 Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Info Collected Using Technology.

Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites currently uses cookie and web beacon technology to associate certain Internet-related information about an individual with information about the individual in our database. Additionally, Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites may use other new and evolving sources of information in the future (together, "Technology Information").

### (a) Cookies.

A cookie is a small amount of data stored on the hard drive of the individual's computer that allows Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites to identify the individual with his or her corresponding data that resides in Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites database. You may read more about cookies at http://cookiecentral.com. Individuals who use the Websites need to accept cookies in order to use all of the features and functionality of the Websites.

### (b) Web Beacons.

A web beacon is programming code that can be used to display an image on a web page (by using an programming function -- see http://truste.org for more information), but can also be used to transfer an individual's unique user identification (often in the form of a cookie) to a database and associate the individual with previously acquired information about an individual in a database. This allows Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites to track certain web sites an individual visits online. Web beacons are used to determine products or services an individual may be interested in, and to track online behavioral habits for marketing purposes. For example, Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites might place, with the consent of a third party website, a web beacon on the third party's website where clothing products are sold. When Amy, an individual listed in Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites database, visits the clothing website, Warrior Media, Inc. receives notice by means of the web beacon that Amy visited the Clothing site, and Warrior Media, Inc. would then update Amy's profile with the information that Amy is interested in clothing. Warrior Media, Inc. may thereafter present offers of clothing related products and services to Amy. In addition to using web beacons on web pages, Warrior Media, Inc. also uses web beacons in email messages sent to individuals listed in Warrior Media, Inc. database.

### (c) New Technology.

The use of technology on the Internet, including cookies and web beacons, is rapidly evolving, as is Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites use of new and evolving technology. As a result, Warrior Media, Inc. strongly encourages individuals to revisit this policy for any updates regarding its use of technology.

### 1.4 Outside Information.

Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites may receive information about individuals from third parties or from other sources of information outside of Warrior Media, Inc. including information located in public databases ("Outside Information").

### 1.5 Individual Information.

As used herein, Individual Information means Survey Information, Third Party List Information, Other Information, Technology Information, and Outside Information, and any other information Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites gathers or receives about individuals.

### 1.6 No Information Collected from Children.

Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites will never knowingly collect any personal information about children under the age of 13. If Warrior Media, Inc. obtains actual knowledge that it has collected personal information about a child under the age of 13, that information will be immediately deleted from our database. Because it does not collect such information, Warrior Media, Inc. has no such information to use or to disclose to third parties. Warrior Media, Inc. has designed this policy in order to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA").

### 1.7 Credit Card Information.

Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites may in certain cases collect credit card numbers and related information, such as the expiration date of the card ("Credit Card Information") when an individual places an order from Warrior Media, Inc. When the Credit Card Information is submitted to Warrior Media, Inc., such information is encrypted and is protected with SSL encryption software. Warrior Media, Inc. will use the Credit Card Information for purposes of processing and completing the purchase transaction, and the Credit Card Information will be disclosed to third parties only as necessary to complete the purchase transaction.

## 2\. Use of Individual Information.

### 2.1 Discretion to Use Information.

THE COMPANY MAY USE INDIVIDUAL INFORMATION FOR ANY LEGALLY PERMISSIBLE PURPOSE IN COMPANY'S SOLE DISCRETION. The following paragraphs in Section 2 describe how Warrior Media, Inc. and it's associated websites currently uses Individual Information, but Warrior Media, Inc. may change or broaden its use at any time. As noted below, Warrior Media, Inc. may update this policy from time to time. Warrior Media, Inc. may use Individual Information to provide promotional offers to individuals by means of email advertising, telephone marketing, direct mail marketing, online banner advertising, and package stuffers, among other possible uses.

### 2.2 Email.

Warrior Media, Inc. uses Individual Information to provide promotional offers by email to individuals. Warrior Media, Inc. may maintain separate email lists for different purposes. If email recipients wish to end their email subscription from a particular list, they need to follow the instructions at the end of each email message to unsubscribe from the particular list.

### 2.2(a) Content of Email Messages.

In certain commercial email messages sent by Warrior Media, Inc., an advertiser's name will appear in the "From:" line but hitting the "Reply" button will cause a reply email to be sent to Warrior Media, Inc. The "Subject:" line of Warrior Media, Inc. email messages will usually contain a line provided from the advertiser to Warrior Media, Inc.

### 2.2(b) Solicited Email.

Warrior Media, Inc. only sends email to individuals who have agreed on the Websites to receive email from Warrior Media, Inc. or to individuals who have agreed on third party websites to receive email from third parties such as Warrior Media, Inc. Warrior Media, Inc. does not send unsolicited email messages. As a result, statutes requiring certain formatting for unsolicited email are not applicable to Warrior Media, Inc's email messages.

### 2.3 Targeted Advertising.

Warrior Media, Inc. uses Individual Information to target advertising to an individual. When an individual is using the Internet, Warrior Media, Inc. uses Technology Information (see also Section 2.5 below) to associate an individual with that person's Individual Information, and Warrior Media, Inc. attempts to show advertising for products and services in which the person has expressed an interest in the Surveys, indicated an interest by means of Technology Information, and otherwise. Warrior Media, Inc. may, at its discretion, target advertising by using email, direct mail, telephones, cell phones, and other means of communication to provide promotional offers.

### 2.4 Direct Mail and Telemarketing.

Warrior Media, Inc. uses Individual Information to advertise, directly or indirectly, to individuals using direct mail marketing or telemarketing using telephones and cell phones.

### 2.5 Use of Technology Information.

Warrior Media, Inc. uses Technology Information (1) to match a person's Survey Information and Third Party List Information to other categories of Individual Information to make and improve profiles of individuals, (2) to track a person's online browsing habits on the Internet, (3) to determine which areas of Warrior Media, Inc's web sites are most frequently visited. This information helps Warrior Media, Inc. to better understand the online habits of individuals so that Warrior Media, Inc. can target advertising and promotions to them.

### 2.6 Profiles of Individuals.

Warrior Media, Inc. uses Individual Information to make a profile of an individual. A profile can be created by combining Survey Information and Third Party List Information with other sources of Individual Information such as information obtained from public databases.

### 2.7 Storage of Individual Information.

Warrior Media, Inc. stores the Individual Information in a database on Warrior Media, Inc's computers. Our computers have security measures (such as a firewall) in place to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under Warrior Media, Inc's control. Not withstanding such measures, Warrior Media, Inc. cannot guarantee that its security measures will prevent Warrior Media, Inc. computers from being illegally accessed, and the Individual Information on them stolen or altered.

## 3\. Dissemination of Individual Information.

### 3.1 Sale or Transfer to Third Parties.

Warrior Media, Inc. MAY SELL OR TRANSFER INDIVIDUAL INFORMATION TO THIRD PARTIES FOR ANY PURPOSE IN Warrior Media, Inc's SOLE DISCRETION. If you do not wish us to use personal information about you to promote or sell our products and services or to sell, transfer or otherwise provide personal information about you to third parties, please inform us by sending us an email and we will certainly honor your request.

### 3.2 Order Fulfillment.

Warrior Media, Inc. will transfer Individual Information to third parties when necessary to provide a product or service that a person orders from such third party while using Warrior Media, Inc's web sites or when responding to offers provided by Warrior Media, Inc..

### 3.3 Legal Process.

Warrior Media, Inc. may disclose Individual Information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, and other legal processes.

### 3.4 Summary Data.

Warrior Media, Inc. may sell or transfer non-individualized information, such as summary or aggregated anonymous information about all persons or sub-groups of persons.

### 3.5 Access.

Individuals have access to their Individual Information collected to provide an opportunity for an individual to correct, amend, or delete such information. Access can be obtained by contacting customer service at the email on the order page. Warrior Media, Inc. may also grant advertising clients and email services providers access to an individual's email address to verify the origin of the Individual Information collected.

## 4\. Privacy Practices of Third Parties.

### 4.1 Advertiser cookies and web beacons.

Advertising agencies, advertising networks, and other companies (together, "Advertisers") who place advertisements on the Websites and on the Internet generally may use their own cookies, web beacons, and other technology to collect information about individuals. Warrior Media, Inc. does not control Advertisers' use of such technology and Warrior Media, Inc. has no responsibility for the use of such technology to gather information about individuals.

### 4.2 Links.

The Websites and email messages sometimes contain hypertext links to the web sites of third parties. Warrior Media, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other web sites. Linked web sites may contain links to web sites maintained by third parties. Such links are provided for your convenience and reference only. Warrior Media, Inc. does not operate or control in any respect any information, software, products or services available on such third party web sites. The inclusion of a link to a web site does not imply any endorsement of the services or the site, its contents, or its sponsoring organization.

### 4.3 Affiliated Companies.

Warrior Media, Inc. may disclose, transfer, and sell Individual Information to entities affiliated with Warrior Media, Inc. in Warrior Media, Inc's discretion.

## 5\. Unsubscribe Procedures.

If you wish to discontinue receiving email messages from Warrior Media, Inc. please just click on the unsubscribe link on the bottom of the email message.

We reserve the right to add Individual Information to multiple lists maintained by Warrior Media, Inc.

For more information about protecting your privacy, you may wish to visit: www.ftc.gov If you have questions about this policy, please feel free to contact us at the number on the order page.

All Rights Reserved. * These statements have not been reviewed by the Food and Drug Administration. This site or products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
