> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nla.gov.au privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160512021409id_/http%3A//www.nla.gov.au/about-this-site/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | National Library of Australia

The purpose of this statement is to let users of this website know what information is collected about them when they visit this site, how this information is used and if it is disclosed.

This statement has been prepared in accordance with the Federal Privacy Commissioner's Guidelines for Federal and ACT Government World Wide Websites.

Find out more in our [Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/policy-and-planning/privacy-policy "Privacy Policy").

## Recording your visit

When you look at this website, we make a record of your visit and log the following information for statistical purposes:

  * your server address
  * your top level domain name (for example .com, .gov, .au, .uk)
  * date and time of your visit to the site
  * pages you accessed and documents you downloaded
  * the previous site you visited
  * type of browser you used



No attempt will be made to identify individual users or their browsing activities except in the event that it is reasonably necessary for the enforcement of criminal law. In the case of the latter, we will comply with the Privacy Principles of the _Privacy Act 1988_ (Cth) regarding the limits and protocols associated with disclosure of personal information.

Some sites use 'cookies' to track a particular user's access to a site. Cookies are not used on this site to gather information about users interactions with this website with two exceptions:

  1. Within specific web-based applications, such as our online surveys, where they are used for session management purposes only.
  2. Google Analytics uses first-party cookies and JavaScript code to help analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website will be transmitted to Google. Google will use this information for the purpose of compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.



You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser.

## Recording your email address

We will only record your email address if you send us a message. It will only be used for the purpose for which you have provided it and will not be added to a mailing list. We will not use your email address for any other purpose, and will not disclose it, without your consent.

## Collecting personal information

From time to time we will use electronic forms on this site to gather personal information for purposes directly related to a function or activity of the Library. When we do so we will let you know the purpose for which the information is being collected (including if the information is to be published), and the legal authority for the collection if it is authorised or required by or under law.

We will not collect or solicit personal information via this site which would be unlawful, unnecessary or unrelated to the functions or activities of the Library, or unfair or unreasonably intrusive.

Because there are risks associated with using the internet as a transmission medium, when we use electronic forms to collect information we will also provide you with other options for providing the information - for example, a paper form and mailing address and a telephone contact.

Credit card details collected via electronic forms on this site are encrypted for transmission using secure server technologies and are only made accessible to staff members authorised to complete the transaction.

## Publishing personal information

We will only publish personal information on this site if it has been collected for this purpose with your knowledge or if you have consented to the disclosure. When giving such consent you should be aware that information published on this site is accessible to millions of users from all over the world, that it will be indexed by search engines and that it may be copied and used by any web user. This means that, once the information is published on this site, we will have no control over its subsequent use and disclosure.
