> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the choosemybicycle.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130522035919id_/http%3A//www.choosemybicycle.com/in/en/site/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy : ChooseMyBicycle.com

The privacy of your personal information is very important to us. We do not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your explicit consent. Read this privacy policy to learn more about the ways in which we use and protect your personal information. The privacy practices of this statement apply to our services available under the domain and sub-domains of www.ChooseMyBicycle.com (www.ChooseMyBicycle.com or "Portal") and apply generally to our parent, affiliates, subsidiaries or joint venture websites and portals. By logging in to the portal, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.

This privacy policy describes the information, as part of the normal operation of our services, we collect from you and what may happen to that information. By accepting the Privacy Policy and the User Agreement at registration, you expressly consent to (i) be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and User Agreement; and (ii) our use and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**1\. Your Privacy - Our Commitment**  
At ChooseMyBicycle.com, we are extremely proud of our commitment to protect your privacy and the personal information you disclose on the Site. We value your trust in us. Please read the following policy to understand how your personal information will be treated as you make full use of our portal.

**2\. ChooseMyBicycle's Privacy Guarantee**  
We at ChooseMyBicycle.com promise that we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for their marketing purposes without your consent. Your trust and confidence are our highest priority.

**3\. Information we collect**  
When you use our portal, we collect and store personal information provided by you. Our primary goal in doing this is to provide a safe, efficient and customized experience. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customize our portal to make your experience safer and easier. Importantly, we only collect personal information about you that we consider necessary for achieving this purpose. In general, you can browse the portal without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. To be able to use every feature of our portal, you will need to register and provide us your contact information and other personal information as indicated on the form. We also have the option of logging in with various social media ids such as Facebook, Google+, Twitter and Yahoo. We may automatically track certain information about you based on your behavior on the portal. We use this information to do internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior to better understand, protect and serve our users. This information is compiled and analyzed on regular basis. We use data collection devices such as "cookies" on certain pages of the Site to help analyze our web page flow, measure promotional effectiveness, and promote trust and safety. If you choose to buy or sell pre-owned bicycles using the portal, we collect information about your buying and selling behavior. If you choose to post messages on the portal or leave feedback for other users, we will collect that information. We retain this information as necessary to resolve disputes, provide customer support and troubleshoot problems as permitted by law. If you send us personal correspondence, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the portal, we may collect such information.

**4\. Our use of your information**  
However use of the 'dealer locator' function will share your name, e-mail address and mobile number (if entered) to help get in touch with you and give you the best information and offers available. From time to time we may reveal general visitor analytics information about our portal, such as number of visitors, portal usage patterns etc. We use your personal information to facilitate the services you request. We use your personal and other information that we obtain from your current and past activities on the portal to: measure consumer interest in the services provided by us, inform you about online and offline offers, products, services, and updates; customize your experience; detect and protect us against error, fraud and other criminal activity; enforce our User Agreement; sharing in the course of classified listings with prospective buyers/sellers (including dealers involved in buying and selling) as the case may be; and as otherwise described to you at the time of collection. We may examine your personal information to identify users using multiple User IDs or aliases. We may compare and review your personal information for errors, omissions and for accuracy. If you choose to list a pre-owned bicycle for sale on the portal we may use your address and billing information to bill you and provide associated support. You agree that we may use your personal information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to analyze portal usage, improve the portal's content and product offerings, and customize the portal's content, layout, and services. These inputs help improve the portal and help tailor it to meet your needs, so as to provide you with a smooth, efficient, safe and customized experience while using the portal. You agree that we may use your personal information to contact you and deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as targeted banner advertisements, administrative notices, product offerings, locate a dealer, and communications relevant to your use of the Site. By accepting the User Agreement and Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. 

  


**5\. Our disclosure of your information**  
We may also use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, are targeted to your interests, such as new services and promotions. The following are examples of some categories of persons to whom we would share your information with from time-to-time.  
5.a. Advertisements  
    a. Where a user enters information on any form of an advertiser, the information is simultaneously collected by ChooseMyBicycle.com and the advertiser. The information is used by ChooseMyBicycle.com in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy and is used by the advertiser as per the advertisers prevalent privacy policies. Because we do not control the privacy practices of these advertisers, you should evaluate their practices before deciding to provide the said information.

    b. ChooseMyBicycle.com may also aggregate (gather up data across all user accounts) personally identifiable information and disclose such information in a non-personally identifiable manner to advertisers and other third parties for other marketing and promotional purposes.

5.b. Classifieds Listings  
    a. When a user lists a classifieds advertisement, and the advertisement receives an expression of interest by the interested user, the interested user will be provided the contact information of the user listing the advertisement as provided in that user's registration form.

    b. When a user expresses an interest in a classifieds advertisement, the user who has listed the advertisement will be provided the contact information of the interested user as provided in the interested user's registration form.

5.c. Bicycles and Services offered on the Site are by third parties  
There are certain bicycles and services for which third parties request for information before the service is listed on the Site (example: application for bicycle loan/insurance). The information provided by the user for such purposes is simultaneously collected by ChooseMyBicycle.com and the respective third party. This information is utilized by the third party in accordance with its privacy policy and the terms of the offer. Because we do not control the privacy practices of these third parties, you should evaluate their practices before deciding to use their services.

5.d. Internal Service Providers  
We may use third parties that we refer to as internal service providers to facilitate or outsource one or more aspects of the business, product and service operations that we provide to you on the Site (e.g., search technology, discussion boards, bill collection, affiliate and rewards programs) and therefore we may provide some of your personal information directly to these internal service providers. These internal service providers' are subject to confidentiality agreements with us and other legal restrictions that prohibit their use of the information we provide them for any other purpose except to facilitate the specific outsourced Site related operation, unless you have explicitly agreed or given your prior permission to them for additional uses. In some instances, the internal service provider may collect information directly from you (such as for Site surveys). In these cases, you will be notified of the involvement of the internal service provider, and all additional information you provide them and their additional uses will be strictly up to you. If you provide additional information to an internal service provider directly, then their use of your personal information is governed by their applicable privacy policy.

5.e. Other Corporate Entities  
We share much of our data, including personal information about you, with our parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, and joint ventures that are committed to serving your online trading needs and related services, throughout the world. To the extent that these entities have access to your information, they will treat it at least as protectively as they treat information they obtain from their other users. Our parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, and joint ventures follow privacy practices no less protective of all users than our practices described in this document, to the extent allowed by applicable law. ChooseMyBicycle.com, its parent, affiliates, subsidiaries, its joint ventures, or any combination of such, will share some or all of your personal information with another business entity should we plan to, merge with, or be acquired by that business entity. Should such a combination occur, we will require that the new combined entity follow this Privacy Policy with respect to your personal information.

  


**6\. Legal Requests**  
We cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties to enforce laws, such as: intellectual property rights fraud and other rights, to help protect you and the community from bad actors. Therefore, in response to a verified request by law enforcement or other government officials relating to a criminal investigation or alleged illegal activity, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, city, state, telephone number, email address, User ID history, fraud complaints, and bike listing history without a subpoena or summon. Without limiting the above, in an effort to respect your privacy and our ability to keep the community free from bad actors, we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, except when we believe in good faith that the disclosure of information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss; or report suspected illegal activity. Further, we can (and you authorize us to) disclose your name, street address, city, state, zip code, country, phone number, email, and company name to intellectual property rights owners under confidentiality agreement, as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity. Due to the existing regulatory environment, we cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personal information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. By way of example (without limiting the foregoing), we may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications, or users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the Site. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.  
6.a. Your Obligations  
You agree, undertake and confirm that while providing your information on the Site you will not host, display, upload, modify, publish, transmit, update or share any information that:-  
    (a) belongs to another person and to which you do not have any right to;     (b) is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, pedophilic, libelous, invasive of another privacy hateful, or racially, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating or encouraging money laundering or gambling, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever;     (c) harm a minor in any way;     (d) infringes any patent, trademark, copyright or other proprietary rights;     (e) violates any law for the time being in force;     (f) deceives or misleads the Site and or existing and new users about the origin of such messages or communicates any information which is grossly offensive or menacing in nature;     (g) impersonate any other person;     (h) contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource; or     (i) threatens the unity, integrity, defence, security or sovereignty of India, friendly relations with foreign states, or public order or causes incitement to the commission of any cognizable offense or prevents investigation of any offense or is insulting any other nation.

6.b. Your use of other users' information  
In order to facilitate interaction among all ChooseMyBicycle.com community members, our Site allows you to access other users' contact information. Further, as a seller you will be sent via email the personal details like email, address and other information of the buyer(s), and as a buyer you will be sent via email the personal details like email, address and other information of the seller(s). By entering into our User Agreement, you agree that, with respect to other user's personally identifiable information that you obtain through the Site or through a ChooseMyBicycle.com related communication or ChooseMyBicycle.com facilitated transaction, ChooseMyBicycle.com hereby grants to you a license to use such information only for:  
    (a) ChooseMyBicycle.com related communications that are not unsolicited commercial messages,     (b) using co-branded services offered through ChooseMyBicycle.com, and     (c) any other purpose that such user expressly opts into after adequate disclosure of the purpose(s).In all cases, you must give users an opportunity to remove themselves from your database and a chance to review what information you have collected about them In addition, under no circumstances, except as defined in this Section, can you disclose personally identifiable information about another user to any third party without our consent and the consent of such other user after adequate disclosure. ChooseMyBicycle.com and our users do not tolerate spam. Therefore, without limiting the foregoing, you are not licensed to add a ChooseMyBicycle.com user-even a user who has purchased a bicycle from you-to your mail list (email or physical mail) without their express consent after adequate disclosure.

**7\. ChooseMyBicycle.com's Responsibility to You is Limited**  
ChooseMyBicycle will only be liable to You:  
    (a) where the law implies a term into these terms and conditions which cannot be excluded and ChooseMyBicycle.com breaches that term. Provided that, where the breach relates to goods or services that are not of a kind ordinarily acquired for personal, domestic or household use or consumption and where it is fair and reasonable to do so ChooseMyBicycle.com's liability is limited , at its option, to replacing, repairing or re-supplying the relevant goods or re-supplying the relevant services; or  
    (b) if the claim arises from or in connection with any deliberate breach of these terms and conditions or fraud by ChooseMyBicycle.com  
Other than as set out above ChooseMyBicycle, will not be liable to You:  
    (a) for claims arising out of or in connection with your access and use of the ChooseMyBicycle.com and related services whether arising in contract, tort (including negligence), indemnity, strict liability, breach of warranty or statute; and  
    (b) for loss of use, production, profit, revenue, business, data, contractor anticipated savings or for delay or for any financing costs or increase in operating costs or any economic loss for any indirect or consequential loss or damage.  
For the purposes of this section, the term ChooseMyBicycle will mean ChooseMyBicycle, its officers, employees, contractors and agents, whether individually or collectively.

**8\. Access or change your personally identifiable information**  
To protect your privacy and security, we will verify your identity before granting access or making changes to your personally-identifying information. If you have registered your profile on ChooseMyBicycle.com, your ChooseMyBicycle.com ID and Password are required in order to access your profile information.

**9\. Your consent**  
By using the Site, you consent to the collection and use of the information you disclose on the Site by ChooseMyBicycle.com. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes in this document available on the Site so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be communicated through our Site at least 10 days in advance of implementation. You may also note that you may at anytime, in writing to us, withdraw your consent to use your information in which case ChooseMyBicycle.com will desist from using it anymore. However, please note that ChooseMyBicycle.com reserves the right to discontinue all services in the event you withdraw your consent.

  

