> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the choosing-healthy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151231050108id_/http%3A//www.choosing-healthy.com/pages/privacy-policy/211) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Choosing-Healthy

## Privacy Policy

Choosing-Heathy takes your privacy seriously. This privacy policy describes what personal information we collect and how we use it. See this [privacy policy primer](http://cybec.com/what-is-a-privacy-policy/) to learn more about privacy policies in general.

Security

Choosing-Heathy takes appropriate precautions to protect our users’ information. Your account information is located on a secured server behind a firewall. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number or your password), we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). (To learn more about SSL, go to http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Sockets_Layer). Because email and instant messaging are not recognized as secure communications, we request that you not send private information to us by email or instant messaging services. If you have any questions about the security of Choosing-Heathy Web Site, please Contact Us.

## Routine Information Collection

All web servers track basic information about their visitors. This information includes, but is not limited to, IP addresses, browser details, timestamps and referring pages. None of this information can personally identify specific visitors to this site. The information is tracked for routine administration and maintenance purposes.

Uses of Information

We use the information we collect to provide the services you request. Our services may include the display of personalized content and advertising. We use your information to inform you of other products or services offered by Choosing-Heathy, our affiliates, and our licensees. We may share information about you with selected other organizations for offers of their products and services. We do not share your e-mail address with other organizations for offers of their products and services unless you allow us to do so.

## Cookies and Web Beacons

Where necessary, Choosing-Heathy uses cookies to store information about a visitor's preferences and history in order to better serve the visitor and/or present the visitor with customized content.

Advertising partners and other third parties may also use cookies, scripts and/or web beacons to track visitors to our site in order to display advertisements and other useful information. Such tracking is done directly by the third parties through their own servers and is subject to their own privacy policies.

## Controlling Your Privacy

Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms. This list of [web browser privacy management](http://cybec.com/web-browser-privacy-management/) links may also be useful.

### Third-Party Online Advertising

Third parties that deliver some of the advertisements you see on this site and other websites collect information through technology about your online activities, which may be supplemented with information about you that we provide such as your age, gender or interactions with our site, in an effort to understand your interests and deliver to you advertisements tailored to your interests. These companies may offer you a way to choose not to have your information used for advertising purposes.

## Special Note About Google Advertising

Any advertisements served by Google, Inc., and affiliated companies may be controlled using cookies. These cookies allow Google to display ads based on your visits to this site and other sites that use Google advertising services. Learn how to [opt out of Google's cookie usage](http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html). As mentioned above, any tracking done by Google through cookies and other mechanisms is subject to Google's own privacy policies.

## Contact Information

Concerns or questions about this privacy policy can be directed to contact@Choosing-Heathy.com for further clarification.

This privacy policy was generated by the [Privacy Policy for WordPress](http://cybec.com/privacy-policy-plugin-for-wordpress/) plugin.
