> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the smallbusinessdb.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170625002908id_/http%3A//www.smallbusinessdb.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Small Business Database

## Your smallbusinessdb.com Information

#### Generally

smallbusinessdb.com is provided by Ali Caner Öner and its affiliates (“we” or “us”). Your smallbusinessdb.com information consists of personally identifiable information collected or received about you when you make purchases from us, when you register with us, when you set up profiles to share with others, when you interact with other users on smallbusinessdb.com, or when you log in to smallbusinessdb.com as a registered user and interact with smallbusinessdb.com products and services. Your smallbusinessdb.com information may include (a) registration-related information (such as name, address, telephone and fax numbers, email address); (b) member profile about yourself that you can share with others; (c) a profile on your business or your profession that you desire to share with others, (d) transaction-related information (such as credit card or other preferred means of payment, or a history of products purchased through us); (e) information about your visits to smallbusinessdb.com or our other web sites, pages and services; (f) your responses to our offerings and advertisements; (g) information about the features or offerings you use from us; (h) your billing and shipping information; (i) customer service information; and (j) other information specifically related to your use of a particular smallbusinessdb.com feature or offering. Your information may be supplemented with additional information from other companies such as publicly available information and other information that we may append or match to your information. 

#### Your Profile

When you register with us, sign up for an application or service, become a member of a company profile or make recommendations on the service, we use certain information we collect from you (your name, business, and location of your business) to set up a profile on your behalf to share with others, and which information will be available by search to help you promote your business or profession. After you register with smallbusinessdb.com, you may provide additional member information about yourself (member profile, company profile) and add company profile information about your business in the My Profile area on smallbusinessdb.com. Such member and company profiles could include, at your option, a description of your skills or products, experience, education and membership in organizations. Also in the My Profile area, you can control what information you want to share with others. 

#### Contact Information

We may offer you services to send invitations via smallbusinessdb.com or email addresses if they are not smallbusinessdb.com users in order to connect with others on smallbusinessdb.com. The names and email addresses of people whom you invite will be used to send your invitations and reminders as well as to allow us to help expand your network. You understand and agree that when you send an invitation to connect to another user, that user will have access to your email address because it is displayed in the invitation. Your connections will also have access to your email address. You may not invite anyone you do not know and trust to connect with you. 

#### You Consent to our Collection of Information

By providing information to us for the purposes of creating your smallbusinessdb.com account, interacting with smallbusinessdb.com's services and features, or adding any additional details to your profile, you understand and agree that we may process information about you and make information about you available to others. In addition, if you post any information about yourself on areas of smallbusinessdb.com that are publicly accessible, such as message boards or forums, you understand and agree that such information will be available to others. Google, Inc. supplies the mapping services on smallbusinessdb.com. If you decide to use and interact with the mapping services, you agree that Google may collect information in accordance with its privacy policy located at <http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/>. 

## How smallbusinessdb.com Information Is Used

Your smallbusinessdb.com information is used to operate and improve the features, offerings and content presented to you by us; to personalize the content and advertisements provided to you; to fulfill your requests for products, programs, and services; to communicate with you and respond to your inquiries; to conduct research about your use of our products; to share information about you and your business; to communicate with other users and business contacts; and, to help offer you other products, programs, or services that may be of interest or relevance to you. We may share Your smallbusinessdb.com information with our service providers, affiliates, partners, agents or other parties whose products or services we believe may be of interest to you or to fulfill a transaction requested by you. Since smallbusinessdb.com is design to help companies and business professionals network with others, smallbusinessdb.com is designed so that certain information about you and your business is available to others on smallbusinessdb.com and via search engines, including, your name, and location of your business, and to help you communicate with companies and business professionals. As we explain below, you can add, enhance, modify or delete what information is made available to others in the My Profile area of smallbusinessdb.com.  We may use your smallbusinessdb.com information to present offers to you on behalf of business partners and advertisers. We may use agents and contractors in order to help operate smallbusinessdb.com and provide smallbusinessdb.com services to you. Their use of information is limited to these purposes. The contents of your online communications, as well as other information about you as a smallbusinessdb.com user, may be accessed and disclosed in response: to lawful governmental requests or legal process (for example, a court order, search warrant or subpoena), in other circumstances in which we have a good faith belief that a crime has been or is being committed by a user, that an emergency exists that poses a threat to the safety of you or another person, when necessary either to protect our property, or for us to render the service you have requested. In the event that our ownership was to change as a result of a merger or acquisition by another company, your smallbusinessdb.com information may be transferred. We will provide you notice prior to any such transfer of your smallbusinessdb.com information. 

#### Your Information Choices

In the My Profile area on smallbusinessdb.com, you have the following choices: 

  * You may review, enhance, add, change or delete such information in the My Profile area.
  * You may choose to make your member profile available to search engines through the My Profile area.
  * You may control how other users may send you messages.
  * You may change your settings to control visibility on smallbusinessdb.com.
  * You may remove all information about you and your business by cancelling your account by [contacting us](http://www.smallbusinessdb.com/contact). We will use commercially reasonable efforts to block access to your information upon termination of your account; however, you understand and agree that certain information may be retained by us as part of our standard back up and archiving process.



Any e-mails that you receive that contain marketing promotions will provide an option to remove your name from future mailings; provided, however, you understand and agree that this exclusion does not apply to notices we provide you about your smallbusinessdb.com services.

## Cookies, Advertising Networks

We and certain third party partners may place “cookies” on your Web browser when you visit our properties (including our websites and emails). Cookies are small pieces of information or text files that a website sends to your computer for record-keeping purposes, which information is stored in a file on your computer’s hard drive. Cookies make Web‑surfing and browsing easier for you by saving your preferences so that we can use the saved information to facilitate and improve your use of smallbusinessdb.com. Please note that you will not be able to access and use all of smallbusinessdb.com's features if you delete or refuse to accept cookies. For example, without cookies, you will not be able to set certain personalized preferences, and/or you may have difficulty completing transactions on smallbusinessdb.com. Also, we, and certain third party companies under agreement with us, may deploy and read cookies, pixel tags, web beacons or similar technologies to collect and assemble non-personal, demographic, behavioral and technical information about the use of smallbusinessdb.com from our users in order to group such users that share a common interest into general interest categories (collectively, “Audience Segment Cookies”). Such Audience Segment Cookies, which do not identify you personally, may be placed when you access smallbusinessdb.com, share content from smallbusinessdb.com, when advertisements are presented on smallbusinessdb.com, and/or when you respond to advertisements or other offerings on smallbusinessdb.com. We and these third party companies may use such non-personally identifiable information in combination with your visits to smallbusinessdb.com and other sites in order to present advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you, to measure the effectiveness of smallbusinessdb.com and advertisements, and to help predict the characteristics and preferences of our audiences and the audiences of our third party companies. We may share certain information about you as a user that is not personally identified to you (such as user industry and position) with certain advertising network providers in order to help them deliver more relevant advertisements through their ad networks. The use of cookies by ad network providers is subject to their own privacy policies. Many of the advertising networks participate in the opt-out program offered by the Network Advertising Initiative. To learn more about such audience behavior advertising practices, you can visit <http://www.aboutads.info/choices/> and the Network Advertising Initiative at <http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising>.

## Mobile Services

Our mobile applications may include location-based services. These services may include applications that can help you search and find businesses located near you. When you sign in and use our location-based services, we must periodically receive your location in order to provide our services to you. We may collect and process information about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device. We may also use various technologies to determine location, such as sensor data from your device that may, for example, provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers. By using our location-based services, you authorize us to locate your device and to record, compile and display your location. We may also collect and store certain information about our users, such as, users’ wireless mobile subscriber ISDN numbers and users’ network access identifier information. We may use third party providers to help operate our services. Google, Inc. provides our location-based mapping services. By using the location-based mapping services, you agree that Google may collect information when you use the maps as described in its privacy policy located at<http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/>, which Google may update from time-to-time. You may discontinue any location-based service by going to the location services settings on your device and turn off GPS and other settings that can locate your device. Our applications may give you the ability to store your log-in credentials on a mobile device so that you can be logged-in automatically when your launch our services. You may deactivate the automatic feature by using the log-off feature on our applications. You understand that you are solely responsible if someone else obtains access to your mobile device if it is lost or stolen. You agree to notify your mobile carrier promptly to prevent unauthorized access to your device and your smallbusinessdb.com profile. You may also notify us if you believe your profile has been compromised. 

## Security

We make available a secure page for entering sensitive information, protected by industry-standard SSL encryption technology. This technology encrypts your information prior to transmitting it over the Internet. We maintain the confidential information you provide us in a secure database. We further require credentials such as a user identification (e.g., email address) and password to limit access to registered accounts. Please keep in mind that while we have established safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access to or misuse of you smallbusinessdb.com information, we cannot guarantee that your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in a manner inconsistent with this Privacy Policy (for example, in the event of unauthorized acts by third parties that violate applicable law or our policies). 

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this Policy periodically. If there are significant changes to our information practices, you will be provided with appropriate online notice. You may be provided other privacy-related information in connection with your use of offerings from us as well as for special features and services not described in this Policy that may be introduced in the future.
