> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the smartapp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209140433id_/https%3A//smartapp.com/PrivacyPolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

  
Last Modified: May 3, 2013

This Privacy Policy provides our policies and procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing your information. Users can access the smartapp.com service (the **"Service"** ) – a property of InQuest Technologies, Inc ( **"InQuest"** ) through our website www.smartapp.com, applications on devices, through APIs, and through third-parties. A **"Device"** is any computer used to access the smartapp.com Service, including without limitation a desktop, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, or other consumer electronic device. This Privacy Policy governs your access of the smartapp.com Service, regardless of how you access it, and by using our Services you consent to the collection, analysis, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy. All of the different forms of data, content, and information described below are collectively referred to as **"Information"** , including without limitation, user or company profile, uploaded content and other content (e.g. comments, feedback or suggestions) you submit to smartapp.com through any Device.

We may collect and store the following Information when running the smartapp.com Service, including; but not limited to:

When you register an account, we collect some personal information ( **"Personal Information"** ), such as your name and email address. You may also register an account using one of your social media networks, including but not limited to: Facebook, LinkedIn, and Google. When registering an account through social media we collect additional information including but not limited to: your picture, skills, industry and location. When you invite others to join smartapp.com by using our sharing or invite feature, you provide us with their email addresses and we may send them an email to access the shared item or join smartapp.com. We may also receive Personal Information (for example, your email address) through other users, for example if they have tried to share something with you or invited you to use a smartapp.com feature.   
We collect and store the files you upload, download, or access with the smartapp.com Service ( **“Files”** ).    
We collect and store user and/or app-generated data with the smartapp.com Service ( **“Data”** ).    
When you use the Service, we automatically record information from your Device, its software, and your activity using the Services. This may include the Device’s Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, the web page visited before you came to our website, information you search for on our website, locale preferences, identification numbers associated with your Devices, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, system configuration information, metadata concerning your Files, and other interactions with the Service.   
We also use "cookies" to collect information and improve our Services. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your Device. We may use "session ID cookies" to enable certain features of the Service, to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Service. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of the Service.

In the course of using the Service, we may collect personal information that can be used to contact or identify you ( **"Personal Information"** ). Personal Information is or may be used: (i) to provide and improve our Service, (ii) to administer your use of the Service, (iii) to better understand your needs and interests, (iv) to personalize and improve your experience, and (v) to provide offers or product announcements.   
Some Devices allow applications to access real-time location-based information (for example, GPS). Our Service may, through your authorization (for example, if you download and use an application on our Service that has GPS or Mapping capabilities), collect GPS information for the purposes of application function. Also, some of the information we collect from a Device, for example IP address, can sometimes be used to approximate a Device’s location.   
In addition, some photos and videos you place in smartapp.com may contain recorded location information. We may use this information to optimize your experience. If you do not wish to share files embedded with your geo-location information with us, please do not upload them. If you don’t want to store location data in your photos or videos, please consult the documentation for your camera to turn off that feature.   
We also collect some information (ourselves or using third party services) using logging and cookies, such as IP address, which can sometimes be correlated with Personal Information. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Service, for the Service’s technical administration, to increase our Service’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to verify users have the authorization needed for the Service to process their requests.   
We use information you and others provide in the Service (for example, through your profile, Files, App Data or through other means in the Service), in an aggregate manner to analyze for the sole purpose of monitoring usage trends of the Service, to improve the Service and offer recommendations to support a positive user experience on smartapp.com.   
We will display your Personal Information in your profile page and elsewhere on the Service. Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want others to know about you and to improve your smaratpp.com experience. Please consider carefully what information you provide in your profile page. You can review and revise your profile information at any time. We do not sell your personal information to third parties. Through certain features of the Service, you may also have the ability to make some of your information public. For example, a review or comment that you post on the Service may be Public and broadly and quickly disseminated. Please consider carefully what information you provide on the Service.   
We may use certain trusted third party companies and individuals to help us provide, analyze, and improve the Service (including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, data analytics, payment processing, and improvement of the Service’s features). These third parties may have access to your information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations similar to those in this Privacy Policy.   
We may share your Personal Information with a third party application with your consent, for example when you choose to access their services through smartapp.com. We are not responsible for what those parties do with your information, so you should make sure you trust the application and that it has a privacy policy acceptable to you.   
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of smartapp.com. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy statements. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any Web site you visit.   
We may disclose to parties outside smartapp.com (and therefore, InQuest) your Information stored in smartapp.com when we have a good faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (a) comply with a law, regulation or compulsory legal request; (b) protect the safety of any person from death or serious bodily injury; (c) prevent fraud or abuse of smartapp.com or its users; or (d) to protect InQuest’s property rights.   
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that transaction. We will take reasonable effort to notify you via our website of any such change in control.   
We may disclose your non-private, aggregated, or otherwise non-personal information, such as usage statistics of our Service.   
If you are a registered user, you may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information provided in your registration or account profile by changing your "account settings." In some cases we may retain copies of your Information to provide the Service.   
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services. We may retain and use your information as necessary including, but not limited to: comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements and continue to provide and improve our Service for others.  
Our Service offers publicly accessible community services such as forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas might be read, collected, and used by others who access them. Your posts may remain even after you cancel your account.   
The security of your information is important to us.  
We follow generally accepted standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.   
PayPal handles our payment transactions. When you choose to purchase something on smartapp.com, you are directed to PayPal’s payment processing interface. From this point forward, PayPal’s privacy and security policies are in effect. For more information, please read PayPal’s Security Statement.  
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at contactus@smartapp.com or 800.254.4050, or send us mail at 1350 Division Rd., Suite 301, West Warwick RI 02893.  
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. By continuing to use the Service after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.  

