> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the smarter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051214111325id_/http%3A//www.smarter.com/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Compare Prices,Price Comparison,Comparison Shopping Online

_Generally_ _Generally Smarter.com does not collect, store, use or disclose personally identifying information except in very specific instances, such as, for example, when you provide your email address to receive specialized services). Whenever we collect such information, you will have a choice regarding whether to provide it, how it will be used, and to whom it will be disclosed. The instances in which Smarter.com does collect and use information are specifically described below in this Privacy Policy._ Smarter.com provides a comparison shopping service that enables consumers to compare prices, products and stores when they shop online. These services are provided by Smarter.com which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Mezi Media, Inc ("Mezi Media"). Mezi Media values its users and their concerns about privacy. To this end, Mezi Media engages in consistent information practices and uses its best efforts to make clear disclosures regarding those practices. This Privacy Policy is a part of that effort. **What does this Privacy Policy cover?**  
This Privacy Policy applies to collection, use, storage and disclosure of information by Mezi Media. If there are any exceptions, we will clearly disclose them prior to collecting any information, and will give you an opportunity to choose not to participate or provide the information. Please be aware that, as part of the Services, Mezi Media may provide links to Web sites operated by third parties. Mezi Media is not responsible for the information collection or privacy practices or the content of those third party Web sites or applications. **What information does Mezi Media collect and how is it used? Does Mezi Media disclose information to third parties?**  
Mezi Media may collect any or all of the following three types of information: (a) traffic or clickstream data, (b) cookies, or (c) contact information and other personally identifying information. Mezi Media's collection and use of each type of data is described below, as well as the ways (if any) in which the data may be shared with third parties. **_(a) Traffic or Clickstream Data._** Data about traffic and usage is not personally identifying or identifiable, and is not supplemented or combined with personally identifying or identifiable information. Mezi Media may share information it collects with certain selected third parties, but only in aggregated, anonymous form. For example, we may tell an advertiser that a certain number of people visited a certain area on our Web site, or searched our site for a specific product. Mezi Media collects some information regarding use of the Services by observing browser functions and the files (pages) users access. For example, Mezi Media's servers collect information about the site to which you may depart to enable Mezi Media to calculate and receive payments from its partners. In addition, Mezi Media uses the information (in aggregate form) to better design the Services. **_(b) Cookies._** Like many sites, Mezi Media collects information about online behavior using cookies. These cookies contain identification information that enables us to see how our users are interacting with our site and how frequently they are returning, as well as to streamline their experiences using the Services. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifiable information. Cookies lets us know about repeat visitors and if we are delivering quality products and services. Mezi Media may also use cookies to identify which sites our repeat visitors are coming from, so that we can place more of our online advertising on these sites, and can, where necessary, pay our business partners. To Mezi Media, using information within cookies is an anonymous way to survey how we are doing and to look for ways to improve our Services. You may set your browser software to reject cookies, but you may not be able to use all of the features of the Services. Mezi Media may share information about usage of the Services with third parties, but only in aggregated, anonymous form. In the course of serving advertisements to this site, our third-party advertiser may place or recognize a unique "cookie" on your browser. **_(c) Contact Information or Personally Identifying Information._** Mezi Media can obtain access to your name, e-mail address and other contact information only (1) when you become a Newsletter subscriber, advertiser/merchant with Mezi Media, provide comments, submit a problem, or request information from Mezi Media and provide your name or return contact information, (2) when you register for the advanced features, or (3) in connection with special offers or contests. Contact information provided in connection with problems, comments or requests is used only to respond to those problems, comments or requests. This information is not stored or used in connection with traffic or clickstream data and is provided to a third party only as necessary to respond to the comment, problem or request. Finally, you may choose to provide contact information, other personally identifying information, and demographic information in order to participate in optional surveys or contests, which are run for promotional purposes. Mezi Media uses such information to send you information about its products and to notify you if you win the contest. Finally, from time to time, but only with your permission, Mezi Media may provide certain of its users' registration information to selected third parties who wish to participate in special promotions offered in conjunction with Mezi Media. Users may opt-out of receiving such communications at any time by contacting Mezi Media. **Is data stored by Mezi Media secure?**  
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, Mezi Media has put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information it collects online. However, data security is a constantly evolving art and science. You should consider any communication that you transmit to Mezi Media (such as data, questions or answers, comments, or suggestions) as non-confidential, and agree that Mezi Media will not be liable or responsible if information that belongs to you is intercepted and used by an unintended recipient.  **Does Mezi Media collect personally identifying information from or about children?**  
Mezi Media uses reasonable efforts not to collect, use or disclose individually identifiable information from children under the age of 13. The Services are not targeted at children, and children may not register for any portions of the Services that require registration. Please check with those sites to determine their privacy policy.  **How can I access or correct any personally identifying information about me?**  
To request a copy of the personally identifiable information you have sent to Mezi Media, please send an email containing your request to [businessaffairs@MeziMedia.com](mailto:businessaffairs@mezimedia.com). You must provide your full name and the e-mail from which the request is received (and to which the response will be sent) must match the e-mail on file with Mezi Media. You may then correct or delete such information using the procedures specified in the e-mail. **How do I find out more about Mezi Media's information practices?**  
If you have any questions about anything in this Privacy Policy, or about collection of personally identifiable information, or information generally, please contact Mezi Media as follows:  Business and Legal Affairs  
Mezi Media  
103 E. Lemon Ave., Suite 200  
Monrovia, CA 91016

E-Mail: 

[privacy@MeziMedia.com](mailto:privacy@mezimedia.com)
