> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the smartpunk.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-09-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090907014854id_/http%3A//www.smartpunk.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

######  SmartPunkMusic, LLC. (SMARTPUNK) is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of its clients. We will never sell, rent or otherwise provide any confidential information about you to anyone.   
The purpose of this SMARTPUNK privacy policy is to inform you, as a client or visitor to SmartPunk.com, what kinds of information we may gather about you when you visit SmartPunk.com, and how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, the information. This privacy policy applies to the SMARTPUNK website and other Internet-accessible SMARTPUNK-branded services. Finally, please note that this policy applies only to the SMARTPUNK website, and not to other companies' or organizations' Websites to which we link or our clients may link while using our product. Information About All SMARTPUNK Visitors In general, our website automatically gathers certain usage information like the numbers and frequency of visitors to SMARTPUNK. We only use such data in the aggregate. This aggregate data helps us determine how much our clients use parts of the website, so we can improve our website to assure that it is as appealing as we can make it for as many of you as possible. For example, SMARTPUNK uses a technology nicknamed "cookies" that tells us how and when pages in our website are visited, and by how many people. These cookies do not collect personally identifiable information and we do not combine information collected through these cookies with other personally identifiable information to tell us who you are or even what your email address is. We also may provide statistical "ratings" information, never information about you personally, to our SMARTPUNK partners about how our clients and visitors, collectively, use SMARTPUNK. We do this so they too can understand how much people use their areas and our website in order for them to provide you with the best possible Web experience as well. Finally, SMARTPUNK, its advertisers and ad servers may also use cookies, as well as small pieces of code called "web beacons" or "clear gifs," to determine on an anonymous basis which advertisements and promotions users have seen and how users responded to them, but do not use these technologies to collect personally identifiable information unless you give us permission to do so. Information About You If you are a SMARTPUNK client, when you access SMARTPUNK you may obtain access to features of the SMARTPUNK online service that contain personal information. Additionally, we may specifically ask for information about you when you sign up to use a service, or when you order a product. We will need certain information -- such as name, Internet address, billing address, credit card number -- in order to provide that service or product to you. We may also use that information to let you know of additional products and services about which you might be interested. We may ask you for information about your interests so that both you and we can take advantage of the interactivity of the online medium, but you may always choose to respond or not. We also use cookie or server-side session technology in order to improve your experience, including to remember your preferences or customized settings when you use SMARTPUNK and its related services, and to authenticate your access to your personal information. Disclosure SMARTPUNK will never disclose or share any Personal Information provided to us by our clients without their written approval.. However SMARTPUNK may share such information in response to legal process, such as a court order or subpoena, or in special cases such as a physical threat to you or others. And, as we mention above, we may share with our Website partners aggregated statistical "ratings" information about the use of SMARTPUNK. How is my information protected? Whenever Personal Information about you is stored on our computers, that information is password-protected from unauthorized access or use. In addition, this information is kept on servers that are located behind a firewall. Since your financial information and certain other Personal Information (i.e., your social security number) are especially sensitive, we take special care to keep it secure. We will only transmit or ask for this information over secure Internet connections, using SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption, the currently accepted standard for online security, and security keys. Your social security number, credit card number and financial information are stored on secure, designated servers and access is limited to individuals in departments charged with using such information only in connection with processing your orders for products and services purchased; provided, however, that those orders processed by our partners provide the service or product requested may store such information on their servers which are governed by such third party?s privacy policy. While this means you may have to enter this information more than once, we believe the added security is worth the extra effort. Of course, we appreciate your help in safeguarding the integrity of your own and others' privacy. We hope you'll use common sense whenever you disclose Personal Information over the Internet. Just as importantly, we encourage you to let us know immediately if you suspect that the information you share with us is being used in any way contrary to this Privacy Policy. Finally, unfortunately no data transmission over the Internet or the storage of information on servers can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and while we strive to protect your personal information (as described herein), we cannot guarantee or warrant its complete security. To contact us, please send an email to privacy@SmartPunk.com.  
Privacy Policy Changes  
If we elect to change our privacy policy for SMARTPUNK, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and whether we will disclose it to anyone.   
Questions regarding the above statement should be directed to privacy@SmartPunk.com. 
