> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the smartbitchestrashybooks.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190626130839id_/http%3A//smartbitchestrashybooks.com/smart-bitches-trashy-books-llc-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Smart Bitches Trashy Books, LLC: Privacy Policy - Smart Bitches, Trashy Books

At SMART BITCHES TRASHY BOOKS, LLC (occasionally d/b/a [Organization Academy](http://www.organizationacademy.com/)) (“SBTB”), we value your trust and are committed to protecting your privacy by handling the personal information you provide us with care. To share our services with you and continually improve your experience on our websites, currently located at smartbitchestrashybooks.com and organizationacademy.com (collectively, the “Site”), we request certain personal information, as detailed below.  We created this privacy policy (this “Privacy Policy”) to explain what information we collect from you when you access the Site and how we use and share that information. If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us using the information provided at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.

**General:** All personally identifiable information collected by SBTB from the Site is used only by SBTB.  Aggregate reports of information may be shared with third parties such as advertisers, but no personally identifiable information is included in such reports.  Entities other than SBTB may collect personally identifiable information based on your use of the Site (see below), but none of that information is collected, processed, or controlled by SBTB.

**Newsletter:**  The newsletter list data is collected, stored, and managed by [MailChimp](https://mailchimp.com/). MailChimp’s privacy policy is located [here](https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy/). It is not ever sold to another third party or made available for sale. The information collected, such as your email address, is stored in order for SBTB to communicate directly with you. Upon registration for the newsletter, you will be asked to consent to the collection of personally identifiable information. The opportunity to unsubscribe is presented at the bottom of every newsletter you receive. Clicking on that link will remove you from the list, and your personally identifiable information will be deleted and no longer stored by SBTB.

**Comments:**  If you post a comment to an entry on the Site, you will be asked to enter a name, website URL (optional), and email address.  Once you post a comment, that name, website URL (if any), and email address, as well as the IP address, will be collected and stored on the Site, and the name and website URL (if any) will be visible to other visitors to the Site.  SBTB will not use this information other than for purposes of comments on that particular post, unless that post contains a contest or giveaway. In the case of a contest or giveaway, SBTB may use the personally identifiable information contained in the comment to identify and contact the winner of the giveaway.  Information submitted in a comment will remain stored on the Site unless the particular post is deleted. By posting a comment, you consent to have your personally identifiable information collected and used as described in this paragraph.

**Contests and Giveaways:**  If you are the winner of a contest or giveaway, SBTB may contact you at the email address submitted in your comment, and may request shipping address information.  By providing that information, you are consenting to its collection, and to have the applicable contest or giveaway item mailed to you at such address, which may involve sharing that information with the applicable postal or shipping service. SBTB may store such information in an email archive, but will not otherwise use or distribute such information.

**Ordering links:** Please note that if you purchase a book or other item through a link on the Site, your purchase will be handled by the vendor you select (e.g., Amazon, Kobo, Nook, Apple, Google Play) and they may collect, process, and control their own separate information about you that is NOT shared with SBTB.  SBTB does not collect, process or control any such information.

**Social Media:** If you use a third-party connection, for example, through Facebook or Twitter by “following,” “liking,” SBTB pages, that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service, but note that SBTB itself does not collect, process or control any of this information. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram etc. before using them to link to other places.

  
**Cookies:** Personal information will not be collected where a person is only browsing the Site, but we may use cookies to better tailor our information and our services to meet the needs of Site visitors.  A cookie is a small file sent to your browser from a web server to be stored on your computer. Cookies may be used to enhance interaction and convenience in using the Site and are not used to record any personal information. Cookies do not allow access to your computer or any data/files contained in your computer.  Once placed on your device’s hard drive, the cookie will remain there until you remove it. SBTB may place a cookie on your device’s hard drive to recognize you as a return user to improve your experience on the Site.  
  
Some of our advertisers, vendors, agents, and service providers may also use cookies on the Site to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to this Site and/or other sites on the Internet. SBTB does not have access to or control over these cookies, and does not collect, process or.control any information via these cookies. For more information on third-party vendors’ use of cookies for interest-based advertising and how to opt out, visit [www.aboutads.info.  
  
](http://www.aboutads.info./)Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but please note that you may at any point in time change your browser settings to stop receiving new cookies or request to be asked each time whether you wish a cookie to be installed onto your hard drive. If you reject cookies, you may still access the Site, but some features may not work properly on your device.

The first time you visit the Site on a particular browser, you will see a notification that states,  


_“ This website uses cookies to ensure that you have the best possible experience at SBTB. By clicking on the button below, you will be consenting to the use of cookies as described in our Privacy Policy, subject to any settings you may have on your browser. Learn More.”  The button will read “I consent.”_

**Analytics information:** SBTB may collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools and services, like Google Analytics, to help measure traffic and usage trends for the Site, newsletters, and social media connections. These tools may collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit and other information that assist in improving your user experience. This analytics data is collected and used in aggregate form such that it cannot reasonably be used to identify any particular individual user.

**Log file information:** The Site is routinely monitored/scanned for virus checks, malware identification, etc., in order to keep it a secure site. As such, log file information is automatically reported by your browser or mobile device each time you access the site, and the server automatically records certain log file information. These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request, IP address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.

**Instances where it may be required to share your information:** Your information will only be disclosed where required to do so by law or subpoena or if there is reasonable belief that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to protect the security, quality or integrity of the Site or SBTB; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the Site’s users, or others.

**Links to Other Websites and Services:** SBTB is not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the site, comment pages, or social media sites, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Site to another website, this Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. SBTB is not responsible and does not have control over any third parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service (like Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, etc.) and you allow such a third-party access to your User Content you do so at your own risk. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information SBTB collects by other means (including offline) or from other sources other than through the Site.

**Contact Us:**  If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Site, you may contact us at [sarah@smartbitchestrashybooks.com](mailto:sarah@smartbitchestrashybooks.com).  

