> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the smartthings.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161102133323id_/https%3A//www.smartthings.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | SmartThings

_Effective Date: September 3, 2015_

We at SmartThings know you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. **By using or accessing the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.**

Remember that your use of SmartThings's Services is at all times subject to the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms), which incorporates this Privacy Policy. Any terms we use in this Policy without defining them have the definitions given to them in the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms).

##### What does this privacy policy cover?

This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that we gather when you are accessing or using our Services, but not to the practices of companies we don't own or control, or people that we don't manage. We gather various types of Personal Information from our users, as explained in more detail below, and we use this Personal Information in connection with our Services, including to provide basic functionality of our services, to personalize and improve our services, to allow you to set up a user account and profile, to allow you to post ratings and reviews of various products and services, to contact you and allow other users to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to analyze how you use the Services. In certain cases, we may also share some Personal Information with third parties, but only as described below.

As noted in the [Terms of Use](https://web.archive.org/terms), we do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Services or send any personal information about yourself to us. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will respond as described in our Terms of Use, including to delete your personal information as quickly as possible. If you believe that a child under 13 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at [support@smartthings.com](mailto:support@smartthings.com).

##### Will SmartThings ever change this Privacy Policy?

We're constantly trying to improve our Services, so we may need to change this Privacy Policy from time to time as well, but we will alert you to changes by placing a notice on the Services and/or by sending you an email. Please note that if you've opted not to receive legal notice emails from us (or you haven't provided us with your email address), those legal notices will still govern your use of the Services, and you are responsible for reading and understanding them. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Services after such changes have been posted. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used.

##### What information does SmartThings collect?

###### Information You Provide To Us

We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. For example, through the registration process and/or through your account settings, we may collect Personal Information such as your name, email address, shipping address, billing address, phone number, credit card details, location name, location including geo-fence, group and device names, device location names, device or group images, SmartApp names, SmartApp configuration details, and third-party account credentials (for example, your log-in credentials for Facebook or other third party sites). If you provide your third-party account credentials to us, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts ("Third Party Account Information") may be transmitted into your account with us if you authorize such transmissions, and that Third Party Account Information transmitted to our Services is covered by this Privacy Policy; for example, avatars, profile information, images, friends and other authorized information. Certain information may be required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features.

If you have provided us with a means of contacting you, we may use such means to communicate with you. For example, we may send you updates about our services, informational updates, surveys or promotional offers (either on our own behalf, or on behalf of other businesses), or communicate with you about your use of the Services. Also, we may receive a confirmation when you open a message from us. This confirmation helps us make our communications with you more interesting and improve our services. If you do not want to receive communications from us, please indicate your preference by clicking 'unsubscribe from this list' or 'update subscription preferences' at the bottom of the email you received. Please note that you may not be able to opt out of certain service-level communications that we deem critical to your use of the Services.

###### Information Collected Automatically

Whenever you interact with our Services (whether via a mobile application, third party service, SmartApp, browser, or other application, connecting a physical device to our services, connecting a third party service to our services, or otherwise), we automatically receive and record information on our servers, logs and databases from your browser, application, services or device(s). In particular, our Service is designed to allow you to connect various physical devices (e.g., the SmartThings Hub, and associated SmartThings and third party sensors and other devices) to the Services. While connected to the Services, these devices automatically report information to our servers (including information that you may have provided when setting up or configuring that device), which may include Personal Information. For example, if you connect a temperature sensor to the Services, the temperature information from that sensor will be transmitted to the Services, along with any identifying information that you have chosen to associate with that sensor (e.g., the device name, group name, and location name that you have assigned to the sensor within the Services). The type of information that is collected from each device will vary depending on the device type.

In addition, if you connect any video or audio recording devices to the Services (e.g., video cameras), and you enable the streaming or recording features of those devices through the service, then video or audio data from those devices may be transmitted to, and stored on, the Service, subject to your configuration and settings. We may capture, process and analyze this video and audio information to provide the Services (e.g., to detect motion or other activity, to provide you with notifications, to provide access to stored audio/video clips, etc.), and as otherwise permitted by this Privacy Policy. Please note that if you choose not to enable video/audio storage or recording services through the Service for a particular device, then SmartThings does not store the video/audio information streamed from that device.

Other information collected automatically through the foregoing means may include your IP address, location details, "cookie" information, mobile device, operating system, the type of browser, demographic information, application and/or device(s) you're using to access our Services, click-through paths, the identity of the page or feature you are requesting or interacting with, time on page of feature, and other indicators of how you are interacting with the Services. "Cookies" are identifiers we transfer to your device that allow us to recognize your browser, application or device and tell us how and when various pages and features in our Services are visited or used and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser, application or device to prevent or limit your device's acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features. In addition, our third party partners, including advertising partners, may also use web beacons, or transmit cookies to and read cookies from your browser, application or device when you visit or use our Services (including, without limitation, to collect information in connection with the Google Trusted Stores program or Google Demographics and Interests). Also, if you click on a link to a third party website or service, such third party may also transmit cookies to you. Again, this Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties. Also, please note that our systems do not currently recognize or respond to browser "Do Not Track" signals.

##### Will SmartThings share any of the personal information it receives?

We share your Personal Information with third parties as described in this section:

**Aggregated Personal Information that's no longer personally identifiable.** We may anonymize your Personal Information so that you cannot be individually identified, and provide that information to our partners or use that information in marketing or promotional items. We may also provide aggregate information to our partners, who may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our Services. However, except as described below, we do not disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally, as an individual.

**Advertisers:** We may allow advertisers and/or merchant partners ("Advertisers") to choose the users who will see their advertisements and/or promotional offers. You agree that we may provide any of the information we have collected from you in non-personally identifiable form to an Advertiser, in order for that Advertiser to select the appropriate audience for those advertisements and/or offers. For example, we might use the fact you are located in San Francisco to show you ads or offers for San Francisco businesses, but we will not tell such businesses who you are. In addition to the foregoing, if you have not opted out of our targeted advertising feature as described below, you agree that we may share your personally identifiable information with Advertisers in order to deliver specific targeted advertising or offers to you ("Targeted Advertising"). For example, we might share with our Advertisers the fact that a moisture sensor that you have connected to our Services has detected a flood in order to show you ads or offers for local plumbing services. If we enable Targeted Advertising for our users by default, you will be able to opt out of Targeted Advertising at any time by changing your personal settings.

We may deliver a file to you through the Services (known as a "web beacon") from an ad network. Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network's servers, these companies can view, edit, or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their site.

**Partners, Affiliated Businesses and Third Party Websites We Do Not Control:** In certain situations, partners, businesses or third party websites we're affiliated with ("Affiliated Businesses") may sell items or provide services to you through the Services (either alone or jointly with us), including reselling or providing SmartThings devices free of charge, providing third party devices, or delivering unique or custom SmartApps. You can recognize when an Affiliated Business is associated with such a transaction or service based on the presence of their brand or a transaction you are conducting directly with that Affiliated Business. We will share your Personal Information with that Affiliated Business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction or service, and to the extent that you have explicitly accepted incremental terms with that Affiliated Business whereby you acknowledge and authorize us to share your Personal Information. These incremental terms may be presented as part of promotional offers (either on the Affiliated Businesses' site or on SmartThings-branded properties including our commerce site at shop.smartthings.com, or within customized setup steps that appear in the Services. We have no control over the policies and practices of Affiliated Businesses as to privacy or anything else, so if you choose to take part in any transaction or service relating to an Affiliated Business, please review all such business' or websites' policies. If you decide you no longer want to share Personal Information with an Affiliated Business, you may no longer be entitled to receive certain benefits from the Affiliated Business or have access to the Services without establishing a new account or relationship with SmartThings.

**Agents:** We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.

**User Profiles and Submissions:** Certain user profile information, including without limitation a user’s name, location, and any content that such user has uploaded to the Services, may be displayed to other users to facilitate user interaction within the Services or address your request for SmartThings’s services. Your account privacy settings may allow you to limit the other users who can see the Personal Information in your user profile and/or what information in your user profile is visible to others. Any content you upload to your public user profile, along with any Personal Information or content that you voluntarily disclose online in a manner other users can view (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, etc.) becomes publicly available, and can be collected and used by others. Your user name may also be displayed to other users if and when you send messages or comments or upload content through the Services and other users can contact you through messages and comments. Additionally, if you sign into the Services through a third party social networking site or service, your list of "friends" from that site or service may be automatically imported to the Services, and such "friends,"" if they are also registered users of the Services, may be able to access certain non-public information you have entered in your Services user profile. Again, we do not control the policies and practices of any other third party site or service.

**Business Transfers:** We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that would be transferred. Also, if we (or our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business, enter bankruptcy, or go through some other change of control, Personal Information would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.

**Protection of SmartThings and Others:** We reserve the right to access, read, preserve, and disclose any information that we reasonably believe is necessary to comply with law or court order; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of SmartThings, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

##### Is personal information about me secure?

Your account is protected by a password or a PIN number for your privacy and security. If you access your account via a third party site or service, you may have additional or different sign-on protections via that third party site or service. You must prevent unauthorized access to your account and Personal Information by selecting and protecting your password, PIN number and/or other sign-on mechanism appropriately and limiting access to your computer or device and browser or application by signing off after you have finished accessing your account.

We endeavor to protect the privacy of your account and other Personal Information we hold in our records, but we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time.

The Services may contain links to other sites or applications. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When following a link to another site you should read that site’s privacy policy..

##### What Personal Information can I access?

Through your account and Service settings, you may be able to access, and, in some cases, edit or delete the following information you’ve provided to us, which may include:

  * name and password/PIN number
  * shipping address
  * billing address
  * credit card information
  * email address
  * location, group and device information
  * user profile information
  * SmartApp information



The information you can view, update, and delete may change as the Services change. If you have any questions about viewing or updating information we have on file about you, please contact us at [support@smartthings.com](mailto:support@smartthings.com). Under California Civil Code Sections 1798.83-1798.84, California residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of Personal Information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. If you are a California resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request to:

SmartThings, Inc.  
456 University Ave, Suite 200  
Palo Alto, CA 94301

##### What choices do I have?

You can always opt not to disclose information to use, but keep in mind some information may be needed to register with us or to take advantage of some of our special features or the Services in any form.

You may be able to add, update, or delete information as explained above. When you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. You may request deletion of your account by emailing us at [support@smartthings.com](mailto:support@smartthings.com). Please note that some information may remain in our records after your deletion of such information from your account. We may use any anonymized or aggregated data derived from or incorporating your Personal Information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.

##### What if I have questions about this policy?

If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message to [support@smartthings.com](mailto:support@smartthings.com), and we will try to resolve your concerns. 

##### What if I logged in with my Samsung account?

If you have accessed the Services via your account with Samsung Electronics Co., Ltd. (“Samsung”), your use of the Services and any information collected by the Services shall be further subject to this Privacy Policy. In the event of any express conflict between the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy and the then-current Samsung Privacy Policy, the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy shall govern solely with respect to that conflict. 
