> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the smarterhouseholds.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140426182117id_/http%3A//www.smarterhouseholds.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Smarter Households | Privacy Policy

PRIVACY POLICY — THIS IS IMPORTANT — PLEASE TAKE THE TIME TO READ 

Our privacy policy discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. We will notify you of changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new policy on this website. Review our Privacy Policy regularly so that you can stay informed of our practices, as they may change in the future. 

Please note that you are accepting the terms of this Privacy Policy when you opt-in to this sites Terms and Conditions, when you visit our site, and/or send us information. Your assent to these practices is essential for us to continue operating this website, including the services it provides. Similarly, we need you to provide accurate personal information so that you can be contacted and receive the information you request. You can opt-out and decide not to provide the requested personal information. However, by doing so, you will not receive the information and/or service you are requesting. You can also opt-out after you have sent us your personal information by clicking here to Unsubscribe. 

The personal information we collect includes your name, mobile phone number, zip code, e-mail address, postal address, date of birth and gender. Other personal information that you submit is clearly labeled at the time you submit it. We use the information that we collect to provide our services, contact you regarding new promotions, and to improve our site. We also use this information—directly, indirectly, and in combination with data we exchange with other parties—to introduce you to informational, service, and/or product offerings of findlocaljobsnow.com. and/or its subsidiaries, affiliated companies, partners, select unaffiliated companies, assigns, and/or brands that are owned by, licensed by, and/or partnering with findlocaljobsnow.com (collectively, “Our Companies”). We do this by transferring, licensing, and/or sharing your personal information with Our Companies and hope you will be interested in the marketing materials and/or promotions with which you are presented. Our Companies also transfer, and/or share your personal information with unaffiliated list brokers, affiliate marketers, and/or companies that want to advertise other products and/or services. Once a third-party obtains your personal information, its subsequent use is controlled by the business practices of the third party, which is beyond our control. 

Please note that Our Companies will use the telephone number you submit to contact you by voice and/or text message. By providing your telephone number, you expressly consent to receiving telephone calls and text messages from Our Companies, regardless of whether you have registered the number on the FTC’s “Do Not Call” Registry. Expect to receive several calls and/or text messages that follow-up on your initial request. Similarly, by providing your telephone number, you expressly consent to receiving calls from any entity to which we transfer your personal information. 

This website, websites linking to this website, and websites linked from this website (collectively “We”) may make available a service either directly or through third parties by which you can receive messages on your wireless device via short message service (“SMS Service”). Your provider’s standard data and messaging rates apply to all SMS correspondence. All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider. You represent that you are 18 years of age and the owner or authorized user of the wireless device on which messages will be received, and that you are authorized to approve the applicable charges. Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS Service may include your name, address, cell phone number, your provider’s name, and the date, time, and content of your messages. The use of this information will be in accordance with this Mobile Policy. If fees are charged to your wireless account invoice, we may provide your carrier with your applicable information in connection therewith. Your wireless carrier and other service providers may also collect data about your wireless device usage, and their practices are governed by their own policies. You acknowledge and agree that the SMS Service is provided via wireless systems which use radios (and other means) to transmit communications over complex networks. We will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages, as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator. SMS message services are provided on an AS IS basis. We do not guarantee that your use of the SMS Service will be private or secure, and we are not liable to you for any lack of privacy or security you may experience. You are fully responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the SMS Service. You may opt out of the SMS Service at any time by replying “STOP”, “END”, or “QUIT” to the SMS text message you have received. This process impacts only the future delivery of the particular SMS message offering, so you must send that message for each offering. 

When submitting any information on our website you expressly authorize Our Companies to use your personal information as explained in this privacy policy, and you consent to receiving commercial email from Our Companies. You can expect to receive offers regarding specific products and/or services, newsletters, sweepstakes announcements, promotions, and other similar offers. Should you wish to discontinue receiving these e-mailings simply unsubscribe using the link in the email you receive. 

We automatically collect certain information from visitors to, the site, such as Internet addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring and exit page, operating system, timestamps, and clickstream data. We also track and analyze non-identifying and aggregate usage and volume statistical information from our visitors and customers. This information is logged to help diagnose technical problems, and to administer our site so that we can constantly improve it. 

We may also collect any information you send us or post on our site into a file specific to you. We use this information to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems, and enforce our customer agreements. 

We take measures to prevent the loss, misuse, and alteration of your information by carefully limiting access to the database in which your personal information is stored. We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. For example, we may disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of wrongful conduct. 

This website is directed at teenagers and adults and not to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, nor do we knowingly distribute such information. We do not knowingly allow children under the age of 13 to publicly post or otherwise distribute personally identifiable contact information through our website. Similarly, because we do not collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, we do not condition the participation of a child under 13 in activities on providing personally identifiable information. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received personally identifiable information from someone under the age of 13, we will delete such information from our records. If we change our practices in the future, we will obtain prior, verifiable parental consent before collecting any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. 

Contact us at the address below if you want us to change or delete any information that we have about you. We will respond to your request to access, update, or delete your information within ten (10) business days. Before we are able to provide you with any information, correct any inaccuracies, or delete any information, however, we may ask you to verify your identity.
