> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tvbeurope.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-10-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081002010141id_/http%3A//tvbeurope.com/index.php%3Foption%3Dcom_content%26task%3Dview%26id%3D21%26Itemid%3D38) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TVBEurope - Europe's television technology business magazine - Privacy Policy

  


#### CUSTOMER PRIVACY POLICY

This Customer Privacy Policy governs the collection and use of personal information relating to potential and existing customers of CMP Information Limited by the company and its international affiliates (collectively “CMP”).

CMP is committed to abiding by this Customer Privacy Policy, as well as the requirements of applicable laws, in the operation of its business. Please read this policy carefully as it explains the kinds of personal information we collect about you and how it is handled.

By your continued use of our services (including our web sites), you consent to the collection and use of your personal information for the purposes set out in this Customer Privacy Policy.

#### COLLECTION AND USE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

We will generally let you know at the time of collection how we intend to use your personal information. Usually, we collect personal information about you which we require to respond to your inquires for payment processing and for the provision of goods and services to you. We also process your personal information where we are required to do so by law, and for the exercise or defence of legal claims. 

From time to time, we may contact you for research purposes, or to tell you about our special offers and other services in accordance with your contact preferences. Where appropriate, we will obtain your consent to do so. Personal information collected from you may include your name, payment processing information, postal address, email address, landline or mobile telephone number, delivery details as well as other non sensitive personal information. If you use our web sites, we may also collect information about you or your computer when you browse to allow you to use the services available.

#### WEBSITE USAGE & COOKIES

If you are using our web sites, we will use your personal information to help you to log on to your account and into restricted areas of our web sites and to permit future use of the web sites. We may use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, or to administer our web sites. We may conduct analyses of user traffic to measure the use of our sites and to improve the content of our web sites and our services. These analyses will be performed through the use of IP addresses and cookies. We may also use cookies to enable the signing in process after you have registered with us and to provide you with more tailored information when you return to our web sites. 

A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer’s hard drive by your web browser. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but usually you can alter the settings of your browser to prevent automatic acceptance. If you reject the use of cookies please note that the efficient operation of the web site that you are using may be affected. Most of the advertisements that you see on the web sites are generated by third parties who may use cookies to track viewing of their advertisements and for other purposes specified in their own privacy policies. 

We have no access to or control over these cookies (although we may use statistical information provided to us – not containing personal information – arising from these third party cookies to improve the targeting of advertisements to you and other users of the web sites). You can obtain further information about third party privacy policies or disable their cookies by visiting their web sites.

#### THIRD PARTY ADVERTISEMENTS

We will only disclose personal information about you internally and to third parties for processing purposes associated with payment processing, the supply of goods and services, for web site administration, or elsewhere when you have consented to such disclosures, or where such disclosures are required or permitted by law. These third parties we contractually bound only to use personal information to perform the services that we hire them to provide. Where you have agreed that we may do so, we may lease or rent your personal information to selected third parties for their postal or telephone marketing use.

#### TRANSFER OF DATA

Third party data processors, advertisers, exhibitors and other such business relationships outside of the EEA, are required to take adequate technical and organisational safeguards to protect personal information. We also take measures to ensure that personal information transferred by us outside of the EEA is adequately protected.

#### VIRTUAL PRODUCTS

In the case of your use of one of our virtual products e.g. Building Careers Show, we will pass the information you provided to us to 3rd parties. Generally this will be via a process whereby you, as the user, choose to give your digital business card to a 3rd party eg: virtual exhibition. However, in some instances our virtual shows are sponsored and, in such cases the data you provided to us will be given to the sponsor. Generally we will let you know at the time of collection if a show is sponsored.

#### SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION

We use administrative, technical, and physical measures to safeguard personal information against loss, theft and unauthorised uses, access or modifications. Certain areas of our web sites may be password protected. If you are a user of our web sites and have a password, you can help to preserve your privacy by ensuring that you do not share your password with anyone else.

Payments made via our web sites are processed in a secure environment using software provided by Verifone or other third party providers.

We take steps to regularly validate the personal information we hold to ensure that the information is accurate and, where necessary, up to date. Information that is no longer required for any valid business purpose, and that we are not required to keep pursuant to any applicable law, will be routinely destroyed by secure means.

#### MAKING AUTOMATED DECISIONS

We do not ordinarily use personal information for the purposes of automated decision making. However, may do so in order to fulfil compelling obligations imposed by law, in which case we will inform of any such processing and provide you with an opportunity to object.

#### ACCESS TO PERSONAL INFORMATION

You may renew and update personal information that we hold about you by contacting us as detailed below.

#### CONTACTING US

If you have any questions about this privacy policy, you can email at [dpa@cmpinformation.com](mailto:dpa@cmpinformation.com) or write to the Data Protection Co-ordinator, Audience & Data Group, CMP Information Ltd, FREEPOST LON 15637, Tonbridge TN9 1BR. Freephone 0800 279 0357. Please note that calls to this number may be recorded and monitored to maintain customer service standards and to assist staff training.

#### CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY

We reserve the right to add to or amend this privacy policy at our sole discretion, without prior notice to you. Please review our privacy policy on a regular basis to make sure you have read the latest version and you understand what we do with your personal information. Your continued use of our services or our web sites following the posting of changes to these terms means that you consent to those changes.

**This version of the privacy policy is effective as of 2nd April 2008**

 
