> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the womeninventorznetwork.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130603033302id_/http%3A//womeninventorznetwork.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Women Inventorz Network Privacy Policy

| 

##  **W.I.N. Privacy Policy**

**Women Inventorz Network, LLC** (W.I.N.) has developed various content management, retail and distribution services to facilitate the promotion and sale of online content (the “Women Inventorz Network Service”). This Women Inventorz Network privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) was developed to help you understand more about Women Inventorz Network’s privacy practices, and describes the collection, use, and disclosure of various information Women Inventorz Network may collect from you with respect to your use of the Women Inventorz Network Service and the Women Inventorz Network web properties (“Women Inventorz Network Websites”).  By using the Women Inventorz Network Service and/or Women Inventorz Network Websites, you agree to the following:

DEFINITIONS

** The following defined terms shall have the meanings set forth below:**

“Financial Information” means information relating to payments and billing (e.g. name, account information, billing address) provided in connection with your use of Women Inventorz Network Service.  All Financial Information collected is for billing and payment purposes only and may be protected and administered by Women Inventorz Network and Women Inventorz Network’s authorized third party partners.

“Non-Personal Information” means information that, by itself, does not identify a specific individual or entity (e.g. demographic information, usage data or downloads).

“Personal Information” means specific identifiable information about an individual or entity which may be used to identify, contact or locate that person or entity (e.g. name, mailing address, e-mail address or phone number).

What Information Is Collected

Information You Provide. Women Inventorz Network may receive and store any Personal Information, Financial Information and/or Non-Personal Information that you provide during the use of any Services. Sometimes, you will have a choice whether or not to provide information, but if you fail to provide certain information it could make some features and/or functionality of the Women Inventorz Network Service unavailable to you. Women Inventorz Network will use information you provide to respond to your requests, communicate with you, and to improve the Women Inventorz Network Service. Here are some examples:

a)  User Account Information The information you provide in setting up your User Account with Women Inventorz Network may include, without limitation, your name, login, e-mail address, physical address, payment information, phone number, password, computer and connection information such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform.

b)  E-mail Communications.  Women Inventorz Network may use your Personal Information to send e-mails periodically describing promotions, events or changes relating to the Women Inventorz Network Service or Women Inventorz Network Websites. You may opt-out of receiving promotional e-mails by following the instructions in the relevant correspondence.  Once Women Inventorz Network has processed your opt-out request, Women Inventorz Network will not send you further promotional e-mails unless you opt back in to receiving such communications.  Whether you opt out of receiving promotional e-mails or not, Women Inventorz Network reserves the right to communicate with you via e-mail with respect to important information, notices or changes arising out of or relating to the Women Inventorz Network Service and/or the Women Inventorz Network Websites.

c) Other Information. You may provide information whenever you interact with the Women Inventorz Network Service including, without limitation, when you search, upload, organize, create, buy, post, participate in a contest, survey or questionnaire, place an order, update information in your User Account, provide corporate, employer or other business information, communicate with Women Inventorz Network by phone, e-mail, or otherwise, use community features, and share information with other users. With any of these actions, you might supply Women Inventorz Network with information such as your name, address, and phone number, credit card information, third party information, alternate contact information, information about your use of the Women Inventorz Network Service and Women Inventorz Network Websites, personal descriptions, product descriptions, and in some cases, financial information including Social Security and driver's license numbers.

Information Collected Automatically or Through Technology. Women Inventorz Network may receive and store certain Personal Information and Non-Personal Information whenever you interact with Women Inventorz Network. While you are able to visit the Women Inventorz Network Websites and remain anonymous, Women Inventorz Network and/or its third party service providers may still collect Personal Information and Non-Personal Information through technological means. Such information may be gathered by the following methods:

a) Cookies. Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive which work by assigning to your computer a unique number that has no meaning outside of the Women Inventorz Network Websites. Cookies do not generally contain any Personal Information. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually configure your browser to prevent this. However, because cookies enable you to take advantage of some of the Women Inventorz Network Service features, Women Inventorz Network recommends that you leave them turned on or you may not have access or use of such features.

b) Metadata. Metadata is data collected and used by Women Inventorz Network to facilitate the understanding, characteristics, and management of data arising out of or relating to the Women Inventorz Network Service, to facilitate and monitor system usage and, in certain instances, for fraud prevention and other services. Some examples of information and metadata that Women Inventorz Network may collect and analyze include, without limitation, the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, computer and connection information (such as browser type, version, and time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system, and platform), Women Inventorz Network Service usage history (which Women Inventorz Network may use to create new and improved features for the Women Inventorz Network Service), the full Uniform Resource Locator (URL) click sequence to, through, and from the Women Inventorz Network Websites, including date and time; cookie number; and any products, services or features you use or interact with arising out of or in connection with your use of the Women Inventorz Network Service.

c) Tools. Women Inventorz Network may use software tools to measure and collect information about your use of the Women Inventorz Network Service, including page response times, upload and file transfer errors, interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), features use, and methods. Sometimes, you will have a choice whether or not to provide information, but if you fail to provide certain information it could make some features and/or functionality of the Women Inventorz Network Service unavailable to you. Women Inventorz Network will use information you provide to respond to your requests, communicate with you, and to improve the Women Inventorz Network Service.

d) Information from Other Sources. Women Inventorz Network might receive information about you from Women Inventorz Network third party service providers, or other sources such as purchase or redemption information, Women Inventorz Network Service usage, payment information, reporting information page-view information, technical, fulfillment, advertising, search information and credit history information.

How Information Is Used, SHARED AND DISCLOSED

Women Inventorz Network uses Personal, Non-Personal and Financial Information, among other things, to analyze and monitor system performance, analyze internal business systems, improve Women Inventorz Network Service, fulfill requests for additional products and services, contact you, and conduct research. The use and protection of information from users of the Women Inventorz Network Service is an important component of Women Inventorz Network’s business. Except as otherwise as set forth in this section, Women Inventorz Network will use reasonable efforts to provide you with notice when your information might be provided to third parties and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information in many cases. Examples of how Women Inventorz Network shares and discloses your information is as follows:

 a)      Legal . Women Inventorz Network will use information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, other facets of the legal process or to establish/exercise Women Inventorz Network’s legal rights or defend against legal claims. Women Inventorz Network will share Personal Information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Women Inventorz Network's Terms of Use or as otherwise required by law.

 b)     Business Transfers . As Women Inventorz Network continues to develop its business and new products and features, Women Inventorz Network might reorganize as a business entity, acquire entities, subsidiaries, or business units, or enter into joint ventures with third parties. In any of these types of transactions, your information may be one of the transferred business assets but will remain subject to any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless you consent otherwise). In the event that all or substantially all of Women Inventorz Network’s assets are acquired or Women Inventorz Network merges with a third party, your information will likely be one of the transferred assets. You understand and agree that Women Inventorz Network reserves the right to transfer any information collected from you in the case of any such transfer. In such event, Women Inventorz Network will use reasonable efforts to notify you before Personal Information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. .

 c)      Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control . Women Inventorz Network may develop products, provide services, or sell product lines jointly with third party businesses, and in these cases Women Inventorz Network may share your information related to those transactions with such third party. In other situations, Women Inventorz Network might use third-party companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, processing payments, hosting, data storage, sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. Women Inventorz Network will provide such entities with access to certain information needed to perform their functions, but will take measures to ensure that they may not use it for other purposes. Women Inventorz Network shares information only as described above and third parties that are either subject to this Privacy Policy or to a privacy policy at least as protective as this Privacy Policy.

 d)     With Your Consent . In other situations, if you provide consent with respect to the use and/or sharing of your information, Women Inventorz Network will do so in accordance with the particular circumstances.

Security

While no security system is completely secure, Women Inventorz Network takes appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access or disclosure of the information it collects; this includes, but not limited to, ensuring that all Personal and Financial Information is disclosed only on a “need to know” basis and stored in physically secured environments.

Despite Women Inventorz Network’s efforts, you also play an important role in protecting against unauthorized access to your User Account information, password and computer. Women Inventorz Network recommends that you always log out of your User Account if you leave your computer unattended and/or are using a shared computer

.

Advertising

Women Inventorz Network may utilize advertising and advertising-relating features in the Women Inventorz Network Service, on the Women Inventorz Network Websites or on third party sites advertising the Women Inventorz Network Service. Such advertising and advertising services may contain cookies that recognize your computer each time you receive an online advertisement. In this way, ad servers may compile information about where you (or others who are using your computer) saw their advertisements and determine which ads are clicked on. This information allows an ad network to deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. Women Inventorz Network will not provide any Personally Identifiable Information or Financial Information to these advertisers or third-party websites. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers, and Women Inventorz Network encourages you to review the applicable advertiser’s website for their privacy policy. Women Inventorz Network may also display personalized third-party advertising based on your personal information, such as use of the Women Inventorz Network Service and Women Inventorz Network Websites  
  
Special Notice Children Under Age 13

Women Inventorz Network does not knowingly collect Personal Information from persons under the age of 18 or allow them to register a User Account, and if you are under the age of 18, you must not attempt to register with Women Inventorz Network and/or submit any Personal Information to us. If it comes to Women Inventorz Network’s attention that Personal Information has been collected from a person under the age of 18, Women Inventorz Network will delete this information as quickly as possible. If you believe that Women Inventorz Network may have Personal Information from or about a child under the age of 18, please contact Women Inventorz Network at the e-mail address below. If Women Inventorz Network learns that a Minor is using the Jivox Properties, Jivox will require verified parental or guardian consent, in accordance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998 ("COPPA"). 

 INFORMATION YOU CAN ACCESS 

Women Inventorz Network will use reasonable efforts to provide you with access to a broad range of information about your User Account and your use of the Women Inventorz Network Service and Women Inventorz Network Websites. You may use this information for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information, reviewing use and performance of your content and/or services.

CONDITIONS OF USE/Changes to this Privacy Policy

In choosing to use Women Inventorz Network Service and Women Inventorz Network Websites, you agree that any dispute arising out of or relating to the use of your information as described herein is subject to Use of Terms, including limitation of Women Inventorz Network’s liability, limitation of damages, resolution of disputes, jurisdiction and venue. If you have any concern about privacy with respect to Women Inventorz Network Inc., the Women Inventorz Network Service or the Women Inventorz Network Websites, please contact Women Inventorz Network with a thorough description of your issue, and Women Inventorz Network will try to resolve it. Women Inventorz Network’s business is constantly evolving, and our Privacy Notice and the Terms of Use will likely change also. Women Inventorz Network may e-mail you periodically reminding you of certain important notices and conditions, unless you have opted out of receiving such communication. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Women Inventorz Network encourages you to review both the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use at the Women Inventorz Network Websites frequently to make yourself aware of recent changes.

CONTACT US

If you have questions regarding how Women Inventorz Network protects your information or this Privacy Policy, please contact Women Inventorz Network at [info@womeninventorznetwork.com.](mailto:info@womeninventorznetwork.com?subject=privacy%20policy)

  


| 
