> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the californiapsychics.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-01-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160122232032id_/https%3A//www.californiapsychics.com/mobile/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# California Psychics

**Outlook Amusements Privacy Policy  
Last Updated: June 4, 2015 **

Outlook Amusements, Inc. ("Outlook") values your trust and is committed to the responsible management, use and protection of personally identifiable information. This Privacy Policy describes how Outlook collects and uses the personally identifiable information you provide on our Web site [www.californiapsychics.com](http://www.californiapsychics.com/) ("Site"), and explains our online information collection and use practices. It also explains the choices you can make about the way we use and share such information. Please take the time to read and understand this policy so that you can understand how we use your personally identifiable information. 

The TRUSTe program covers only information that is collected through the Site and does not cover information that may be collected through software downloaded from the Site. 

_If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at_ [privacy@californiapsychics.com](mailto:privacy@californiapsychics.com). If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact [TRUSTe here](http://watchdog.truste.com/pvr.php?page=complaint). 

**U.S-E.U. Safe Harbor Program**  
Outlook complies with the U.S. – E.U. Safe Harbor framework and the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Outlook has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Outlook’s certification, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>. 

**FOR ENTERTAINMENT ONLY  
THIS SERVICE IS FOR ENTERTAINMENT PURPOSES ONLY. YOU MUST BE EIGHTEEN YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER TO USE THE PREMIUM AREAS OF THIS SERVICE. ALL CREDIT CARD PURCHASES MUST BE MADE BY THE CARD HOLDER. WE WANT YOU TO ENJOY AND BENEFIT FROM YOUR READING, AND OUR PSYCHICS MAKE EVERY EFFORT TO PROVIDE YOU WITH HELPFUL ADVICE. HOWEVER, THIS INFORMATION SHOULD NOT BE USED IN PLACE OF ANY RECOMMENDATIONS BY MEDICAL, LEGAL, OR FINANCIAL PROFESSIONALS OR OTHER PROFESSIONAL COUNSELORS. IT IS YOUR RESPONSIBILITY TO EVALUATE ANY INFORMATION, OPINION, ADVICE OR OTHER CONTENT AVAILABLE THROUGH OUR SITE. **

**The Information We Collect.**  
Through our Site you can do a variety of things. You may be able to talk to a psychic, enter contests, participate in surveys, subscribe to a service (like our horoscopes), take quizzes, post to message boards, or participate in a chat room. The types of personally identifiable information (i.e., information that can directly identify you or indicate where you might be contacted) that may be collected on these pages includes: name, address, age, date of birth, gender, e-mail address, telephone number, fax number, credit card information, and information about your interests in and use of various services. We do not ask for, access, or track any location-based information from your mobile device at any time while downloading or using our mobile services. 

**How We Use the Information.**  
We will use the personally identifiable information you provide online for the purpose(s) you have submitted. For example, if you sign up for horoscopes we will send you horoscopes, or if you have entered and won a contest we will send you an email notification that you have won. In addition, we may send you an e-mail offering products or services which we think you may be interested in or to ask you to participate in a survey. If you want us to stop using the personally identifiable information you provided in these ways, please contact us at [Privacy@californiapsychics.com](mailto:Privacy@californiapsychics.com). 

**Use of Anonymous Information.**  
We sometimes use the non-personally identifiable information that we collect to improve the design and content of our Site and to enable us to personalize your Internet experience. We also may use this information in the aggregate to analyze how our Site is used, as well as to offer you products, programs or services. We may also share aggregate information with others, including affiliated companies and non-affiliated companies. 

**How We Share Your Personally Identifiable Information.**  
We will share your personally identifiable information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this Privacy Policy. We do not sell your personally identifiable information to third parties. We will not share the personal information you provide except:   
(a) if it is for the purpose(s) you provided it; (b) with your consent; (c) as may be required by law or as we think necessary to protect our company or others from injury (e.g., in response to a court order or subpoena, in response to a law enforcement agency request, when we believe that someone is causing (or about to cause) injury to or interference with the rights or property of another, or when we believe that someone has violated our [Terms and Conditions](http://www.californiapsychics.com/about/Terms-of-Service.aspx)); (d) with other persons or companies with whom we contract to carry out internal site operations or our business activities (e.g., third party contractors - see below); and/or (e) notifying you when we make changes to one of our subscriber agreements or this Privacy Policy. 

As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy subsidiaries, affiliates, or other business units. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Policy (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). The personally identifiable information you provide is considered a company asset and may be included among transferred assets if Outlook, any or all of its subsidiaries or affiliates, or any of their assets, is ever acquired by a third party. You will be notified via e-mail and/or a prominent notice on our Site of any change in ownership or uses of your personally identifiable information as well as any choices you have regarding your personally identifiable information. 

**Sharing with Service Providers**  
Our operations and maintenance contractors sometimes have limited access to your personally identifiable information in the course of providing products or services to Outlook. These contractors include vendors and suppliers that provide us various products and services, including, but not limited to, credit card processing, e-mail distribution technology, live operator services, and/or content for the operation and maintenance of our Site. Access to your personally identifiable information by these contractors is limited to the information reasonably necessary for the contractor to perform its limited function for Outlook. We also contractually require that our operations and maintenance contractors 1) protect the privacy of your personally identifiable information consistent with this Privacy Policy, and 2) not use or disclose your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than providing us with products and services as required by law. 

**Our Psychics/Your Privacy**  
Note that our psychics are independent contractors and not employed directly by Outlook. We contractually require that our psychics protect the privacy of your personally identifiable information consistent with this Privacy Policy and not use or disclose your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than providing you with the services you request through the Site or by phone. You should also take care to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy. There is no reason that you should provide any of our psychics with personal contact information, specific financial information, including, but not limited to, account numbers, or other confidential information related to your identity. It is a violation of our [Terms of Use](http://www.californiapsychics.com/about/Terms-of-Service.aspx) for you to be in direct contact with any of our psychics outside the online service – if you do so, Outlook bears no liability for any resulting actions, and your ability to use our services may be revoked. 

**How You Can Access or Correct Your Personally Identifiable Information.**  
If your personally identifiable information changes, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, amend, or remove it by making the change on our [member account page](https://www.californiapsychics.com/mobile/account-settings.html) or by emailing our Customer Support at [Privacy@californiapsychics.com](mailto:Privacy@californiapsychics.com) or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request within 30 days. To protect your privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps to help verify your identity before granting access or making corrections. 

If you wish to subscribe to our newsletters or other periodic emails such as daily horoscopes, we will use your name and email address to send the emails to you. Out of respect for your privacy, you may choose to stop receiving our newsletter or marketing emails by following the unsubscribe instructions included in these emails, by accessing the email preferences in your account settings page by [clicking here](https://www.californiapsychics.com/mobile/subscription-settings.html), or you can contact us at [Privacy@californiapsychics.com](mailto:Privacy@californiapsychics.com). You can view or change your subscription preferences at any time. 

**Retention of Your Data**  
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 

**Information Security**  
Outlook is committed to handling your customer information with high standards of information security. We maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations and generally accepted standards to guard your nonpublic personally identifiable information, both during transmission and once we receive it. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). 

No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Site, you can contact us at [Privacy@californiapsychics.com](mailto:Privacy@californiapsychics.com). 

**Cookies**  
Technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Outlook and our advertising partners, marketing affiliates, and analytics providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the Site, tracking users’ movements around the Site, and gathering demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. 

We use cookies to recall your specific information when you return to the Site for authentication (e.g., name, phone number, birthday) and to personalize your experience on the Site. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Site may be limited. 

**Log Files**  
As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve the services we offer you, including to improve site functionality and marketing. 

**Local Storage Objects (Flash/HTML5)**  
We use Local Storage Objects (LSOs) such as HTML5 to store basic profile information, including logged-in state, display name, astrological sign and account balance information. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LSOs such as HTML 5 or Flash to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSOs. To manage Flash LSOs please click [here](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html): <http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html>

**Behavioral Targeting**  
We partner with third party ad networks to display advertising on our Site and to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partners use cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on our Site and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out of having this information used for such purposes by certain ad networks by clicking [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp), or by visiting <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>. Please note that you may not be able to opt out of being served targeted advertising from certain ad networks, and you also will continue to receive generic ads. At the present time we do not respond to internet browsers do not track signals. 

**Discussions and Community Tools; Blog.**  
Our Site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. To provide comments on our blog you will may to sign in or create an account with our third party blog vendor. _To request removal of your personally identifiable information from our blogs or community forums, contact us at_  [Privacy@californiapsychics.com](mailto:Privacy@californiapsychics.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personally identifiable information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why. 

**Testimonials**  
We display personal testimonials of customers on our Site in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at [Privacy@californiapsychics.com](mailto:Privacy@californiapsychics.com). 

**Links to 3rd Party Sites**  
Our Site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Outlook. If you submit personally identifiable information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit. 

**Social Media Widgets**  
Pages on our Site include social media features, such as the Facebook Like and Share buttons, and other widgets and interactive mini-programs that run on our Site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. 

**Send to a Friend**  
If you choose to use our referral function to tell a friend about our Site, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site. Outlook stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at [Privacy@californiapsychics.com](mailto:Privacy@californiapsychics.com) to request that we remove this information from our database. 

**Special Note for Parents.**  
Our Site is not intended for use by children under the age of 16. Outlook does not knowingly collect or store personally identifiable information from children under the age of 16. Premium services may not be used by anyone under the age of 18. If you have concerns about our Site or the services offered on our Site, or if you believe that your child under 16 has gained access to our Site, you may contact us at [Privacy@californiapsychics.com](mailto:Privacy@californiapsychics.com). 

**Material Changes**  
Our business needs may change from time to time and we reserve the right to make changes to our Privacy Policy. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We will not materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers. 

If intended uses differ from this Privacy Policy, we will seek to obtain your consent at the place where the information is collected either by an "opt-in" or "opt-out" method, or by other means (such as sending to you an e-mail). 

If we make any material changes we will notify you by e-mail (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on our Site prior to the change becoming effective. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. 

**How to Contact Us.   **  
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy you may e-mail [Privacy@californiapsychics.com](mailto:Privacy@californiapsychics.com) or write to the following address:  
EU Safe Harbor Team  
2900 W Alameda, Suite 400  
Burbank, CA 91505 

**YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS**  
Outlook collects various types of personally identifiable information about you, both online and offline, during the course of our business relationship. Under California law, if you are a resident of California, you may make a written request to Outlook for information about how we have shared your personally identifiable information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the prior calendar year, as well as a list of categories of information shared. For purposes of this California Privacy Rights notice, third parties include companies within our "family" of companies, such as those companies we own, that own us, or under common control with us. 

Under the law, a business is not required to provide the above-described lists if the business adopts and discloses to the public (in its [Privacy Policy](https://www.californiapsychics.com/mobile/privacy.html)) a policy of not disclosing customer personally identifiable information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless the customer first affirmatively agrees to the disclosure, as long as the business maintains and discloses this policy. Rather, the business may comply with the law by notifying the customer of his or her right to prevent disclosure of personally identifiable information and by providing a cost-free means to exercise that right. 

As stated in our [Privacy Policy](https://www.californiapsychics.com/mobile/privacy.html), we do not share information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes unless you affirmatively agree to such disclosure – for example, by opting in to receive information from a third party that is participating in a sweepstakes or other promotion on our Site. If you do ask us to share your information with a third party for its marketing purposes, we will only share information in connection with that specific promotion, as we do not share information with any third party on a continual basis. To prevent disclosure of your personally identifiable information for use in direct marketing by a third party, do not opt in to such use when you provide personally identifiable information on our Site. Please note that whenever you opt in to receive future communications from a third party, your information will be subject to the third party's privacy policy. If you later decide that you do not want that third party to use your information, you will need to contact the third party directly, as we have no control over how third parties use information. You should always review the privacy policy of any party that collects your information to determine how that entity will handle your information. 

California customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing [Privacy@californiapsychics.com](mailto:Privacy@californiapsychics.com). Please note that we are only required to respond to one request per customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this e-mail address. 
