> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the calistyle101.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121004210146id_/http%3A//calistyle101.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome

**CaliStyle101 - Privacy Policy**

 **1\. General:**  
CaliStyle101 is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit CaliStyle101 or use its services ("Services") as further outlined in this policy. As a condition of using the Services of CaliStyle101, you agree to provide CaliStyle101 with certain personal information. This information includes, but not limited to: full name, postal address, phone number and email address as well as your computer's unique IP address (if any) and demographic information (e.g., zip code, postal code, hometown, gender, and age as well as IP addresses that are not unique to your computer). Please note that nowhere on the Site do we knowingly collect contact information or financial information from children under the age of 14. Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may update it from time to time. This privacy policy was last revised on June 8, 2008. Each time you visit CaliStyle101, use the Services, or provide us with information, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy at that time. You agree that by using the Site you are expressly anite you are expressly and affirmatively consenting to our use and disclosure of the information that you provide, and consenting to receive emails, as described below in this privacy policy.

 **2\. Changes to Privacy Policy:**  
This policy may be revised over time as new features are added to the Site or as we incorporate suggestions from our users. If we are going to use or disclose your personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time we collected the information, you will have a choice as to whether or not we use or disclose your information in this new manner. We will also post a notification that the Privacy Policy has been amended prominently on our Web site so that you can always review what information we gather, how we might use that information, and under which conditions we will disclose it to anyone.

 **3\. How Your Information is Used:**  
If you register with the Site, you will provide us with an email address where we may contact you for the purposes described in this paragraph. Contacting you for Offers and Promotions: You agree, in consideration for the use of the Services provided by CaliStyle101, to allow CaliStyle101 to use your personal information to send you marketing and promotional materials. CaliStyle101 may also send you marketing and promotional materials that promote third party products. CaliStyle101 will not rent or sell your personal information for use by third parties. These materials may include, but are not limited to: newsletters providing you with additional information on how to use the Services, and promotional offers for goods and services from CaliStyle101 or third parties. Use of Demographic Information: CaliStyle101 may use your demographic information to perform business analyses or to tailor the Site and communications to your interests. We may share anonymous, aggregated demographic information with advertisers and other third parties so that they can tailor their advertisements and communications to the appropriate audience. Any time that we are allowed under this privacy policy to share your contact information. We may also share your demographic information along with it.

 **4\. Disclosure to Governmental Entities:**  
CaliStyle101 may disclose specific contact information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with law, to cooperate with or seek assistance from law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of CaliStyle101 or other visitors to the site or users of the Services. Also, your contact information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a merger, acquisition, consolidation, divestiture, or a bankruptcy of CaliStyle101.

 **5\. Use of Cookies and Other Site Tracking Data**  
Cookies: A "cookie" is a small file that we save on your computer's hard drive that contains non-personal information. These cookies help to give you faster access to pages you have already visited. They also allow you to personalize your pages, and optimize your experience at our sites. We also use cookies to help us figure out how many people visit our sites, which of our web pages they visit, and how long they stay there. This information helps us figure out which of our web features are highly successful and which sites might need improvement. You can disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but allow you to disable them. Disabling cookies may prevent you from properly using the Services or accessing the site. Session IDs: "Session IDs" allow us to identify a particular user across multiple web page requests. This Session ID is maintained within your cookie file, where possible. If cookies are not enabled, or if The user's internet browser program does not support cookies then CaliStyle101 will place the Session ID in the requested web page. This allows the end user to avoid having to continually re-enter Certain information such as account name and password for every web page request. This Session ID expires whenever the user closes their internet browser.  
Web Site Tracking, Reporting: Many of our web pages also contain special electronic images (called a "single-pixel gif" or "gifs") that allow us to gather only non-personally identifiable traffic statistics and other aggregate information about visitors to our sites. CaliStyle101 (through itself or third parties) uses this technology to collect and accumulate anonymous data that helps us understand and analyze the experience of people visiting our web sites and, along with other information you provide, customize your future visits and improve our web sites. For example, we capture data on the type of browser used, operating system software (e.g. Windows 95 vs. 98 or Macintosh), cookie preferences (whether the user has them turned on or off), and search engine keywords (what key words did a visitor use to get to our site). We also record number of visits,  
paths taken, and time spent on sites and pages within CaliStyle101's web sites. Please keep in mind that none of this information is personally identifiable and that we only distribute this information to internal staff at CaliStyle101.   
IP Address: Each time you visit the Site, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. In order to administer and optimize the Site for you and to diagnose problems with our Site, we use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you.  
Banner Ads: The Services may include the use of ad banner partners for the serving and/or targeting of ads, promotions, and other marketing messages. These ads may be provided, in some cases, by a third party ad service provider. The ad service provider may place or utilize their own unique cookie on your browser, and may use non personally identifiable information about your visit to our sites, such as the number of times you have viewed the ad. CaliStyle101 is not responsible for the collection of these cookies and is not responsible for the actions of the ad service providers.  
CaliStyle101 does not sponsor, endorse or guarantee any products or services advertised by third parties on its site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here:  
http://networkadvertising.org/consumer/opt_out.asp

 **6\. Information from Other Sites**  
CaliStyle101 may place links to other web sites operated by other parties and from time to time may include information and links to third party web sites in our promotional email. Some of these other web sites contain our brand names and trademarks and other intellectual property that we own; others do not. When you click on these links and visit these other web sites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we do not control these other web sites or these other web sites' business practices, and that this privacy policy does not apply to these other web sites. Consequently, the operators of these other web sites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the Site. We encourage you to review their privacy policies and remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions.

 **7\. Non-US Users**  
If you are not a resident of the United States, you understand and agree that CaliStyle101 stores and processes your information on computers located in the United States, and by providing any data to CaliStyle101, you consent to the transfer of such information to the United States.

 **8\. How to Contact Us**  
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy or information that you have submitted to us you can contact us at:  
Email: TheFreebieGuy@calistyle101.com  
Tel: (256) 280 4176 
