> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the callforsex.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-07-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180718173905id_/http%3A//perfectmatch.mobfr.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Untitled Document

Privacy Policy 

Perfectmatch.mobfr.com respects your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to all our related web sites, including 123-voip.com and Perfectmatch.mobfr.com (“Perfectmatch.mobfr.com”) (collectively, the “Sites”). This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect through the Sites, how we use that information, if we disclose such information to any third party and for what purposes and what choices and rights you have.  
The Perfectmatch.mobfr.com site may contain links to other web sites (e.g. Google+, Facebook, ad providers, etc.). However, this Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of any third party company or individual that Perfectmatch.mobfr.com does not control or any web sites that you link to from Perfectmatch.mobfr.com. You should use caution and review the privacy policies of any sites that you visit from ours to learn more about their information and privacy practices.  
By accessing and using the Perfectmatch.mobfr.com site, you agree to the terms and conditions of our Privacy Policy and acknowledge that our policies may evolve in the future as indicated below.

Type of data collected

We are committed to users’ privacy.  We collect and further process personal data of users for allowing them to take full advantage of the features offered when using Perfectmatch.mobfr.com services.  
Upon your initial registration to Perfectmatch.mobfr.com, we collect “Personally Identifiable Information” such as your name, age, gender, country, language, telephone number and e-mail address. In addition, we may collect in various places on this web site other information that can be used to contact you or identify you as an individual (photo, zodiac sign, your favorite social networking site, etc.). From time to time in the future we may offer additional features, services and promotional opportunities that would require you to consent to and submit such Personally Identifiable Information to participate.  
We also collect “Anonymous Information ” such as your IP address, the type of browser you use, the pages on our Sites that you have visited, the advertisements that you have clicked on and how you interact with them. Your Personally Identifiable Information is not linked  to your Anonymous Information.  
Please note that we do not allow children under 18 to use Perfectmatch.mobfr.com or any of our Sites. Thus, we do not solicit or knowingly collect information from children under 18 years old, nor will we accept registration from them.

Cookies

Like most Internet sites, we also use “cookies” to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer and is stored on your hard drive for ensuring communication between your computer and our servers. As such, if you want to use Perfectmatch.mobfr.com features and services, you must first configure your browser to accept cookies and agree to us placing them on your computer, for the purposes below. After registering to Perfectmatch.mobfr.com, you may set your browser to block our cookies, but you should know that your experience with Perfectmatch.mobfr.com will be limited as its services may not function properly if cookies are disabled.  
When you visit any of our Sites, the cookie identifies your computer to us so that you do not have to re-register each time you visit. We may also use cookies to measure the traffic to Perfectmatch.mobfr.com, the use of different services and features of our site and to enable creating profiles for delivering you targeted ads . However, it is important to note that when we use cookies for serving you tailored ads, we will not associate those cookies with any of your sensitive personal data such as those related to race, sexual orientation, health or religion that you might disclose on your page.  
Our partners (such as advertisers) that appear on the Perfectmatch.mobfr.com site may also place their own cookies on your computer for making their ads more effective. But their use of the information stored on those cookies is subject to their own privacy policies. Therefore, you should visit their sites to learn about their information practices, privacy policies and settings. However, such advertisers and/or our other partners do not have access to our cookies.  
You acknowledge that prior to first signing up to Perfectmatch.mobfr.com, we have provided you with clear and comprehensive information on our cookies and the type of your data they might collect and you further have freely given us your informed consent for storing such cookies on your computer. You may at any time revoke such consent, delete the cookies we already placed on your computer and set the browser to block them. However, your account with Perfectmatch.mobfr.com would not function at its outmost in the absence of such cookies.   
We do not use cookies for any other purposes than those already presented in this Terms of Service statement and our Privacy Policy.

Use of collected data

We use the data we collect from you to communicate with you, to customize advertising and content available on the Perfectmatch.mobfr.com site, to conduct research for internal purposes, to use such information for maintaining, improving our current services and features to users, creating innovative ones and, in general, improving user experience with Perfectmatch.mobfr.com.  
We also use it  to determine how people use our web site and its services and to understand online activity. For example, this data tells us information including how often users click on our advertisements, which files are downloaded most frequently, and which areas of our site are the most popular. Analyzing this data allows us to improve the quality of services, the offerings on and performance of our site(s). By using your IP address, we can also determine the general physical location of a user and may at times use this information to better target advertising to users and to allow the geo positioning feature on the site to work.  
The geo positioning feature may be anytime turned off at your choice through the  
page of the site. If you do not turn off the geo location feature on Perfectmatch.mobfr.com, it explicitly means you agree to inform other users of your physical location (city or country).   
We will not send you information about third party products and services that may or may not be of interest to you without your consent. The Privacy Settings  page provides you with more information on what choices you have in relation with your profile on Perfectmatch.mobfr.com and how you may change the settings.

Share of data

Except as noted below, we do not share your Personally Identifiable Information with third parties unless you give us your permission or we need to share such information in order to provide products or services you have requested. If you are an EU citizen, by giving us such permission, you also acknowledge and expressly agree that your data might also be transferred to and processed outside the European Union.  
We engage third parties to assist us by tracking the number of visitors to the Sites that have "clicked-through" from specified promotions on third party web sites and those visitors' activities on Perfectmatch.mobfr.com (while the visitors’ Personally Identifiable Information is turned into anonymous data). When we supply your data to these third parties, we require them to use it only for the function they are helping us with, under appropriate confidentiality contractual provisions that we have in place. When you see parts of our site Perfectmatch.mobfr.com with a prominent brand of another company (for example Facebook), this means the information you supply (or authorize for use) in that section of the site, will be shared with the other company that is cooperating in providing the respective service. Please visit each such company’s web site to learn more about their information and privacy policies and practices.  In addition, we aggregate the Anonymous Information that we collect and exchange it with advertisers and others partners who are interested in our services.    
We let you log into Perfectmatch.mobfr.com using your Facebook and/or Google+ account(s). As you also have an account with Perfectmatch.mobfr.com, we are able to connect this account with your Facebook and/or Google+ account(s). This also means that some of the data from your Facebook and/or Google + account(s) login may be shared with us (for example, full name, user id, photo, sex, location). We will not, however, use this data for other that the purposes in this Privacy Policy.  
We may disclose your Personally Identifiable Information for legal reasons - when required by law or under the good-faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to conform to applicable law, comply with subpoenas, court orders or legal process served on Perfectmatch.mobfr.com, its owners or its affiliates - to establish or exercise our legal rights or to defend ourselves against any legal claims and to protect our property and/or interests, our agents and employees or the personal or public safety. Under such circumstances, we may be prohibited by law, court order or other legal process from providing notice of such disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information.  
If we become part of another organization, including without limitation, by merger, change of control, sale of assets or other acquisition, the acquiring organization will obtain and have access to the Personally Identifiable Information collected by Perfectmatch.mobfr.com and it will assume the rights and obligations regarding your Personally Identifiable Information as described in this Privacy Policy.  
If we cease operation, your information may be transferred to and used by another company that offers similar or related products or services and an adequate level of confidentiality and protection of your Personally Identifiable Information. While we cannot predict a great deal about such an unlikely event, we would hope this could provide you continuity of service. In any of these cases, we will send you a written notice before your Personally Identifiable Information is transferred or becomes subject to a different privacy policy, so you can decide whether or not to continue your membership with Perfectmatch.mobfr.com.

User changes to their data

We aim to be transparent with what data we collect from you and give you the possibility to make an informed decision about how it is used. You may anytime access and review your Personally Identifiable Information we have on file by logging in and clicking the Profile tab on your user page. Once there, you may modify or amend information that is incomplete or incorrect and delete certain information from your profile, unless we have to retain it under   any legal obligations. You can also change your permission for us to send you e-mail alerts, notifications and/or newsletters by using the Privacy settings.  
To delete your Personally Identifiable Information, you must manually change your data fields to null values. Otherwise, your data is retained until your account is deleted or terminated. Due to our security settings, we may not be able to immediately remove all your data from our backup systems and servers at once. Please also note that the public comments made by a user on a third party forum cannot be deleted by us.

Publicly posted information

If you register at Perfectmatch.mobfr.com or its sister Site 1to1chat.net and make postings to public chat rooms or forums, please remember that anything you post may be publicly available to Internet users and/or through Perfectmatch.mobfr.com satellite Television. The user name you have chosen during the registration process is visible to all users ofPerfectmatch.mobfr.com. If you visit another member’s user page, your user name will appear on that page. Your user page will also show certain statistics regarding your use of Perfectmatch.mobfr.com, such as the date you became a member, how long ago you last visited Perfectmatch.mobfr.com, the categories of materials you have posted. Your user profile and the information you choose to include in your profile will also be available to other users of Perfectmatch.mobfr.com and to visitors that access your personal user page. Perfectmatch.mobfr.com does not control in any way and is not responsible for the use of any information or content that you have exposed to the public through your use of the site. Perfectmatch.mobfr.com users may freely choose to allow or not their profile to be publicly shown via other websites such as Google search engine and/or Facebook.

Security

We do our best to ensure the security of the Personally Identifiable Information you provide us with and also of the Anonymous Information. We implement technical and organizational measures for keeping it safe from any unauthorized access, illegal or accidental alteration, destruction or disclosure to unauthorized parties. Thus, we store such information on servers that are protected by firewalls and other technological means against intrusion or unauthorized access. They are located in a physically secure facility and only our employees and authorized agents which are bound by contractual confidentiality obligations and have a legitimate need to know the information are given access using a user/password. While no amount of security can give a perfect guarantee, you can have a high degree of confidence that this information is protected from unauthorized access and use. We rely on you to select passwords that cannot be guessed easily and to safeguard those passwords from disclosure. Please contact us if you have any information regarding unauthorized use of Perfectmatch.mobfr.com.  
We usually retain your information only until your account is being irrevocably and permanently deleted or terminated  . When you choose to delete your account with Perfectmatch.mobfr.com, your account and profile information will be removed from the site. However, due to our security measures, your information may be stored by us for an additional 30 days before being permanently and irrevocably deleted from our servers.  If you however re-login the website within such a 30 day-term, your account will be automatically reactivated.

Updates of the Privacy Policy

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time as our services change and expand. If we update this Privacy Policy, we will notify you about significant changes by sending a notice to the email address specified in your account or by posting a notice of such changes on www.Perfectmatch.mobfr.com and related sites. Unless otherwise provided, the revised terms will take effect on the date they are posted. Once such changes become effective, your continued use of the web site Perfectmatch.mobfr.com without any complaint or request will signify your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy, or any revised Privacy Policy, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using Perfectmatch.mobfr.com.

Users’ rights over their data

When collecting and using your Personally Identifiable Information that you give us, we ensure the protection of your rights. While you allow us to use it, you still retain full ownership of all such personal data. You can anytime access it by logging into your account and viewing your data. If you discover that your personal data we that have collected with your consent is inaccurate or was processed illegally, you are entitled to ask us to correct, erase or block it, if the case.  
You should know that we do not use your data for other purposes than those set out in this Privacy Policy and we do not pass it on to entities we have not chosen to be involved with without having previously asked for your consent in this respect.

Questions and complaint

References to “we”, “our” or “us” mean either Perfectmatch Ltd., Perfectmatch.mobfr.com, Keyzone Company Limited, Keyzone Group or our affiliates, as appropriate.  
This Privacy Policy only applies to services offered by us. It does not apply to any services offered by our partners on the web site Perfectmatch.mobfr.com (such as advertisers, Google, Facebook, etc.) which have their own privacy policies. We encourage you to read them carefully.  
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy or our security policies and settings, please contact us at: help@perfectmatch.mobfr.com. Moreover, if you believe your data and privacy rights have been breached or misused in any way by any Perfectmatch.mobfr.com service, you may request us to remedy the situation by filing a written complaint at the same address help@perfectmatch.mobfr.com. We will follow-up with you on the situation described in your complaint.  
We may regularly review our Privacy Policy for compliance with applicable regulations. We will also notify and cooperate with competent regulatory authorities in the event of personal data breach due to any breach of security which might lead to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to your Personal Identifiable Information that we process.
