> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the callercenter.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-06-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150605072145id_/https%3A//www.callercenter.com/disclaimer-privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# CallerCenter Disclaimer/Privacy Policy

**Privacy** **Policy and Disclaimer** ****  
**[CallerCenter.com]**  
**Effective and Last Updated: March 8, 2013**

_Last Updated: March 8, 2013_   
CallerCenter, Inc. (“ **CallerCenter** ”) provides this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information we receive from users of the CallerCenter website located at http://callercenter.com (the “ **Site** ”) and any services or software offered by CallerCenter (including but not limited to our CallerCenter Mobile App) (any and all of the foregoing the “ **CallerCenter Service** ” or “ **CallerCenter** ”).  This Privacy Policy applies only to information provided to us by users through CallerCenter.  
This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time.  We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site or via the CallerCenter Mobile App.  You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes.  
As used herein, the term “ **Non Registered User** ” means an individual who has (i) submitted his or her Caller ID Data (as defined below) to CallerCenter so that information can be made available to Members; or (ii) submitted his or her phone number to CallerCenter to request that we block information from appearing in CallerCenter results; and the term “ **Member** ” means a user who has registered with CallerCenter and created an account.   
**Information - What We Collect and How We Use It**  
**What we collect.**   
We collect information from users to provide and improve our Site and the CallerCenter Service and to administer use of CallerCenter by Members and Non Registered Users.  This information includes “ **Mobile Phone Data** ” which is the data contained on a mobile phone which you choose to upload to CallerCenter , including but not limited to your mobile phone contacts and your mobile phone number; and “ **Caller ID Data** ” which is the data and any other information that you choose to submit to us as a Member or Non Registered User to display in CallerCenter Caller ID results for your own phone number, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and other contact details.  
In the course of using CallerCenter, some of what we’ll ask you for is considered “ ** _Personal Information_**.”  This term refers to personally identifiable information about you that can be used to contact or identify you. Such Personal Information typically includes but is not limited to your name, phone number, email address, credit card or other billing information, and home and business postal addresses. While some Personal Information is required to join CallerCenter, you have the option to provide additional Personal Information in your CallerCenter Caller ID Data.  
We may also ask for other information, such as your zip code and personal preferences, which is typically considered “ ** _Non-Identifying Information_** ” since it can’t be used to identify you on its own. Sometimes Non-Identifying Information can be considered part of your Personal Information if it is combined in such a way that it enables you to be identified (for example, combining your zip code with your street address).  
**How we use it.**   
We use your Personal Information (in some cases with your Non-Identifying Information) mainly to provide the CallerCenter Service, and to respond to your inquiries.  
We may also use your Personal Information with your Non-Identifying Information and combine it internally with information collected from other CallerCenter Users (as defined below) so as to provide you with a better experience; improve CallerCenter and understand how our services are used; and to serve you specifically, for instance to send you administrative notices or to deliver a product to you according to your individual preferences or restrictions.  
Except as set forth in the section below titled “Information Sharing and Disclosure”, we never disclose your Personal Information to anyone without your permission.  
__Technical Data__ _._   When you visit the Site or interact with one of our services, whether as a Member, Non Registered User or a visitor just browsing (any of these, a “ ** _CallerCenter User_** ”), our servers automatically record certain information that your browser transmits so that we may keep track of which of our services you access. We do this in order to ensure that the elements of the CallerCenter Service are available to you and customized for your use. During this process we may also collect your IP address and browser details, as well as store cookies in your browser, all of which help us personalize and improve CallerCenter. While you have the option to stop your browser from accepting CallerCenter cookies at any time, if you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of CallerCenter or all of its functionality. For more information on how to stop accepting cookies, please refer to the help menu for your web browser.  
__Additional Phones__ _._   CallerCenter is for use only with mobile phones that you own and control.  We may send a security code to your mobile phone by text message to confirm that you own any phone you use with CallerCenter.  
**Information Sharing and Disclosure**  
__All CallerCenter Users__ _._  Any comments or submissions that you post to our corporate weblog, phone number complaint website, and support forums will be publicly available. Any information you choose to provide in a comment or a submission should reflect how much you want other users to know about you.  We recommend that you guard your anonymity and sensitive information and we encourage CallerCenter Users to think carefully about what information about themselves they disclose in their comments or submissions.  
__Members.__ _   _If you call or text a Member, we will display the information from your Caller ID Data to them. _   _If you choose to use our free CallerCenter Caller ID service, CallerCenter will use the information in your mobile phone contacts, in addition to information made available via other third party sources, to verify Caller ID results for other Members. If you prefer not to allow CallerCenter to use the information in your mobile phone contacts in this manner or you do not have the permission of your contacts as required by the CallerCenter Terms of Service, do not opt in to use the free version of CallerCenter Caller ID.  
__Non Registered Users__ _._   If you have submitted your Caller ID Data to CallerCenter this information will be shared with Members in accordance with the “user preferences” you set to make your Caller ID Data visible.  
__Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information__ _._   We combine your Mobile Phone Data and Caller ID Data and the data of many other CallerCenter Users into anonymous sets of “ _aggregated information_.”  All Personal Information is stripped out and all mobile phone records are replaced with random numbers.  We share this aggregated information, Non-Identifying Information, and log data with third parties for analysis so that we can continuously improve CallerCenter.  We will not, however, share your Personal Information for these purposes.  
__Service Providers__ _._   We may employ third party service providers to assist us in administering and providing CallerCenter.  However, service providers never have access to your Personal Information in non-encrypted form except for information that they need to perform a specific task on our behalf.  For example, a company managing our email list will have access to your email address if you receive email from CallerCenter.  Such service providers are obligated not to disclose or use the data to which they have access for any other purpose. With your explicit prior permission in each case, we also provide outside technology developers who have registered with CallerCenter access to your Personal Information so that they can deliver products and services that you request, which may be used to enhance your use of CallerCenter.  
__Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement__ _._   CallerCenter will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of CallerCenter or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.  
__Business Transfers__ _._   CallerCenter may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information and your Mobile Phone Data or Caller ID Data, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets, or in the event of bankruptcy.  
**Changing or Deleting Your Information**  
You may have all of your information removed from the site by contacting us using the contact form found over at <https://www.callercenter.com/contact-us> (Deleting your Caller ID Data will not delete the data that may be held by Members in their Mobile Phone Data. Deleting your Caller ID Data means that your name will not appear in CallerCenter results.)  
With respect to any data you have taken steps to delete, CallerCenter backs up data nightly for your protection, so it may take up to 30 days for all trace of your Mobile Phone Data or Caller ID Data to be erased from our systems.  
Please note that information that is removed from callercenter.com may still be displayed by 3rd parties which sometimes “crawl” or otherwise “scrape” the site. Search engines like Google sometimes continue to display your name for sometime before the update their cache.  
**Security**  
CallerCenter is very concerned with safeguarding your information.  We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access.  
**International Transfer**  
Your information may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your area.  If you are located outside the United States and you choose to provide your Personal Information to us, CallerCenter will transfer it to the United States and process it there.  By consenting to our Privacy Policy, and submitting information, you agree to that transfer.  
**Links to Other Sites**  
Our Site contains links to other websites.  While we do our best to link to reputable sites, the fact that we link to a website or present an ad is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party. We do not exercise control over third party websites and we encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of other websites that you visit.  
**Our Policy Toward Children**  
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under 13.  If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with such information without the parent’s or guardian’s consent, he or she should contact us using the contact for found over at <https://www.callercenter.com/contact-us> . If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files.  
**Phishing**  
CallerCenter is concerned about identity theft and the practice currently known as “ _phishing_.”  We treat safeguarding your Personal Information as a top priority.  We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your account ID, login password, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited email or telephone communication.    
**Contacting Us**  
And of course, if you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us using the contact for found over at <https://www.callercenter.com/contact-us>
