> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the callminer.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161018194921id_/http%3A//callminer.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | CallMiner

**Effective November 21, 2014**

You take online privacy seriously, and so does CallMiner, Inc. (“CallMiner”, “we” or “us”). It’s our way of sustaining your trust in CallMiner, as well as in our products and services. In this Privacy Policy (Policy), we describe how we collect, use and disclose information that we obtain about visitors to our website, www.callminer.com (Site), and the services available through our Site (Services). By visiting our Site or using any of our Services you agree that your information, including personal information, will be handled as described in this Policy. Your use of our Site and Services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this Policy and our Terms of Use, including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. Our Terms of Use are incorporated by reference into this Policy.

**The Information That We Collect About You**

Information We Collect Directly From You. We collect information directly from you when you use our Site or Services. The type of information that we collect from you depends on your particular interaction with our Site and our Services, and may include the following: name, email address, postal mailing address, phone number, and any other information that you choose to provide to us. Information We Collect Automatically About You. We automatically collect information about your use of our Site or Services through cookies, web beacons, and other technologies: your domain name; your browser type and operating system; web pages you view; links you click; your IP address; the length of time you visit our Site and or use our Services; and the referring URL, or the webpage that led you to our Site. Please see Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies below for additional information.

**Our Use of Your Information**

We use your information, including your personal information (collectively, “information”), for the following purposes: To provide our Services to you, to communicate with you about your use of our Services, to respond to your inquiries, to fulfill your orders, and for other customer services purposes. To tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using our Site and our Services. To market our own products and services, including, where permitted by applicable law, to send you email about products and services (whether our products and services or those of a third party) that might be of interest to you. From time to time, we may select other companies with information or products we think might be appropriate for you, and send you that information on behalf of that third party. To better understand how users access and use our Site and our Services, both on an aggregated and an individualized basis, to improve our Site and Services, and for other research and analytical purposes. To comply with applicable legal obligations.

**Disclosing Your Information**

We may disclose your information to the following persons and in the following circumstances: Affiliates. We may disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your personal information will be subject to this Policy. Marketing Partners. We may disclose information we collect from you to third-parties that jointly participate in marketing initiatives with CallMiner; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your personal information will be subject to this Policy. Authorized Resellers. We may share your information with authorized resellers that will assist in delivering our products and services to you. Service Providers. We may disclose the information we collect from you to third-party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf. We also may disclose your information in the following circumstances: Business Transfers. If we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company. In Response to Legal Process. We also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena. To Protect Us and Others. We also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our Terms of Use or this Policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved. Aggregate and De-Identified Information. We may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes.

**Cookies and Other Tracking Mechanisms**

Do-Not-Track. Currently, our systems do not recognize browser “do-not-track” requests, but we do not track you after you leave our Site. You may disable certain tracking on our Site, as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies). Cookies. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser for record-keeping purposes. Some cookies allow us to make it easier for you to navigate our Site and services, while others are used to enable a faster log-in process or to allow us to track your activities on our Site and Services. Disabling Cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but if you prefer, you can edit your browser options to block them in the future. The Help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Visitors to our Site who disable cookies will be able to browse certain areas of the Site, but some features may not function. Clear GIFs, pixel tags and other technologies. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on your computer’s hard drive, clear GIFs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We or our service providers may use clear GIFs (a.k.a. web beacons, web bugs, or pixel tags) in connection with our Site to, among other things, track the activities of Site visitors, help manage content, and compile statistics about Site usage. We or our service providers also use clear GIFs in HTML emails to our customers, to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded. Third-Party Analytics. We use automated devices and applications, such as Google Analytics, to evaluate usage of our Site. We also may use other analytic means to evaluate our Services. We use these tools to help us improve our services, performance and user experiences. These entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies to perform their services.

**TARGETED ADVERTISING AND AD NETWORKS**

We (or our third party service providers) may send users targeted ads, based on your location and activities within our Site and your use of our Services. We may also participate in third-party ad networks and allow third parties to use cookies, pixel tags and other tracking technologies on our Site to collect usage information, to display targeted ads to you on our Site and on third party sites, and to track the effectiveness of advertising campaigns. These third parties may be able to associate the information they collect with other information they have about you from other sources. You may opt-out of many third-party ad networks, including those operated by members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”) and the Digital Advertising Alliance (“DAA”). For more information regarding this practice by NAI members and DAA members, and your choices regarding having this information used by these companies, including how to opt-out of third-party ad networks operated by NAI and DAA members, please visit their respective websites: www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp and www.aboutads.info/choices.

**Third-Party Links**

Our Site and Services may contain links to third-party websites. Any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this Policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites. We are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites.

**Security of My Personal Information**

We have implemented reasonable measures to protect the information we collect from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, deletion and destruction. Please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security. You should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your password, mobile device and computer by, among other things, signing off after using a shared computer, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess and keeping your log-in and password private. We are not responsible for any lost, stolen or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.

**Your Choices**

We may send marketing communications to you, including information about our products as well as those offered by third parties. If you prefer not to receive promotional email from us, please opt out of our email list using the ‘unsubscribe’ or ‘manage subscriptions’ link included in marketing emails, or let us know by sending us an email with your contact information to privacy@callminer.com. Please note that we will continue to communicate with you for service-related issues through email.

**Safe Harbor**

Your Personal Data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, where laws regarding processing of personal data may be less stringent than the laws in your country. CallMiner complies with the US-EU and US-Swiss Safe Harbor Frameworks as set forth by the US Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. CallMiner has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification page as maintained by the U.S. Department of Commerce, please visit: http://www.export.gov/safeharbor. Any disputes involving Personal Information originating from the European Union (EU) or Switzerland that have not been resolved to your satisfaction through the process and mechanisms described above may be brought to EU Data Protection Authorities for their review.

**Contact Us**

If you have questions about the privacy aspects of our services or would like to make a complaint, please contact us at privacy@callminer.com.

**Changes to this Policy**

This Policy is current as of the Effective Date set forth above. We may change this Policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. We will post any changes to this Policy on our Site. If we make any changes to this Policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change, for example, where feasible by highlighting the change on our Site.

**Information Collected BY**

Our Customers Although this Policy applies only to information collected online, we nevertheless want to be transparent about how we handle information that we process and store on behalf of our customers. CallMiner receives information about individuals through the processing of audio and written consumer interactions with CallMiner’s customers (Customer Personal Information). Processed audio and written consumer interactions are stored in CallMiner’s secure hosting facility and are for the sole retrieval and use by CallMiner’s customers. Customer Personal Information is the confidential information and property of CallMiner’s customers. CallMiner does not use internally, resell or redistribute any Customer Personal Information. CallMiner may transfer customer data that includes Customer Personal Information to a third-party for the purpose of fulfilling contractual obligations with CallMiner’s customer. However any such third-party is required to guarantee the same level of protection of Customer Personal Information and abide by the same standards as CallMiner. CallMiner may also be required to disclose Customer Personal Information as a matter of law or to protect CallMiner’s legal rights. If you have questions regarding your personal information collected by a CallMiner customer which is a part of Customer Personal Information stored by CallMiner, you are encouraged to contact CallMiner’s customer to resolve. In the event you are unsuccessful in resolving the matter directly with CallMiner’s customer or you are unsure how to contact CallMiner’s customer, please send an email to privacy@callminer.com and we will assist you directly.
