> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the calottery.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-07-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130705151758id_/http%3A//www.calottery.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## We protect your personal information.....

The California Lottery ([www.calottery.com](http://www.calottery.com/ "CA Lottery website")) is committed to protecting the privacy rights of individuals.  It is the Lottery’s policy to limit the collection of personal information and protect the personal information it collects and maintains. 

The Lottery’s information management practices conform to the requirements of the Information Practices Act (California Civil Code section 1798 _et seq_.), the California Public Records Act (California Government Code section 6250 _et seq_.), California Government Code sections 11015.5 and 11019.9, California Business & Professions Code sections 22575-22579, and other laws pertaining to information privacy.

The Lottery adheres to the following principles in connection with the collection and management of personal information:

**The Lottery collects personal information from individuals only as allowed by law and with their explicit consent.** Personal information is defined in the Information Practices Act as information that identifies or describes an individual, including: name, Social Security number, physical description, home address, home telephone number, education, and medical or employment history.  The Lottery limits the collection of personal information to what is relevant and necessary to accomplish its lawful purpose, defined in the California State Lottery Act. For example, the Lottery may need an individual’s home address, email address, or telephone number in order to answer that person’s questions, process his or her claim form, or provide some other requested assistance. The Lottery may also request demographic information such as ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests, and favorites to allow it to provide personalized services. ****

**The Lottery does not collect home, business, or email addresses or account information from people who simply browse the Lottery’s website** **.** ****The Lottery website consists of a primary domain and several sub-domains and is referred to collectively as “website.” The Lottery only collects personal information about individuals if it is provided to the Lottery voluntarily through email, registration forms, or surveys. The Lottery does collect some information automatically from each visitor to its website, including the domain name or Internet Protocol address that relates to the machine used to access the website, the type of browser and operating system used, and the date and time when the  website is visited. The Lottery may also automatically collect information about your interaction with Lottery websites and services. For example, it may use website analytics tools on its website to retrieve information from your browser, including the website you came from, the search engine(s) and the keywords you used to find the Lottery’s website, the pages you view within the Lottery’s website, your browser add-ons, and your browser's width and height.  This automatically-collected information is not subject to disclosure under the California Public Records Act, and website visitors may request to have their information discarded without reuse or distribution. To make such a request, contact the Lottery’s privacy coordinator: [privacy@calottery.com](mailto:privacy@calottery.com "Privacy policy").

**The Lottery uses cookies** , simple text files stored temporarily on a visitor’s computer by a web server, to enable easy movement through its website. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to store your preferences and other information on your computer in order to save you time by eliminating the need to repeatedly enter the same information. Cookies used by the Lottery may be encrypted and cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.

Non-persistent session cookies are used when visiting and searching informational content on the Lottery’s public website.  Session cookies do not contain user information, will not transmit any personal information to the Lottery, and are deleted automatically when the browser window closes or within 24 hours, whichever occurs first. 

Persistent culture cookies are used to collect username and language setting information and must be deleted manually by the user. In addition, Google tracking cookies may be used to provide information to Google Analytics. Google tracking cookies, used by every website that employs Google Analytics, store information that identifies IP addresses. For those wishing to block Google Analytics, a variety of browser plug-ins are [available here](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en "Google tools").

The Lottery uses Flash cookies to support Casual Games in the players’ area. These cookies are persistent and only store certain user settings that you choose for game play. [Click here to see removal instructions.](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager03.html "Removal instructions")

To access certain Lottery online services you will need to provide your email address and password (credentials). The Lottery will then temporarily store your unique ID number and the time you signed in via an encrypted cookie on your hard drive. This cookie will allow you to move between services on the website without having to sign in again on each page. When you sign out, these cookies are deleted from your computer. 

The Lottery also uses cookies to improve your sign-in experience. For example, your email address may be stored in a cookie that will remain on your computer after you sign out. This cookie allows your email address to be pre-populated so that you will only need to type your password the next time you sign in. If you are using a public computer or do not otherwise want this information to be stored, you can select the appropriate button on the sign-in page and this cookie will not be used.

You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you will not be able to sign in or use other interactive features and services offered in the players’ area of the Lottery’s website. ****

If you choose to accept cookies, you also have the ability to later delete cookies that you have accepted. For example, in Internet Explorer 7 you can delete cookies by selecting “Tools,” “Delete browsing history,” and “Delete Cookies.” Each browser may provide a different way to delete cookies. If you choose to delete cookies, any settings and preferences controlled by those cookies will be deleted and may need to be recreated when you next access the website.

The Lottery prohibits web beacons on its website from being used by third parties to collect or access your personal information.

In order to offer you a more consistent and personalized experience in your interactions with the Lottery, information collected through one Lottery service may be combined with information obtained through other Lottery and Lottery-affiliated services. The Lottery may also supplement the information it collects with information obtained from other companies. This will enable the Lottery, for example, to offer customized services and information based on location information determined by your computer IP address.

**Whenever you are asked to provide personal information, the** **Lottery will tell you how that information will be used.** The Lottery strives to inform individuals who provide personal information about the general uses that the Lottery will make of that information. The Lottery does this at the time of information collection. 

**The Lottery provides people who share personal information with an opportunity to review that information.** The Lottery allows individuals who provide personal information to review that information and contest its accuracy or completeness. To make such a request, contact the Lottery’s privacy coordinator: [privacy@calottery.com](mailto:privacy@calottery.com "Privacy email")

**The Lottery uses personal information only for purposes consistent with itsInformation Collection, Use and Access Notice**.

**The Lottery uses information security safeguards.** **The Lottery takes reasonable precautions** to protect personal information it collects from loss, unauthorized access, illegal use, or unauthorized disclosure. The Lottery uses Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption software to protect the security of individuals’ personal information during transmission of such information through the Lottery’s website. Such personal information is stored by the Lottery in secure locations. The Lottery’s staff is trained on procedures for the management of personal information, including limitations on the release of information. Access to personal information is limited to those members of the Lottery’s staff and contractors whose work requires such access. Confidential information is destroyed according to the Lottery’s records retention schedule. The Lottery conducts periodic reviews to ensure that proper information management policies and procedures are understood and followed. In order to access some Lottery services, you will be asked to sign in using your credentials. As part of creating your account, you may also be required to select questions and secret answers that may be used by the Lottery to help verify your identity and assist in resetting your password. Some services may require added security, and in these cases, you may be asked to create an additional security key. The Lottery permanently records the IP address of the machine you use for registration and only stores the date and IP address of the last login thereafter. Finally, a unique ID number will be assigned to your account which will be used to identify your profile and associated information, such as login history and game play history.

In general, the Lottery encourages all individuals to use appropriate safeguards to secure their computers and the information on those computers.

**The Lottery will provide additional information about this privacy policy if requested**. If any individual has further questions about the Lottery's privacy policy, they are encouraged to contact the Lottery’s Privacy Coordinator via email at [privacy@calottery.com](mailto:privacy@calottery.com "Privacy email") or in writing to:  The California State Lottery - Attention: Privacy Coordinator, 700 Tenth Street, Sacramento, CA 95811. 

_Effective Date: May 5, 2011_
