> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the calvinklein.be privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140619084232id_/http%3A//explore.calvinklein.com/en_US/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – Calvin Klein

## OUR PRIVACY COMMITMENT

We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to your privacy. We recognize our obligation to you to maintain confidentially certain information you provide on this website and to use responsibly any information provided. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the calvinklein.com website. When you visit our website at calvinklein.com, we will not collect any personally identifiable information about you (such as your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address), unless you specifically provide such information. We may then store such information and use such information to contact you directly regarding products we believe may be of interest to you. We do not give or sell any user information to any third party. This site, from time to time, may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.

## USE OF COOKIES

Our website uses cookies or similar technology, which are pieces of information which websites transfer to your computer's web browser for storage on your computer's hard drive. The messages store non-personally-identifiable information to help us gauge the success of our website and will track session information such as what pages you access and for how long, which allows us to make updates to enhance your experience including through recognizing your preferences to make shopping easier for you and providing you with a customized experience. You can set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. You may also obtain third party software that will allow you to visit the Site without providing the information gathered by cookies. Most internet browsers enable you to erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions. Since our website does not require the use of cookies you may use the calvinklein.com website without restriction even if you have blocked cookies on your browser. These cookies also help to improve targeting of our advertisements on other websites. If you do not wish to see Calvin Klein advertisements when visiting other websites then you can opt out of data collection on the calvinklein.com website by clicking here: [Opt Out](http://media.calvinklein.com/optout.html)

In addition, if you access the Site through a mobile device, we may also be able to identify the location of your mobile device. You may choose not to share your location details with us by adjusting your mobile device’s location services settings. For instructions on changing the relevant settings, please contact your service provider or device manufacturer. 

## THIRD PARTIES MAY RECEIVE OR COLLECT INFORMATION THROUGH OUR WEBSITE

As more fully explained below, certain third parties manage the content of pages on the calvinklein.com website. These third parties share our commitment in the protection of your privacy and the confidentiality of any information you may supply. From time to time, this website may also contain hotlinks that if utilized will redirect you to new websites. If you are directed to a website that does not have the words "Calvin Klein" as the first two words of the second-level domain address (i.e., immediately following www.), then we can no longer be responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such website. We use a third-party employment recruiter, Kenexa Corporation, to assist with job searches. Kenexa manages all information you see and collects all information requested under the Career Opportunities section of the pvh.com website. Kenexa will not collect any personally identifiable information about you through the pvh.com website, unless you provide such information voluntarily. If you would like more information regarding Kenexa's privacy policy please go to http://pvh.kenexa.com/pvh/cc/Home.ss or http://www.kenexa.com/privacy.html.

## CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICY

This policy statement is subject to change. All changes will be posted on this page. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically to remain informed of changes that may have occurred. 
