> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the organogold.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151228184750id_/http%3A//www.organogold.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Organo Gold

## Website Privacy Policy

We at Organo Gold (“Organo Gold” or “OG”)* have created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting your personal information and informing you about how we handle it. This Privacy Policy only applies to transactions and activities in which you engage, and data gathered, on the OG website. This Privacy Policy may be modified periodically, and was last revised on February 12th, 2013. Each time you visit the OG website or provide us with information, by doing so you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy at that time.

## Overview

As part of the normal operation of our services we collect information about you. This Privacy Policy describes what information we collect about you and what may happen to that information. By accepting this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions, you expressly consent to our use and disclosure of your personal information in the manner prescribed in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into and subject to the terms of the OG website user agreement.

## Minors

Anyone under 18 years of age is considered a minor and is not eligible to utilize our services except under the supervision of your adult parent or legal guardian. More importantly, we ask that those under the age of 18, do not submit any personal, private, or financial information to us.

## Your IP Address

Like most e-commerce Websites, each time you visit the OG website, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. We use your IP address only to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you in order to administer and optimize the OG website for you and to diagnose problems with the OG website. 

## Cookies

Like most websites, the OG website uses cookies to keep track of your purchases and other activities on the OG website and enhance your overall experience on the OG website. “Cookies” are small harmless files saved on your browser that assist us in saving your preferences. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, and to help you to save your password, to save other personal and financial information so you do not have to reenter it each time you visit the OG website. Cookies are also used to assist us in measuring our traffic flow, and to assess promotional effectiveness. You have the option to decline our cookies easily by disabling them in your browser, although in that case you may not be able to access certain features on the OG website, as well as being required to reenter your private information more frequently during a session. Third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. We are not responsible for cookies from any third party. 

## Collection of Information

You may browse the OG website without revealing any personal information about yourself; however, once you actually use any of the features available on the OG website, you will not be able to retain your anonymity. In order to fully meet your needs and to be able to provide you with an efficient and enjoyable experience, and to ensure we provide access to certain features that may be of interest to you, we may require limited personal information. This may include things such as your full name, postal address, phone number, email address, or demographic information (information that you submit, or that we collect, that is neither personal information nor financial information; this may include, but is not limited to, zip code, postal code, hometown, gender, username, age, birth date, purchase history information, browsing history information, searching history information, registration history information, and the content of communications between you and other users over the OG website). Demographic information is either “non-public information”, which consists of user history information and one-on-one communications between you and other users of the OG website, or “public information”, which consists of all other demographic information. We ask that you do not enter any other personal information or personal financial information into a publicly viewed area (for example, don’t use your address or password as your username, or include your name or address in written communications or item descriptions), as it will then become “public information.” You always have the option to not provide specific information by choosing not to use a particular service or feature.

When you specifically solicit or purchase a product or service from Organo Gold, we may request more personal or financial information. We use your personal financial information, including credit card information, to verify the accuracy of your name, address, and other information, as well as to bill you for your use of our products or services.

If you choose to post messages in our Forum, chat rooms, message areas (this may include, but is not limited to Twitter, Facebook and similar) or leave feedback for other users, we may also collect that information you provide. This information will be reviewed by us as necessary to provide customer support, diagnose technical problems, and/or to resolve disputes.

When necessary, a specific file may be retained for you regarding any direct correspondence to us, such as emails or letters, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities or postings on the Site.

Your buying, selling, and browsing habits on the OG website are automatically tracked for the purpose of our own research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior in order to better understand, protect and serve our online community. This may include the site that you just came from, the one that you will visit next, your computer browser information, and your IP address. 

## Information Others Collect From You

This Privacy Policy only applies to the use and disclosure of information that OG collects from you. On our website, we place links to other websites operated by other parties. Some of these other websites contain our brand names and trademarks and other intellectual property that we own; others do not. When you click on these links and visit these other websites, regardless of whether or not they contain our brand names, trademarks and other intellectual property, you need to be aware that we do not control these other websites or these other websites’ business practices, and that this Privacy Policy does not apply to these other websites. Consequently, the operators of these other websites may collect different kinds of information about you, and may use and disclose that information in different ways than we would if it were collected on the OG website. This concept also applies to your disclosure of information to any other parties. We encourage you to review their privacy policies and remind you that we will not be responsible for their actions.

## How We Use Personal Information

We use your personal information to help us efficiently operate the OG website, to contact you in connection with your transactions and other activities on the OG website, to forward messages to you from other users, to correct problems, collect service fees, gather demographic information, analyze data to improve your experience, enforce our distributor agreement, resolve user disputes, protect against fraud or criminal activity, and inform you of offers, updates or services that might be of interest. These types of communications are known as “Operational Communications.” In some cases, Operational Communications may also contain commercial messages, such as banner ads and special offers. It is our policy not to sell or rent to any to third parties, your personal information for any purpose without your expressed consent. We may however, gather personal demographic data which may be disclosed in a manner that is not personally identifiable, for the purpose third party marketing analysis. This would not include your name, financial account numbers, email, or passwords.

We also use personal information to send you newsletters, information, offers and other promotional materials for OG’s or third parties’ goods or services. We attempt to send you offers that are of value to you, such as discounts, or exclusive offers. The OG website provides you with options to decline to receive communications from the OG website (other than those contained in Operational Communications). Some of these options may only be for a certain category of communications; others may be more general. By accepting the OG Website User Agreement and Privacy Policy, you expressly agree to receive this information. If you wish to stop receiving certain communications, you have the option to do so by changing your user preferences.

In order to operate the OG website, including processing your transactions and supporting your activities, it may be necessary for us to share your personal information with our internal agents, representatives, contractors and service providers so they can provide us with support services such as authorization of credit card transactions, billing, affiliate programs, email origination, receipt or support services, customer relationship management services, order fulfillment and promotional fulfillment. We require these entities by confidentiality agreement, not to use your information for any other purpose without your expressed permission.

By purchasing, or registering or making reservations for, products or services offered or sponsored by third parties on the OG website, or electing to receive communications, or electing to participate in contests, sweepstakes or other programs, offered or sponsored by third parties on the OG website, you are providing some degree of your personal information specifically to those third parties. Those third parties may use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. You will need to contact those third parties to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them. You should evaluate any third party’s privacy practices before using their services. Additionally, you agree that we may use and disclose all such information so submitted to such third parties in the same manner in which we are entitled to use and disclose any other information you submit to us.

In some cases, we may enter into a promotional relationship with another company in which we prominently display their brand name or trademarks on pages of the OG website. These pages are known as “Co-Branded Pages” and these companies are known as “Co-Branded Companies.” If the page on which you submit information is a Co-Branded Page, or was accessed by clicking on a link on a Co-Branded Page, then we may share some of your e-mail information with the associated Co-Branded Company. Co-Branded Companies may use your personal information in accordance with their own privacy policies. You will need to contact Co-Branded Companies to instruct them directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them.

Any third party with whom you expressly allow us to share your personal information is authorized to use your personal information in accordance with our contractual arrangements with such third parties and in accordance with their own privacy policies, over which we have no control, and you agree that we are not responsible or liable for any of their actions or omissions. Those who contact you will need to be instructed directly by you regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them.

We cannot ensure that any of your and other personal information or private communications will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Policy. We may be forced to disclose personal information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances, transmissions or private communications may be unlawfully intercepted or accessed by third parties, or other users may abuse or misuse your personal information that they collect from the OG website.  
Therefore, although we use industry high standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information or private communications will always remain private.

## How We Use Financial Information

We use your financial information only to check your qualifications, verify your identity and credibility, to bill you for products and services, and to enable you to participate in discount, rebate and similar programs in which you may elect to participate. By making a purchase, or engaging in any other kind of activity or transaction that uses financial information, on the OG website, you consent to our providing your financial information to our internal service providers as we determine is necessary to support and process your activities and transactions, as well as to your credit card issuer for their purposes. These third parties may include the credit card companies and banking institutions used to process and support the transaction or activity. By purchasing, or registering or making reservations for, products or services of other third parties offered on the OG website, or by participating in programs offered on the OG website that are administered by third parties and that require you to submit financial information in order to use them, you also consent to our providing your financial information to those third parties.

## Special Cases in which we share Personal and Financial Information

We may disclose personal information or financial information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law, to cooperate with law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of OG, its distributors, or other visitors to the OG website. Whenever personal information or financial information is disclosed under this paragraph, we may also disclose your demographic information along with it, on a non-anonymous basis.

OG will cooperate with law enforcement inquiries, as well as other third parties in the interest of enforcing laws, preventing criminal activity, protecting rights (including intellectual property rights), and protecting you and our OG community from harmful or criminal acts. Therefore, if we receive a verified request by government officials or other law enforcement agencies regarding an alleged illegal activity or investigation, you authorize us to disclose any of your personal information or history without a subpoena. In an effort to respect your privacy, however, we will not otherwise disclose your personal information to law enforcement or other government officials without a subpoena, court order or substantially similar legal procedure, unless we believe that such information is necessary to prevent imminent physical harm or financial loss, or to report suspected illegal activity. You also authorize us to disclose your personal and account information under confidentiality agreement, as we in our sole discretion believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringement, piracy, or other unlawful activity. 

## Our Security Precautions

All of OG’s website user information is stored on secure servers within the United States, and protected by applicable Federal laws. OG has security measures in place to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control, and that which is exchanged on OG website. Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry high standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. We encrypt all of your personal and financial information as it travels over the Internet and we store your financial information on our servers in encrypted form. 

## How you may use the Information of other Users. (For independent distributors only)

OG grants its independent distributors limited access to other distributors’ email, ID, and shipping information, in order to allow interaction among everyone within the OG community. Through the acceptance of OG’s Website User Agreement, you agree that you have authority to use other users’ personal information that you obtain through the OG site, through related communication, or any OG-facilitated transaction, only for using services offered through OG and communications that are not unsolicited commercial messages, or for any other purpose that a user expressly agrees to. Users must have an opportunity to have you remove any information you have collected about them. In addition, under no circumstances, you can disclose personal information about another user to any third party without our consent and the consent of that user. You agree that other users may use your personal information to communicate with you regarding OG related matters. Note that law enforcement personnel, and other rights holders are given different rights with respect to information they access.

OG and its service providers do not tolerate “spam”. Therefore, you DO NOT have any authority or permission whatsoever to add any reference to “OG”, “Organo Gold” or to otherwise insinuate that any electronic message you communicate to third parties has any affiliation whatsoever with the Company. Regardless of whom it is you are communicating with — be it a purchaser, fellow Distributor, or even the Company itself — AND, regardless where the message originates from — be it from another Distributor, your business organization, or even the Company itself — ABSOLUTELY NO MESSAGES SENT BY to you or your e-mail address should include any reference, or insinuation of approbation of the communication by the Company.

The Company has a ZERO TOLERANCE policy regarding any act which violates the above Policy. Be forewarned, if the above provision is not observed, then OG will take appropriate legal action. 

## How you can access and update your email preferences, personal information and public information

We give you the opportunity to alter or update the personal, financial, or demographic information that you have given us by manually making the modifications in the sections of the OG website in which you originally submitted that information.

These changes and deletions will not change or delete emails or information that we may have already forwarded to other users or credit card companies or any other third parties, all as provided above in this Privacy Policy.

Upon your request, we will deactivate your account, contact information, billing information, shipping information, and financial information from our active databases. To make this request, please email [support@organogold.com](mailto:support@organogold.com). It may be necessary for some of the personal information that you have requested to remove, to be retained by OG for the purpose of collecting any fees owed, diagnosing problems, assisting with any legal investigations, resolving disputes, preventing criminal activity, or enforcing our User Agreement. Therefore, you should not expect that all of your information will be completely removed from our files or databases in response to your requests. However, such personal information will only be available to select OG personal, and will no longer be accessible to other users or the public. 

## Reminder:

We maintain the right to alter this Policy at any time and we recommend that you review it periodically so that you will be aware of any updates. If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, the practices of the website, or your dealings with the OG website. Please contact us at [support@organogold.com](mailto:support@organogold.com).

*** Organo Gold is a Group of Companies operating under trade name “Organo Gold” and “Coffee Connoisseur”.**
