> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the organicfacts.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181227084450id_/https%3A//www.organicfacts.net/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Organic Facts

Organicfacts.net is owned and operated by Organic Information Services Pvt Ltd. it offers store owners and businesses a service to reach customers. By virtue of this, we take and consider online privacy very seriously and strictly. This privacy policy is designed to inform our customers/visitors to our site how we collect and use the personal information you elect to provide to us.

This Privacy Policy applies to the websites [www.organicfacts.com](http://www.organicfacts.com/) and [www.organicfacts.net](https://www.organicfacts.net/), which are operated by Organic Information Services Pvt Ltd. (“Organic Information Services”), including the mobile optimized versions of these websites (collectively, the “Websites”). Except where otherwise noted, statements in this Privacy Policy with respect to the Sites also apply to the Organic Facts Applications (or “Apps”) for iPhone, iPad and Android devices. The Sites and Apps are referred to as the “Organic Facts”. References to “we,” “us” or “our” refer to Organic Information Services. This Privacy Policy describes how we may collect, use and disclose information about users of the Services. The “Services” for purposes of this Privacy Policy means the Websites, the Apps and all information and services provided to you in connection with your use of the Websites and Apps including, without limitation, news, reference content, tools, applications, sponsored programs, advertising, email communications, continuing medical education and discussion boards. We may share information collected under this Privacy Policy among the respective Websites and Apps that we each own or control, but information collected under this Privacy Policy is always protected under the terms of this Privacy Policy.

If you are a visitor to our site and you choose to register for our services or provide us with personal information you authorize us to use such information as set forth in this privacy policy. Organicfacts.net collects the information necessary to serve you better. When you visit our websites, you may provide us with personal information that you consciously choose to disclose to us on an individual basis and information that we collect when you browse websites. You may also provide us with the personal information required for us to provide the services however we only request the personal information necessary to establish and provide the necessary services requested from you. We may however, use the personal information that you provide to us to notify you about latest updates and important changes to our web site, our services or special offers that we consider to be of importance to you on the basis of the information you have submitted. We do not share your information with any third party.

_The information we collect:_ Apart from the personal information we also collect anonymous data when you browse our websites. The personal information you may provide is not associated with this anonymized data and hence your browsing patterns on our site are not personally identifiable. Following information is collected and remains with us for analyzing and concluding ways to serve you better.  
a) Characteristics of your client system such as: Anonymized IP address, browser type, system language, OS version, time zone and screen resolution metrics. The IP address is anonymized by storing only the first three octets. (i.e _. we only store 1.2.3 instead of 1.2.3.4_  
b) URLs of the web page which referred you to a web page on our websites.  
c) Any mouse movements, mouse clicks and scroll actions taken on our websites.

_Use of cookies and/or similar technology:_ The websites use tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it in a way which is not personally identifiable. You should be aware that we use cookies to store a unique identifier for your client system, which helps our tracking software in aggregating and grouping the data. In case of advertisements placed on our site by third parties, these third parties often deploy persistent cookies and not session cookies, which enable them to understand and send you the right kind of advertisements, which they feel, are of interest to you. However, we do not have access and neither can we control the cookies placed by such third parties on our site. By placing the persistent cookies, the third parties can ascertain and collect information about you and where you have been using your computer to view similar advertisements.

  * Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site.
  * Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet.
  * Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google ad and content network privacy policy.](https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/)



**_Disclosure of information:_** We do not grant access to any personal information that you may provide to us to anyone. We do not use your information to earn any amount of profit by way of selling or leasing the same to any unaffiliated third party. We shall however, not be liable and responsible for any unauthorized access to our site by hackers who steal information, nonetheless, we take adequate precautions and measures to protect the same. Under certain situations, we may release your personal information if required by law, or if we believe the disclosure is necessary to abide by law or to protect our web site or users of our services, or to defend our property.

**_Own access:_** You can view and edit any information provided by you to us online by registering on the websites. We consider the information provided to us is vital and as a result, we advise to log out of your session each and every time you decide to end your session with our site. If you are using a public computer wherein the computer being used by you can also be used by someone else, we strictly advise to first log out and ascertain truly whether your session has truly expired or not.

**_Changes_** _:_ We reserve the absolute right to change, amend, alter, edit, delete or add this privacy statement. In case of multiple sessions logging in by you, you are subject to two different provisions of the privacy policies, then the most recent one shall apply. Accepting the terms and conditions as well this privacy policy automatically binds you to the most recent privacy policy applicable.

YOU ARE BOUND BY ALL THE RULES OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND THE PRIVACY POLICY IRRESPECTIVE OF WHETHER YOU HAVE READ THE SAME OR NOT. ACCESSING THIS SITE DEEMS THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTOOD ALL THE CONTENTS OF THE TERMS OF USE, PRIVACY POLICY AND THE DISCLAIMER.

Privacy Policy was last updated on: 03-08-2016
