> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the organic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-11-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101122105021id_/http%3A//www.organic.com/en_US/Main%2BSite%2BNavigation/Footer%2BNavigation/Privacy%2BPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Organic, Inc.

This Privacy Policy was last updated: September 1, 2010   


  
Thank you for visiting Organic, Inc.’s (“Organic”) Web site located at [www.organic.com](http://www.organic.com/), including the blog [www.threeminds.com](http://www.threeminds.com/) that is accessible on or through www.organic.com (collectively, the “Site”). This Privacy Policy details policies governing Organic’s use of personally identifiable information about users of our Site.  This Privacy Policy applies solely to the website on which it appears and not to any other website or service.

**Privacy Policy Updates**   
Due to the Internet’s rapidly evolving nature, Organic may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time.  If so, Organic will post its updated Privacy Policy on the Site on this page and post notice of the change so it is visible when users log-on for the first time after the change is posted so that you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information. Organic encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.  Your continued use of this Site and/or continued provision of personally identifiable information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**  
You can generally visit our Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself.  However, in certain sections of this Site, we may invite you to contact us with press, business development or human resources inquiries, to request information, to provide us with feedback or to participate in blogs. Due to the nature of some of these activities, we may collect personally identifiable information such as your e-mail address and other information that you voluntarily transmit with your communications to us via e-mail, phone or in person.  You will be required to submit your e-mail address when you subscribe to our newsletters and blogs. You may be asked to submit your name, e-mail address and phone number when you submit an employee referral form through the Site.  In addition, you will be required to submit the e-mail address, name and country of residence of the person whom you are referring to Organic as an employee candidate, and may also opt to provide that person’s telephone number and upload his or her resume. We also may collect information about you and your use of our Site through your use of our Site, as described in the Aggregate Information section below.

We may use your personally identifiable information to contact you to deliver certain information you have requested, to respond to your inquiries, to thank you for referring an employee candidate or to improve the content and general administration of the Site.  We may also use the personally identifiable information of employee candidate referrals submitted by you through the Site to contact that person regarding potential employment opportunities.

**Blogs and Social Networking**  
You should be aware that information which you voluntarily include and transmit online in a publicly accessible forum such as a blog, chat room or social networking service may be viewed and used by others without any restrictions.  We are unable to control such uses of your information, and by using such services and publicly posting your information, you assume the risk that the information provided by you may be viewed and used by third parties for any number of purposes.

This Site may enable you to integrate with certain third party sites and services, such as social networking services, through features including Facebook Connect, Facebook “Like” buttons and otherwise.  These features may enable integration and/or access to your social networking accounts.  Organic does not control your social networking profile, modify your social networking privacy settings or establish rules about how your personally identifiable information on the social networking services will is used.  You are encouraged to read all policies and information on the applicable social networking services to learn more about how they handle your information before using any such features made available to you on this Site.  Organic is not responsible for any acts or omissions by any social networking service provider or their platform.

**Friend Emails**  
Organic may offer a feature that allows users of the Site to voluntarily choose to electronically forward a link or page to a friend through the Site’s “email-to-a-friend” feature. To do so, the user must provide his or her email address, as well as the e-mail address of the recipient. The user’s email address is used only in the case of transmission errors and to let the recipient know who sent the email. The recipient’s e-mail address is used for delivery of the link or page and not for any other purpose.

**Newsletters**  
Users may opt out of receiving newsletters by removing themselves from Organic’s mailing list by following the link provided in each newsletter.

**Children's Privacy**   
Organic recognizes the privacy interests of children, and Organic encourages parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests. The Site is not intended for children under the age of 13, **and** Organic **endeavors not to collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13**. Organic targets its Site to adults and not to children under 13.

**Aggregate Information**   
The Site may track the total number of visitors to our Site, the number of visitors to each page of our Site, the users’ activities on the Site (e.g., tracking how Web traffic flows on the Site),  browser type, platform type, IP addresses and External Web Sites (defined below) linked from and to by the user from the Site, and we may analyze this data for trends and statistics in the aggregate, but such information will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and it will not contain personally identifiable information.  We may use such aggregate information to analyze trends and statistics, customize the Site, administer the Site, track users’ movement and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. 

**Cookies**  
Organic and its business partners may use small text files called cookies, web bugs or similar devices in order to assist Organic in aggregate statistical analysis and sometimes to provide site customization based on anonymous session tracking. A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user.  Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you.  You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or flush them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences, in which case you may still use our Site, but it may interfere with some of its functionality. Cookies and similar items are not used by us to automatically retrieve personally identifiable information from your computer without your knowledge. ****

**Links to Third Party Sites**   
The Site may provide links to other Web sites or resources over which Organic does not have control (“External Web Sites”).  Such links do not constitute an endorsement by Organic of those External Web Sites. You acknowledge that Organic is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and further agree that Organic is not responsible for the content of such External Web Sites.  Your use of External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies located on the linked to External Web Sites.

**Disclosure**   
We may provide your personally identifiable information and aggregate information to the vendors and service agencies that we may engage to assist us in providing the Site.  We will also disclose your personally identifiable information: (a) if we are required to do so by law, regulation or other government authority or otherwise in cooperation with an investigation of a governmental authority, (b) to enforce the Organic Terms of Use, or (c) to protect the rights, property or safety of Organic, its licensors and/or users of our Site.  We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any company or organization except we may transfer your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation or other corporate reorganization in which Organic participates or to a purchaser or acquirer of all or substantially all of Organic’s assets to which this Site relates.

Our computer systems are currently based in the United States, so your personal data will be processed by us in the United States where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union. If you create a user account with the Website as a visitor from outside the United States, by using the Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the United States, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in the European Union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this Privacy Policy.

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy please contact us via e-mail at [questions@organic.com](mailto:questions@organic.com).
