> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the amgen.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-07-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130703134329id_/http%3A//www.amgen.com/careers/privacy_statement.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Amgen - Careers - Privacy and Terms

Amgen Inc., Amgen USA Inc., and their affiliated entities (collectively, "Amgen," "We,” "Our" or "Us") are committed to respecting your privacy.  This Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") applies to information that We collect from you via this Web site (“Web Site” or “Site”), located at [www.amgen.com/careers](http://www.amgen.com/careers "http://www.amgen.com/careers"), and from your use of any Services that We provide via the Site.  “Services” means services provided by or on this Site, the Site itself, and any other services as defined in the [Terms of Use](http://wwwext.amgen.com/careers/terms.html "http://wwwext.amgen.com/careers/terms.html") for this Site, which are incorporated by reference.  This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that We may collect by other methods.

Please read this Privacy Policy carefully, as it will tell you what information We collect about you and your use of Our Services, how We collect, use, share, and protect that information, and the choices you have about how We use and share such information.  By using Our Site or Services, you agree that you fully understand and unambiguously consent to this Privacy Policy and to all other relevant terms, including Our [Terms of Use](http://wwwext.amgen.com/careers/terms.html "http://wwwext.amgen.com/careers/terms.html") for this Site. 

**Consent to Processing in the United States (“U.S.”) and elsewhere.   **This Site is owned and operated by Amgen Inc. in the U.S. The information that you provide will be accessible to Amgen Inc. in the USA but also to Our subsidiaries in other countries.  The information you provide will also be accessible to companies We contract with that are located in countries around the world to assist with the Services such as recruitment process vendors and recruiters. Furthermore, if you are visiting this Site from a country other than the U.S., your communication with Us will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries.  The level of legal protection for personal information is not equivalent in all countries; however, We will take the security measures described below to keep your data as secure as reasonably practical, and in accordance with applicable law.  By using Our Site or Services, you unambiguously consent to the collection, storage, and processing of your information in the U.S. and in any country to which We may transfer such information in the course of Our business operations, and as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy or other relevant terms. 

**This Site and its Services have been developed for use by Amgen and individuals seeking employment with Amgen and/or its subsidiaries.   Amgen will not knowingly collect, maintain, disclose or otherwise process Personally Identifiable Information of any individual who is deemed a minor in the jurisdiction where he or she resides.  If you are a minor, please do not provide us with any such information about yourself.  **

**_I.       Information We Collect_**

We have access to the following categories of information about you and your use of Our Services.  Only some of this information identifies you directly, but some information that does not identify you directly could be used to make inferences about you and, if combined with other information, might be capable of identifying you. 

_Information That You Provide_

**Personally Identifiable Information.**   “Personally Identifiable Information” is information that could be used to identify or contact you and includes data such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address and biographical information.  There may be many other kinds of Personally Identifiable Information, the foregoing list is provided by example only. **  
**  
 **Site Registration**.  You may browse jobs on this Site without registering.  To apply for a job, make your resume available for future jobs, and/or set up a Search Agent, you must register for a new User Account. The new User Account set up requires an e-mail address, password, and security question. You must then set up a Career Profile where you are required to provide the following Personally Identifiable Information: first name, last name, country, home phone number, e-mail address and source that referred you to Amgen. You may also submit additional information, such as your employment and educational history, to provide a more complete Career Profile. You have the opportunity at any time to update your Personally Identifiable Information contained in your Career Profile. **Within the Career Profile is a button titled Delete Profile. Clicking on this button will delete your User Account – however it will not terminate Amgen’s access to your Career Profile. Even if you click on the Delete button, your Career Profile will remain available to Amgen. Further, use of the Delete button will not remove or retract any job applications you previously submitted or remove your Personally Identifiable Information from the system. If you wish to re-enter the system after using this functionality you will be required to set up a new User Account.**

Any Personally Identifiable Information provided by you contained in the Career Profile is kept in our system as allowed by applicable law, unless you send Us an e-mail asking Us to delete it - even then, we will keep your information in our system as required by applicable law and any legal holds. For more information, see the section below entitled **Access, Correct, Update, or Delete* Personally Identifiable Information.  ** 

You may be given the opportunity to provide information on your gender and race/ethnicity where permitted by applicable law. We may gather this information from job candidates for reporting and record-keeping requirements. You should understand that, if provided, We will only use this information in accordance with applicable law and will not use it in making any employment decisions. Providing this information is strictly voluntary, and you will not be subject to any adverse action or treatment if you choose not to provide it. Such information will be kept in a confidential file separate from your application for employment.  
We encourage you to exercise good security practices by memorizing your e-mail address and password or keeping them in a safe place (separate from any Personally Identifiable Information), and logging out of your User Account and closing your Web browser before leaving your computer.  You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your User Name and password. You may not share your password with anyone else, temporarily or permanently, and you will be responsible for all uses of your User Account, whether or not authorized by you. You agree to immediately notify Us if you become aware of any unauthorized use of your User Account.

**Search Agent.** When you use the Site, you can also create what we call a “Search Agent” so that you can be automatically notified by Us when jobs meeting your search criteria have been posted. When you create a Search Agent, you will specify the search criteria based on your interests, provide your email address, and indicate how frequently you would like to be notified of matching positions. We may use the information you provide to contact or notify you of available positions that meet your criteria, or as otherwise permitted by this Privacy Policy.

**Amgen Recruiters.** Even if you do not complete a Search Agent, and even if you only apply for a single position through the Site, Amgen recruiters (including both Amgen employees and Amgen contractors that act as recruiters for Amgen) may contact you about other jobs for which you have not applied but that may be of interest to you based on information you provide about yourself through this Site.

**Correspondence with Amgen.   **You may report problems with the Site by e-mailing us at [staffing-hr-connect@amgen.com](mailto:staffing-hr-connect@amgen.com)[](mailto:amgenstaffing@amgen.com). If you send us e-mail, We will have your e-mail address as well as all other information you include in your e-mail.  Any feedback you submit becomes Our property, and We can use such feedback for business purposes or to contact you for further information.

_Information That Is Routinely Collected By Our Site Technology_

 **General Use.   **Whenever you use Our Site, We collect log information, which your Web browser automatically sends whenever you visit a Web site on the Internet.  Our servers automatically record this log information, which may include your Web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, browser language, the date and time of your request, and one or more cookies that may uniquely identify your browser (see description of cookies below).

**Cookies.   **We collect information about your use of Our Site through cookies and similar technology.  A "cookie" is a unique numeric code that We transfer to your computer so that We can keep track of your interests and preferences and recognize you as a return visitor to Our Site.  Cookie technology allows Us to collect "clickstream" data, which is not Personally Identifiable Information but which reflects your activities on the Site, including the pages you view.  Our cookies do not collect or keep your name or other Personally Identifiable Information.  We use the information collected by cookies for general statistical purposes, such as to track how many candidates run job searches, how many click to apply for a job or jobs, and how many actually submit an application for a position. 

**Web Beacons.   **Web beacons are tiny graphic image files embedded in a Web page or e-mail that send information from your browser back to the beacon’s originating server.  The information collected by Web beacons allows a Web site to statistically monitor how many people are using the site.  A third party service provider used by Amgen places Web beacons on this Site to track a user’s activity on this Site or across sites, or to let Us know if a user has opened an e-mail that We sent. The third party service provider uses web beacons to track which job board(s) (e.g., Monster.com), if any, you visited before arriving at this Site; whether you clicked through to this Site from a job board where an Amgen job was advertised, and/or whether you applied for a position and, if so, for which position(s) you applied.  The information collected by the Web beacons is not personally identifiable. 

**_II.      How We Use and Disclose Your Information_**

We use information about your activities and use of Our Services gathered in the manners described above to monitor user traffic patterns, analyze what Our users prefer so that We can improve Our Services, and potentially provide you with information about jobs that may be of interest to you. 

**Use of Personally Identifiable Information.   **We will use the Personally Identifiable Information you give Us to (1) send you a confirmation e-mail if you register with Our Site, (2) contact you if We need more information related to your application, Career Profile, or job search, (3) process a job application made by you, (4) respond to questions from you, (5) possibly contact you about jobs that may be of interest to you; and/or (6) possibly update you about changes affecting the Site, Our Services, or your User Account.   As noted above, this Site is owned and operated by Amgen Inc. in the U.S. The information that you provide will be accessible to Amgen Inc. in the USA and Our subsidiaries in other countries.  The information you provide will also be accessible to companies We contract with that are located in countries around the world to assist with the Services such as recruitment process vendors and recruiters. 

We reserve the right to contact you regarding your User Account, changes to our Site or related terms, and any other matter that might affect you or Our Services. We may combine the Personally Identifiable Information from your User Account and/or Career Profile with other information that we otherwise obtain, including information you provide to Us (such as by mail, fax, or phone) or authorize Us to obtain, and information from third parties. We use your User Account and/or Career Profile information and resume to combine with employment applications stored in other locations at our facilities to perform background verifications with third party vendors.

If you are offered and accept a position with Us, some of the information you provide through this Site and Our Services will be transferred into Our internal human resources and related systems located in the United States for use during your employment.  By using Our Site and Services, you agree to such a transfer and use of your information. 

**Use of IP Address.   **In addition to logging the IP address of your computer as you move about Our Site, We also may use your IP address to personalize Site content.  We retain IP addresses, and We may retain them together with Personally Identifiable Information that you provide and use such information for the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy, such as contacting you about jobs that may be of interest to you. 

**Use of Cookies.   **We may use the data We obtain through the use of cookies to customize your experience on Our Site by anticipating the information and Services that may interest you.  We also analyze the information collected with cookie technology to help Us improve the functioning of Our Site by monitoring traffic in popular areas and to modify the Services and information We provide to meet user demand.  We may link clickstream data to the Personally Identifiable Information that you provide through use of Our Services or through another source.  We use the information We collect through cookies for Our business purposes, including operation of Our Site, as well as possibly providing you with information on job openings that may interest you. 

**Use of Information for Investigatory, Legal and/or Compliance Purposes.** We may use all, or part, of the information described in this Privacy Policy for investigatory, legal and/or compliance purposes. 

**Limited Disclosure of Your Information.   **Except as set forth in this Privacy Policy or as you specifically agree or direct, We will not disclose to any third parties any information We collect from or about you through Our Services. 

**Disclosure for Legal or Safety Reasons.   **We may need to release Personally Identifiable Information and other information associated with Personally Identifiable Information to third parties: (1) to respond to a request, inquiry, or complaint that you have made; (2) to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order; (3) in the event of an emergency that threatens an individual’s life, health or security; or (4) in special cases in which We believe it is reasonably necessary to investigate, identify, or take preventive measures or bring legal action against someone who may commit or cause harm, fraud, abuse, or illegal conduct, such as a threat of harm to you or anyone else, interference with Our rights or property, or interference with U.S. homeland or national security or public safety anywhere in the world.  In the event of an emergency, or if We are legally compelled to disclose your Personally Identifiable Information to a third party, We will notify you, unless We believe that doing so would violate the law or a court order, or pose a threat or danger to anyone, or where it would seriously impede the proper execution of Our business operations.  We will also take measures to ensure that the requesting entity understands the need to protect any Personally Identifiable Information that it may receive.  We also reserve the right to cooperate with law enforcement authorities in disclosing information for the purpose of (1) investigating and prosecuting users who violate the rules of Our Services, Our [Terms of Use](http://wwwext.amgen.com/careers/terms.html) or engage in behavior that may be a breach of an agreement, illegal or harmful to Us, Our property, or others, or is a threat to U.S. homeland or national security, public safety anywhere in the world, or the conduct of international affairs, and (2) assisting such authorities in the administration of any law. 

**Disclosure to Operations and Maintenance Contractors.   **We may contract with third parties to provide services for Our Site or Services.  These contractors include vendors and suppliers who provide technology, content, and other services, recruiters, vendors who analyze data collected on Our Site, and vendors who send and/or respond to e-mail on our behalf (each, a “Contractor”).  These Contractors may have access to your Personally Identifiable Information in order to provide services to Us or on our behalf.  As noted above, the information you provide will also be accessible to companies We contract with that are located in countries around the world to assist with the Services such as recruitment process vendors. If We allow a Contractor to have access to your Personally Identifiable Information, We will not authorize the Contractor to use or disclose the information for any purpose that is not consistent with this Privacy Policy.  By using Our Services, you unequivocally consent to such use and disclosure of data as described herein, and as otherwise stated in this Privacy Policy. 

**Disclosure to Subsequent Owner or Operator.**  If We assign Our rights and obligations regarding any of your information at the time of a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or substantially all of Our assets to a subsequent owner or operator of this Site and Our Services, you will be deemed to have consented to the disclosure to, and use by, such subsequent owner or operator, of any information about you contained in Our files and records.  In the event of such a merger, acquisition, or sale, your continued use of the Site or any Services signifies your agreement to be bound by the privacy policy and other applicable terms of the subsequent owner or operator. 

**_III.   Links to Other Sites; Advertisements _**

We may advertise job openings on other Web sites and allow those sites to link to Our Site.  We do not permit third party advertisements on Our Site.    
Please be aware that We do not endorse or recommend the content or services of third party sites, and We are not responsible for the privacy practices, other terms, or content of such sites.  We encourage you to be aware of and read the privacy policy and other terms of each site you visit on the Internet.  Remember, the statements in this Privacy Policy apply solely to information collected by Us through this Site. 

**_IV.       Your Privacy Choices_**

When you use this Site, you have the following choices about the information you provide. 

**Accept/Reject Cookies**.  Your browser software can be set to reject all cookies, but if you reject Our cookies, certain functions and conveniences of Our Site may not work properly.  Cookies and similar technologies are how We ensure that We can promptly retrieve and deliver information to you when you use Our Site. 

**Access, Correct, Update, or Delete* Personally Identifiable Information.**   You are responsible for maintaining and updating the information in your Career Profile to keep it current.  You may access, correct or update Personally Identifiable Information that you have provided to Our Site at any time by logging in to your Career Profile, subject to certain restrictions imposed by applicable law.  You may also request deletion of your User Account by sending an e-mail to [staffing-hr-connect@amgen.com](mailto:staffing-hr-connect@amgen.com)[](mailto:amgenstaffing@amgen.com).  Where required by applicable law, We will notify you if We cannot accommodate such requests to correct, update or delete information, and provide an explanation as to why We cannot do so.

***Deletion Policy**.  All information that you provide via Our Services is stored in servers that are operated and maintained by Us and/or Contractors.  Upon receiving your request (by e-mailing us at amgenstaffing@amgen.com), We will delete your User Account, resume and the Personally Identifiable Information stored in the databases that We actively use for **recruitment if and when that information is no longer needed for any business or legal purpose, including without limitation any litigation hold order(s)**.  In addition, after receiving your request for removal, We will use commercially reasonable efforts to remove your Personally Idenfiable Information and not disclose any Personally Identifiable Information about you, except as required by law. 

**Retention of Personal Identifiable Information.   **Amgen will maintain copies of information about you, including Personally Identifiable Information and information used to make a decision about you, for at least as long as required to fulfill the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy, as necessary for business purposes, and in accordance with applicable law, including U.S. federal, state and local laws, and the laws of other countries. 

**Withdrawal of Consent.**   You may withdraw your consent to the purposes for which We collect, use and disclose your Personally Identifiable Information as set out in this Privacy Policy by e-mailing us at [staffing-hr-connect@amgen.com](mailto:staffing-hr-connect@amgen.com) and requesting deletion of your User Account.  For more information about our Deletion Policy, please see above. After withdrawing your consent, you will no longer be able to access the Services of this Site unless you register with the Site again.

**Communicate with Us by E-mail.   **You may communicate with Us via e-mail at [staffing-hr-connect@amgen.com](mailto:staffing-hr-connect@amgen.com)[](mailto:amgenstaffing@amgen.com) if you have questions about the Services of this Site, but please be aware of the limits on the confidentiality of e-mail communications.  While we will not disclose Personally Identifiable Information that We receive in e-mail unless such disclosure is necessary to respond to your request or inquiry, or is otherwise permitted as described above, all e-mail transmissions are vulnerable to unauthorized interception.  In addition, We remind you that e-mail sent or received through an employer's computer or computer system is not confidential and may be the legal property of your employer. 

**Handling of Complaints**.  We endeavor to promptly and appropriately handle complaints relating to the handling of Personally Identifiable Information.  Such complaints may be directed to [staffing-hr-connect@amgen.com](mailto:staffing-hr-connect@amgen.com).[](mailto:amgenstaffing@amgen.com)  We will acknowledge receipt of a complaint promptly, and will exercise reasonable efforts to respond to complaints within 30 days of receipt. 

If you live in Canada and are not satisfied with the manner in which we have addressed your complaint, you may contact the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada at the following address: 

Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada   
112 Kent Street  
Place de Ville  
Tower B, 3rd Floor  
Ottawa, Ontario  
K1A 1H3

**_V.      Our Security Measures_** ** _  
_**  
We want your personal information to remain as secure as reasonably possible.     
**Data Security**.  When you transmit Personally Identifiable Information directly to Our Site (as opposed to sending an e-mail), we use encryption technology to protect the integrity and privacy of the data.  As an added security precaution, all Personally Identifiable Information is kept physically behind firewalls that meet or exceed industry standards to prevent intruders from gaining access.  Although We will make reasonable efforts to protect Personally Identifiable Information from loss, misuse, or alteration by third parties, you should be aware that there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party could intercept an Internet transmission, or that someone will find a way to thwart Our security systems. 

**_VI.     Changes in Our Privacy Policy_** ** _  
_**  
We will only use your Personally Identifiable Information in the manner described in the Privacy Policy in effect when you provided the information.   However, We reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Policy, the Terms of Use, and other related terms at any time by posting revisions to this Site.  All such changes will be effective when posted, and your use of Our Site or any of Our Services thereafter will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes.   Accordingly, you should review the Privacy Policy for this Site each time you visit or log in to this Site. In the event We make any material change to this Privacy Policy that alters the use of your Personally Identifiable Information, we will notify you of such change by email, and you will have the opportunity to have that information deleted in accordance with the Deletion Policy set forth above. 

Effective date:  February 4, 2010. 
