> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the toboc.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181221184330id_/http%3A//www.toboc.com/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Toboc.com Privacy Policy, Global B2B Portal, International Business Directory Services

  *   
TOBOC.COM, a business-to-business platform for the exchange of information between international product suppliers and importers, is committed to protecting the integrity and privacy of your personally identifiable information ("PII"), whether such information may be tracked to you, as an individual, or to your company’s identity, transactions, products and/or services._________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * This Privacy Policy ("Policy") contains the terms and conditions of gathering, dissemination, disclosure and use by TOBOC B2B Marketplace India Private Limited ( TOBOC)of your PII obtained through your use of TOBOCs website located at www.toboc.com (the "website"). _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * **What is PII?**  
PII is personally identifiable information such as your name, residential address and e-mail address and includes information about your product and/or service subscription, credit information and billing records. Publicly available information, such as a public directory listing of your name, address, telephone number and electronic address, is not considered PII. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * **How does TOBOC.COM collect and disclose your PII?**  
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * **Registration Process:**  
You may browse through the website without registering and without providing any PII. If you choose to register, you will be asked to enter your contact information and business profile which may contain PII. Generalizing, all of your PII will be publicly available on the site and therefore accessible by any internet user based on his/her ability to attain the stipulated access levels. Your action of choosing to register yourself would amount to acceptance of this policy at your free will and your consent to disclosure, transfer etc. of PII. Any and all information, including PII that you disclose to Toboc.com becomes public information and you relinquish any proprietary rights (including but not limited to the rights of confidentiality and copyrights) to such information. Hence, exercise extreme caution when deciding to include personal or proprietary information as part of PII that you submit to us. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * **Complementary Information:**  
Information containing PII may also be collected to complement information obtained by a business partner or by a third party. In such instance, you are asked to validate and/or complement your contact information and profile, including any PII, as the case may be, to activate your account on the Website as a fully registered member. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * **General Use:**  
Given the nature of the Website, as a registered user, you understand and agree that all PII entered on the Website upon registration and update of your account, whether in the obligatory or optional fields provided, will be posted on the Website and made available to other users and to the public. Your PII will not be resold to other companies and will not be shared with any third party otherwise than as provided in this Policy. Also, you may start receiving business enquiries through email,phoneor normal mail, from various buyers and sellers that might or might not be of any interest to you. Toboc.com does not exercise any control or impose restrictions over its users for sending business enquiries to the listed members.Toboc.com is intended as a conduit for commerce between businesses and our services should not be used by individual consumers or for personal use. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * **Credit and Other Information:**  
When using our on-line payment feature to establish an account with us, you are providing us with further PII, such as billing information, credit card number and expiry date and information allowing the tracking of checks or other payment instrument. Only parties responsible for processing your registration and/or orders have access to your credit card and bank information. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * **Statistics:**  
We may also collect information that may include PII, obtained through registration and use of our Website. Such information, which is not traceable to individual users as such, is used for statistical, analytical, monitoring and marketing purposes. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * **Automatic Data Collection:**  
As with most Internet sites, the Website collects certain technical data, including your IP address (a unique number that identifies your access account on the Internet), domain, and web browser information. We do not log the specific identity of visitors. Technical data is used only to create broad demographic summaries of the Website usage and activity (such as average time spent and pages viewed) to assist us in providing useful content that is tailored to be of most value to our users. For example, this information is used by our Website developer in order to create new features, content, and services, and aggregate - not individual - information about our user base is also provided to actual and potential partners. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * **Cookies:**  
Our Website uses "cookies". Cookies are small text files transmitted by a website server to a temporary memory feature located in the personal computer of the website visitor. This gathering technology can be used to recognize repeat users and facilitate the user’s ongoing access to and use of the site, as well as to collect and archive information such as individual user’s address and/or domain name, type of browser, computer operating system as well as related websites. This information may generally serve to improve on our services but do not allow your identification. We do not record any PII in cookies or store any information about your movements on the Internet outside of our Website. You can choose to decline cookies (e.g., by setting your browser to reject cookies), but if you do, some parts of our Website may not operate properly. Web logs are maintained by this Website. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * **Employees, Agents and Contractors:**  
TOBOC.COM employs other companies and/or individuals to perform functions on our behalf. For instance, we may appoint third parties to develop software applications and/or databases functions or to send communications on our behalf. Your PII may be disclosed to such individuals in the course of TOBOC.COM’s business operations. All TOBOC.COM’s employees, agents and contractors who have access to your PII are required to protect the information in a manner that is consistent with this Policy. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * **Transfer, Co-banding and Partners:**  
You understand and agree that whether or not your registration is still in force, TOBOC may sell or transfer to third parties your contact and profile information, including any or all PII you have provided and posted on this website, in connection with the sale, purchase, merger, reorganization, liquidation or dissolution of TOBOC or otherwise than in such connection, in exceptional circumstances, provided that the third party to which the information is transferred or sold has expressly committed to protect your PII and seek confirmation from you on any further use of the information. You also agree that the PII collected through registration and use of the website may also be posted on any other TOBOC's partner, affiliate or co-brand’s website, as the case may be or TOBOC’s Potential partners, affiliate or co-brand’s website, as the case may be. Kindly note that the PII and general Information collected from you may be transferred, stored, used and processed outside your home jurisdiction. It is agreed that the transferee will require to adhere to the same level of data protection as TOBOC under this Agreement. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * **Third Party Disclosure:**  
In certain limited circumstances TOBOC may disclose, share or transfer your PII to unrelated third parties. For example, we may provide your PII to a third party at your request; to comply with a legal requirement or court order or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary; to investigate a possible crime, such as identity theft, or other unlawful activity; and in any similar circumstances. If such an event occurs, we will take appropriate steps to protect your PII.

If we have adequate reason to believe that a User is in violation of this Privacy Policy document or any other agreement with Toboc.com, then we reserve the right to make public or otherwise disclose such User's information including PII in order to pursue our claim or prevent further injury to Toboc.comor its interests. We may publish records of complaints and any penalties, actions or proceedings against such Users. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________

  * **PII Accuracy, Completeness and Withdrawal:**  
You have the responsibility to update and/or complete your account information which includes your PII posted on the Website. You can access, view and edit your account information through the online feature provided to that effect on the Website. If you no longer desire to be a member of TOBOC.COM, you may ask for the removal of your account and the deletion of your PII from the Website by contacting us at [info@toboc.com](mailto:info@toboc.com) _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * **Security Measures:**  
TOBOC.COM is committed to protecting the privacy of your PII. To protect the information you provide - including your contact information and profile and payment information— we use various web security tools. You password is essential to maintaining such security. We recommend that you never disclose your password to any third party and report any suspected unauthorized third party use of your password. You credit information and payment is effected through secured online payment systems like Paypal and Internet Secure. The website’s content together with communications to and from the website is protected by Thawte's advanced web security technology. Again, only parties responsible for processing your order have access to your credit card and bank information. However, given that no data transmission over the web may be guaranteed to be perfectly secured, we cannot ensure or guarantee the absolute security of any information you transmit to us. As a consequence, you do so at your own risk and TOBOC.COM, its agents, affiliates, directors, officers and employees may not be held liable for any users’ claim or loss related to unauthorized transmissions including theft, loss or misuse. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * **External Links:**  
The Website may contain links to Internet sites that are not operated by TOBOC. These links are provided as a service and do not imply any endorsement of the activities or content of these sites nor any association with their operators. TOBOC does not control these Internet sites and is not responsible for their content, security, or privacy practices. We urge you to review the privacy policy posted on web sites you visit before using the site or providing PII. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * **Changes to this Policy:**  
This Policy may be modified from time to time. Any modifications to our Policy will be reflected first on this page, so we invite you to check back regularly. If there is a significant change, we will indicate it on our Website and provide a link to the new Policy. _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * Grievance Officer:  
Ms. Anne Francis is designated as a Grievance Officer for addressing issues of any grievance in respect of Privacy Policy. Her contact details are as follow:  
Ph. No: +91-80-40640000  
Email address: [anne.francis@toboc.com](mailto:anne.francis@toboc.com) _________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
  * **Feedback:**  
If you have any questions/feedback, you can contact us at:  
TOBOC B2B MARKETPLACE INDIA PVT LTD  
CPB Complex, #749, 1st A Cross,  
Krishna Temple Road,  
Indiranagar 1st Stage,  
Bangalore – 560 038, India  
Email: [info@toboc.com](mailto:info@toboc.com)  
_________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________


