> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mig33.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060618002440id_/https%3A//www.mig33.com/privacy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# mig33 - mobile chat

This Privacy Policy applies to Project Goth Pty Ltd (ABN 42 106 084897) (" Project Goth ") 

Project Goth Pty Ltd is required to comply with the requirements of Privacy Act 1998. This privacy policy is a requirement of the National Privacy Principles and should assist you in understanding how we deal with your personal information. If you have any further questions about Project Goth's privacy practices, please contact the Project Goth team on +618 9488 3318 or e-mail us at [contact@mig33.com](mailto:contact@mig33.com).

## Collection of information 

We hold information that you have provided to us about yourself when registering as well as information collected from the way you use our services. The information collected during registration as a customer generally includes contact details and demographic information. The information generated by your use of our services includes your messaging patterns and details of any contact you have with Project Goth Pty Ltd such as through contact with our customer support staff. 

Failure to provide us with the information requested of time of registration may prevent us from establishing your account.

## Use of information 

We collect information from you so that we can: 

  * manage and administer the services we provide to you; 
  * administer your account; 
  * respond to your questions; 
  * solve any technical support problems; 
  * communicate with you about any modifications, upgrades or enhancements to our service; 
  * determine what sorts of services are likely to be most useful for you and to further develop our understanding of customers' needs; 
  * ensure your compliance with the terms and conditions of our service; and 
  * carry out a statistical analysis of the use of our Service. 



## Access to information 

If you would like to know what personal information we hold about you or, if you would like to correct any of the information that we hold, please contact the Project Goth team (details above). 

## Web site 

Our web site uses "cookie" technology. Cookies are pieces of information that a web site transfers to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. Cookies save your passwords, purchases, and preferences while you're using our website. The use of cookies is common on major websites and most web browsers are set to accept cookies. We do not use cookies to collect personally identifying information about users of our website. 

You may set your browser to refuse cookies but this may mean that you will not be able to take full advantage of the features available on our web site. 

## Storage of information 

Most personal information is stored on an electronic database system held on secure servers located in access-controlled facilities. The database system contains security features to protect customer information. We train all of our staff to respect the privacy and confidentiality of customer information. 

It is important that you maintain the confidentiality of any password, PIN or other ID check information in order to keep your personal information secure. Please notify us as soon as possible if you suspect that there is any unauthorised use of your account or there is any other breach of security.

## Contacting Us 

If you have any queries in relation to our Privacy Policy, or you have a problem or complaint, please call the Project Goth team (details above). 

More information on Australian privacy regulations can be obtained by contacting the Federal Privacy Commissioner's office on 1300 363 992, or visiting [www.privacy.gov.au ](http://www.privacy.gov.au/).

## Policy amendments 

From time to time, this statement may be amended. Project Goth reserves the right to change its privacy policy at any time and notify you by posting an updated version of the policy on its website. It is your responsibility to regularly check our website for these changes. The amended Privacy Policy will apply between us whether or not we have given you specific notice of any change.
