> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mightyape.co.nz privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121217031635id_/http%3A//www.mightyape.co.nz/help/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Help - Privacy Policy at Mighty Ape NZ

The Internet offers the chance to collect information about site users. This information can be personally identifiable information or aggregated information. However your privacy is important to us and we want to be sure that you understand the terms and conditions relating to the way in which we collect information and the use of that information.

This Privacy Policy tells you what information we collect, what we do with it and your rights to view, correct or change it.

### The information we collect

Mighty Ape operates the website [www.mightyape.co.nz](http://www.mightyape.co.nz/). As part of our operations we may gather certain types of information about the users of our sites:

  1. Personally Identifiable Information. This is provided by you when you register for services that we may offer. Examples of these services could include email newsletters or events. Providing this information will always be optional for you. However, some services may not be available to you if you choose not to provide it.
  2. Aggregated Data. This information is generated by our systems as they track traffic through our sites. This information does not identify you personally and is not linked to the personally identifiable information that you may have provided.



### Who we share this information with

  1. The information may be hosted with a service provider. Our agreements with them protect the information that we collect from any unauthorised use.
  2. The aggregated data (not the personally identifiable information) may be shared with third parties such as advertisers or business partners.
  3. Your personally identifiable information will only be shared with third parties when we believe in good faith that we are required to do so by law.
  4. Only if your prior permission has been obtained (which we would usually do at the time of collection), we may share the information with specified third parties.



### What else we do with personally identifiable information

We have collected this information in order to provide the best possible service to you while you are visiting our site. To this end we may use the information that you provide for the following purposes:  
1.To verify your identity if you need help with a forgotten password or you are having login problems with one of our site services.  
2. To process any transactions that you might make on our site.  
3. To help provide any other services that you have requested.  
4. To offer the most relevant information suitable to you and your interests.  
5. For any marketing, promotional, publicity, marketing or market research that we might undertake.  
6. For any other purposes for which you have given permission.

### What about cookies?

A cookie is a small file that resides on your computer and is recognised by our server when you visit our sites. A cookie does not provide us with any personally identifiable information. It does provide details of your IP address, the computer platform that you use (eg Mac or Windows), the browser that you use (eg Microsoft Explorer or Netscape) and what domain you are accessing our sites from.

With this information we can do the following:

  1. Track traffic patterns to our site.
  2. Ensure that the most relevant content is being shown.
  3. Allow you to enter certain site member services without having to log in each time you visit.
  4. If you would rather we did not use cookies with you, you can refuse them by turning them off in your browser and/or deleting them from your hard drive. You will still be able to visit our site.



### What about our advertisers and business partners?

This Privacy Policy only relates to our sites. You should be aware that we are not responsible for the practices of our advertisers or business partners. Our site may contain links to other sites. You should check their privacy policies before providing personally identifiable information to them or any other third party.

### Opting in and opting out

You will always have the option to opt in to certain services and to opt out of those services at any stage. This means you may change your mind at any stage about participating in any of our member services.

### Your right to access your information

The Privacy Act of 1993 gives you the right to access and correct your personal information. To find out more about how to do this, please contact us. Alternatively, post your corrections to the attention of the Database Marketing Manager at Mighty Ape, PO Box 80, Greenhithe, Auckland, New Zealand, 0756.

If you have any questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
