> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kabbage.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150319194428id_/https%3A//www.kabbage.com/company/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Kabbage Privacy Policy | Kabbage

  * ## General

This Privacy Policy describes the ways Kabbage Inc. ("Kabbage", we, us) collects, stores, uses and protects information we receive from you or that you may provide when you visit [www.kabbage.com](http://www.kabbage.com/). Kabbage may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time by posting a revised version on our website. By visiting [www.kabbage.com](http://www.kabbage.com/), you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. 

  * ## Information Collected

Kabbage collects two types of information: personal information that users knowingly disclose to Kabbage and website-use information automatically generated by users as they interact with the site. 

  * ## Personal Information

As part of the application process, Kabbage will collect information relating to you and your business in order to determine whether you qualify for a Kabbage Advance or Kabbage Loan. In addition, Kabbage collects two types of information from you on or through its website: (1) information that you provide to Kabbage (either directly or through access to third party websites where your information is stored), and (2) website-use information automatically generated as you navigate through the website. 

  * ## Customer Information

When you create an account with Kabbage, you are asked to provide customer information such as your name, your business name, address, phone number, email address and preferences to establish a customer profile. You will be asked to provide information related to your business, including information related to how your business receives, processes and forwards payments from your customers. Kabbage also collects other information related to your business such as social network data, shipping and other vendor service information, accounting information and, potentially other information that we may obtain from time to time during our relationship with you. Kabbage may collect specific financial information from you concerning your business, including bank account numbers and routing numbers for funding, transfer, and payment purposes. Kabbage also collects tokens from online marketplaces and payment systems such as eBay and PayPal. 

Kabbage may request additional information to help verify your identity and manage risk, including: date of birth, social security number or other information. We may obtain information about our customers from, identity verification services or credit bureaus. 

  * ## The USA Patriot Act

The USA Patriot Act has paved the way for financial institutions to help prevent fraud, identity theft, and the spread of terrorism. It requires financial institutions to obtain more information from an individual or legal entity to help establish identity. 

Your cooperation is needed when you open a new account or request a loan. You may be asked more questions to establish and confirm your identity. It may also be required for you to provide one or more of the following types of identification: 

    * Driver’s License
    * Passport & Country of Issuance
    * U.S. taxpayer Identification (ID) Number
    * Alien ID Card
    * Any other government issued document evidencing nationality or residence
  * ## Website - Use Information

Technologies such as: Cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Kabbage Inc. and our partners (marketing partners, etc.), affiliates, or analytics or service providers (payment processors, etc.). These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. 

We use cookies to remember users' settings and for authentication. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited. 

  * ## HTML5 LS

We use local storage (LSs) to store content information and preferences. Third Parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, use LSs to collect and store information. 

Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5 LSs. To manage HTML5 LSs please click here: <http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html>.

  * ## Analytics / Log Files

As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. 

  * ## Behavioral Targeting

We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking [Here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.

(Google AdSense/Adwords) We use Google AdSense to publish ads on this site. When you view or click on an ad a cookie will be set to help better provide advertisements that may be of interest to you on this and other Web sites. You may opt-out of the use of this cookie by visiting Google’s Advertising and Privacy page: <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html>

  * ## Security of Customer Information

Kabbage stores and processes customer information using our own secure data servers as well as third party servers located in secure data centers in the United States. Customer information is protected by physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable federal and state regulations. Kabbage uses computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and authorizes access to customer information only for those employees who require it to fulfill their job responsibilities. 

Kabbage never stores payment or related customer data at its office. Instead of storing payment information on company systems, Kabbage stores this information in PCI-compliant and PA-DSS certified data centers residing within the banking and processing network. Kabbage encrypts and securely transmits customer payment information to the banking network at the time of initial payment acceptance. Kabbage receives the response along with a "payment token" that it uses to reference that transaction for any future billing action. Kabbage stores only this secure token. 

  * ## Use of Information

Kabbage's primary purpose in collecting customer information is to establish a safe, smooth, efficient and customized experience and allow customers to take full advantage of our products and services. Kabbage uses customer information to (1) provide services and support; (2) process transactions and send notifications regarding general operation of the service; (3) resolve disputes, collect fees and troubleshoot problems; (4) prevent potentially prohibited or illegal activities; (5) enforce our Merchant Cash Advance Agreement or Loan Agreement; (6) customize, measure and improve our services; (7) update the content and layout of our website; and, (8) compare information for accuracy and verify it with third parties. 

  * ## Sharing of Information with Third Parties

Kabbage takes your privacy seriously, and will only use customer information as described in this Privacy Policy. We may share customer information with affiliates and business partners as well as third-party service providers under contract who support our business operations including customer services, transfer or payment, fraud prevention, secure data storage and other similar services. In addition, you may have authorized Kabbage to share data back to a service provider who you previously authorized to share data with Kabbage. Kabbage obtains assurances that these parties are properly licensed and regulated and only use customer information in connection with the services they perform for Kabbage or as you may have otherwise authorized. Kabbage may, from time to time, exchange information with third parties to determine the feasibility of a partnership. Our partners are required by contract with us to adhere to our Privacy Policy and implement the same safeguards for protecting customer information. 

In addition, Kabbage may disclose customer information under the following circumstances: to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of Kabbage's assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding; to third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out of such marketing disclosures; to fulfill the purpose for which you provide such information [ie., if you give us an email address as part of a referral program, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the recipients]; or any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information. 

Kabbage may share customer information with law enforcement, a State insurance authority, the Federal Trade Commission, self-regulatory organizations, or for an investigation on a matter related to public safety, to comply with Federal, State, or local laws, rules, and other applicable legal requirements; to comply with a properly authorized civil, criminal, or regulatory investigation or subpoena or summons by Federal, State, or local authorities; to respond to judicial process or government regulatory authorities having jurisdiction over the financial institution for examination, compliance, to report suspected illegal activity, to investigate any breach of our Merchant Cash Advance Agreement, Loan Agreement, or other agreement you have with Kabbage, or other purposes as authorized by law. 

Kabbage will only share a customer's information with third parties as described in this Privacy Policy. Kabbage will not share a customer's financial information with other customers without permission. 

  * ## Blog

Our blog is managed by a third party application that may require you to register to post a comment. We do not have access or control of the information posted to the blog. You will need to contact or log into the third party application if you want the personal information that was posted to the comments section removed. To learn how the third party application uses your information, please review their privacy policy.

  * ## Testimonials

We may display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our website in addition to other endorsements. With your consent we may post your testimonial along with your name and picture. If you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at [support@kabbage.com](mailto:support@kabbage.com).

  * ## Referrals

If you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our website, we will ask you for your friend's name and email address. We will automatically send your friend an email inviting him or her to visit the website. Kabbage stores this information for the purpose of sending this email and tracking the success of our referral program. Kabbage may send additional emails to your friend in connection with services offered by Kabbage. Your friend may contact us at [support@kabbage.com](mailto:support@kabbage.com) to request that we remove this information from our database. 

  * ## Links to 3rd Party Websites

Our website includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Kabbage. If you submit personal information to any of those websites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit. 

  * ## Social Media Widgets

Our website includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook "Like" button and Widgets, or interactive mini-programs that run on our website. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our website, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. Social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our website. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it. 

  * ## Opting Out or Editing Customer Information

To opt out of email correspondence from Kabbage or make a change to (or delete) the customer information Kabbage has on file for you, please contact us at [support@kabbage.com](mailto:support@kabbage.com) or 888-986-8263. You may write to us at Kabbage, P.O. Box 77073, Atlanta, GA 30357-1073. We will respond to your request within 30 days. Some customer information must be retained for regulatory reasons. 

  * ## Data Retention

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services you may contact us at [support@kabbage.com](mailto:support@kabbage.com). We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements or for other business purposes. 

  * ## Changes to Privacy Policy and Contacting Us regarding Privacy Policy

In the event Kabbage modifies this Privacy, we will update it on our website and post the new effective date. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the email address specified in your account) prior to the change becoming effective. Any questions or concerns should be addressed to: [support@kabbage.com](mailto:support@kabbage.com) or Kabbage, P.O. Box 77073, Atlanta, GA 30357-1073. For customer service inquiries please call: 888-986-8263. 

  * ## TRUSTe LICENSEE

Kabbage has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe's program requirements](http://www.truste.com/privacy-program-requirements/) including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. The TRUSTe program covers information collected through this website, [www.kabbage.com](http://www.kabbage.com/). 

TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us at [privacy@kabbage.com](mailto:privacy@kabbage.com). If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact [TRUSTe here](https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request). 

  * ## Safe Harbor

Kabbage complies with the U.S. - E.U. Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use and retention of personal data from the European Union member countries. Kabbage has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Kabbage's certification, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>. 

This Privacy Policy is Effective as of: September 12, 2014. 



