> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the meancoupons.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630054317id_/http%3A//www.meancoupons.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy of MeanCoupons

This web site is owned by MeanCoupons. We can be reached via e-mail at [admin@meancoupons.com](mailto:admin@meancoupons.com). We are committed to respecting your privacy. When you choose to provide us with personal information, be assured  **we will never sell or trade this information.**

Our Web server does not automatically recognize any information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail and subscribe to our newsletter. We aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.

The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page and not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above email address. If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.

With respect to Ad Servers, we do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. We will post the policy changes to our web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. We will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward.

Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by writing to us at the email address provided above. Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by contacting us by e-mail at the above address. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
