> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the measuredup.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-11-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141121143248id_/http%3A//www.measuredup.com/MeasuredUp-Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MeasuredUp.com Privacy Policy - MeasuredUp

**Measuredup.Com (MeasuredUp or ‘our’, ‘us’ or ‘we’) understands that its customers, visitors, users, and others who utilize http://www.measuredup.com or other websites owned or operated by MeasuredUp value their privacy. This Privacy Policy details important information regarding the use and disclosure of User Information collected on the MeasuredUp.com Web Site (as hereinafter defined). MeasuredUp.com provides this Privacy Policy to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue using the Web Site.**

**Effective Date: The most recent version of this Privacy Policy is effective as April 17, 2009..**

**Privacy Policy:** This Privacy Policy applies to MeasuredUp and/or other affiliated web sites or entities controlled by, or under common control with and through MeasuredUp (each such web site being individually referred to herein as the Web Site). MeasuredUp respects the privacy of its users, and this Privacy Notice details the information that is collected on our Web Site and how such information is used by MeasuredUp. Please read this Privacy Notice carefully. In addition, please review the Terms of Use posted at our Web Site, which governs your use of the Web Site. Your use of the Web Site indicates to us that you have read and accepted our privacy practices, as outlined in this Privacy Notice and in our [Terms of Use](http://www.measuredup.com/Terms-of-Services). Finally your use of the Web Site and any personal information you provide on the Web Site remains subject to the terms of this Privacy Notice and our Terms of Use. 

Please note that any video, image, or other content posted at the direction of Users onto the Web Site becomes published content and is not considered personally identifiable information subject to this Privacy Notice. 

**Applicability:** This Privacy Policy only applies to Web Sites owned and/or operated by or for MeasuredUp, and upon which MeasuredUp has placed a link which, when clicked, transfers you to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy only covers information collected at this Web Site, and does not cover any information collected by any other web site (unless otherwise specifically stated or disclosed by MeasuredUp), its corporate affiliates, licensees or any other company. 

### Disclosure of Information:

1\. Personally Identifiable Information: You provide certain personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, birth date or e-mail address - referred to in this Privacy Policy as PI) to MeasuredUp when choosing to participate in various activities on the Web Site such as uploading images, posting reviews, entering contests or sweepstakes, taking advantage of promotions, responding to surveys, or subscribing to newsletters or other mailing lists. Generally, you may browse our Web Site without providing us with PI. However, there may be times when we ask you to provide us with certain PI, such as when you choose to register with our Web Site or post a review. We may also ask you to provide us with demographic information or information regarding your interests, hobbies or similar information to enhance your viewing experience. MeasuredUp reserves the right, at any time, to modify, alter or add features to our Web Site that require you to register or otherwise provide additional PI or to require registration to access our Web Site. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you may not be able to participate in or view some of the Web Site's features. MeasuredUp does not sell, rent or share PI collected with other people other than that specifically described herein. 

2\. Underage users: The Web Site does not knowingly collect PI from children under thirteen (13) years of age. This is not a Web Site directed to children under the age of 13. If you are under 13 years of age, do not send any information about yourself to MeasuredUp. If MeasuredUp discovers that a child under the age of 13 has provided the Web Site with PI, we will delete that child's PI from the system. 

3\. Anonymous Information: When you visit the Web Site, our web servers automatically collect Web Site usage information. Web site usage information is anonymous information that describes how our visitors use and navigate our Web Site, and it includes the number and frequency of visitors to each web page and the time-span of their stays. MeasuredUp collects the anonymous information automatically as it is sent to us by your web browser as well as referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting our Web Site, and IP address. We may also determine what technology is available through your browser in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a web page. 

4\. Log File Information: When visitors open pages from our Web Site, our servers log the visitor's IP address. MeasuredUp may collect IP addresses for a range of internal purposes, such as system administration, to report aggregate information to our business partners or to review the number of visits to different pages on our Web Site. 

5\. Cookies Information: When you visit the Web Site, MeasuredUp may send one or more cookies - a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric characters - to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser. MeasuredUp does not store any PI in cookies, but it may link the cookie to any information it collects. You may occasionally get cookies from our advertisers, which is standard in the Internet industry. MeasuredUp does not control these cookies, and these cookies are not subject to our Privacy Policy. Visitors to our Web Site should check the Privacy Policy of the advertiser to determine how it uses cookies. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of our Web Site may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled. 

6\. Clear GIFs Information: When you use the Web Site, MeasuredUp may employ 'clear GIFs' which are used to track the online usage patterns of our Users anonymously (i.e., in a non-personally-identifiable manner). In addition, we may also use clear GIFs in HTML-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. 

### Use of Information:

1\. If you submit PI to MeasuredUp through the Web Site, then we may employ your personal information to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of the Web Site. We may also use your PI to contact you regarding your use of our Web Site or changes to our Privacy Notice, Terms of Use or other Notice or terms that affect you and your use of our Web Site. If you e-mail someone else a review or other special feature from our Web Site, MeasuredUp may use the information you provide about someone else to send that person the requested e-mail. 

2\. Any PI or content that you voluntarily disclose on the Web Site becomes publicly available and can be collected and used by others. Any reviews that you submit to the Web Site may be redistributed through the Internet and other media channels, and may be viewed by the general public. 

3\. MeasuredUp may not use your email address or other PI to send commercial or marketing messages without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. We may, however, use your email address without further consent for non-marketing or administrative purposes (such as notifying you of major Web Site changes or for customer service purposes). 

4\. MeasuredUp may use both your PI and certain non-personally-identifiable information to improve the quality and design of the Web Site and to create new features, promotions, functionality, and services by storing, tracking, and analyzing User preferences and trends. 

5\. MeasuredUp may use cookies, clear gifs, and log file PI to: (a) retain information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Web Site; (b) supply custom, personalized content and information; (c) examine the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, etc.; and (e) track your entries, submissions, and status in promotions, sweepstakes, and contests. 

6\. MeasuredUp may employ other trusted companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples may include analyzing data, providing marketing assistance and providing customer service. Such third parties may have access to our Users' PI in order to provide these services to us on our behalf solely for such purposes; however, they are not permitted to use it for any other purpose. 

7\. MeasuredUp may not rent, sell or otherwise disclose your PI to third parties unless disclosed herein or at the time such information is collected or unless you otherwise give consent, other than in the following limited circumstances: 

a. Legal Action: MeasuredUp may disclose information about its users, including PI, when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Web Site and applicable state and federal laws, or to protest against misuse or unauthorized use of our Web Site. We may also disclose user PI whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to limit our legal liability, to protect or defend our rights or property or protect the safety, rights or property of our users. We also reserve the right to disclose PI and/or non-personally-identifiable information that MeasuredUp believes, in good faith, is appropriate or necessary to enforce the [Terms of Use](http://www.measuredup.com/Terms-of-Services). 

b. Corporate Change: MeasuredUp may sell, transfer or otherwise disclose user information, including PI, to a successor entity in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, the sale of substantially all assets, or other fundamental corporate change respecting the Web Site. 

### Security:

1\. You may decline to submit personally identifiable information through the Web Site, in which case MeasuredUp may not be able to provide certain services to you. Please note that media files uploaded by Users to the Web Site cannot be removed and remain subject to our [Terms of Use](http://www.measuredup.com/Terms-of-Services). 

2\. MeasuredUp takes steps to secure the data you submit to us, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our user data. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be one hundred percent secure. Therefore, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to MeasuredUp, and you do so at your own risk. 

**Consent to Transfer:** The Web Site is hosted in the United States and is intended for and directed to Users in the United States. If you are a User accessing the Web Site from the European Union, Asia, or any other region with laws or regulations governing personal data collection, use, and disclosure, that differ from United States laws, please be advised that through your continued use of the Web Site, which are governed by U.S. law, this Privacy Notice, and our Terms of Use, you are transferring your personal information to the United States and you consent to that transfer. 

**Acceptance/Changes to Privacy Notice:** By using the Web Site, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. MeasuredUp reserves the right to modify, alter or otherwise update this Privacy Policy at any time at its sole discretion. We will post any changes here; therefore, please continue to check back from time to time. However, we will only use the PI you provide to the Web Site in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy, unless you give us your consent. 

### Third-party Advertisers:

1\. MeasuredUp permits other companies, called ‘third-party ad servers’ or ‘ad networks’, to deliver advertisements within the Web Site. They may also use other tools to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize advertising content. 

2\. As noted above, MeasuredUp does not provide any PI to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. However, please note that if MeasuredUp is requested by an advertiser to show an advertisement to a certain audience and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may determine that you fit the profile of the audience it is trying to reach. The advertiser may also use information regarding your use of the Web Site, such as the number of times you viewed an ad (but not any PI), to calculate which ads it should send to you. 

3\. If you are concerned with the use of your non-personal information by these third party advertisers, you should consult their respective privacy policies for more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. MeasuredUp's Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. 

**Contact Us:** If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please [Contact Us](http://www.measuredup.com/contact).
