> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kuwaitairways.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-04-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110425174810id_/http%3A//www.kuwaitairways.com/Default.aspx%3FpageId%3D19) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# KUWAIT AIRWAYS - Fly to Kuwait, Kuwait flights, Find Cheapest Fares

Copyright Clause & Online Privacy Statement 

The information stated in this website is subject to be amended without any prior notice. Kuwait Airways Corporation hereby assumes no responsibility, liability for errors that appear on this website. Kuwait Airways Corporation is a registered trademark of Kuwait Airways Corporation . All other trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their own respective companies. 

Online Privacy Statement

**Notice and Disclosure**

This Online Privacy Statement is made available to you in order to make you aware of how Kuwait Airways Corporation collects and uses individual identifying information of visitors to Kuwait Airways Corporation' website.

**Collection of Data for Statistics and Reporting**

When you link up to the Kuwait Airways Corporation website to view information or to download files we automatically collect the following data:

  * Type of domain name used to gain access to the Internet (i.e. .com, .org)   

  * The IP address attributed during the connection   

  * Date and time of access to the site   

  * Duration of site/page visit   

  * Browser used   

  * The operating system or platform installed on your personal computer or the access device used   

  * Search engine and meta tags used to track the Kuwait airways corporation website on the web   

  * Type and nature of files or information that has been downloaded.



These log files are intended to map the number of visitors on various sections of our website and to continuously improve the content of the site.  
Kuwait Airways Corporation does not make individual identifying information available to third parties.

Kuwait Airways Corporation' collection of personal identifying information is governed by the Kuwait Law No. 5 of the year 1999 for the protection of privacy in the context of the collection and manipulation of personal data, concerning the protection of privacy for handling and traffic of such data 

**Use of Cookies**

A cookie is a small data file that certain websites write to your hard drive when you visit them. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you've visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie cannot read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other websites.

When accessing information stored in a database format, a basic version of cookies is used to transfer an answer to the user who has initiated a question. 

Nowhere on the Kuwait Airways site however are cookies being used that store specific information on the user or surfer. Cookies on the Kuwait Airways Corporation site serve a mere functional purpose i.e. they are generated by an IIS web server (Internet Information Server), stored in the memory of the browser implicating they disappear once the browser session has been terminated.

**Data Quality and Access**

The accuracy of your individual identifying information is important to us. We are working on ways to make it easier for you to review and correct the information that Kuwait Airways Corporation maintains about you, since you are entitled to reviewing, amending and removing your personal data. In the meantime forward your questions concerning this subject to the corporate webmaster via E-mail on [web@kuwaitairways.com](mailto:web@kuwaitairways.com)

**Data Security**

Kuwait Airways Corporation is committed to taking reasonable steps to protect the individual identifying information that you provide to us.

**Use of E-mail**

When you sign up for an email list or if you send us an email to obtain information you will be exchanging personal identifying data. We intend to use those data to answer your requests and perform follow-up on your questions.   
Kuwait Airways Corporation does not make individual identifying information available to third parties.

**Personal Information**

Kuwait Airways Corporation may collect the following identifying information when utilizing our website: Name, address, telephone number, email address and flight booking details to provide scheduled email newsletters, special offers, and other similar information.  


**Web Survey's**

When your cooperation is requested in a web survey on our website we will articulate the purpose of the data collected in the context of that particular survey.

**Links to Other Websites**

Kuwait Airways Corporation website contains links to other websites of product and service vendors, manufacturers and partner companies. When you use the links to visit these sites the privacy policy of the visited website will be applicable from the moment you enter the new domain.  

