> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the copyandpasteemoji.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190630003903id_/https%3A//www.copyandpasteemoji.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Copy and Paste Emoji

* * *

Date of last revision: May 22, 2018

CopyAndPasteEmoji.com ("us", "we", or "our") operates the [https://www.copyandpasteemoji.com](https://www.copyandpasteemoji.com/) website (the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data. We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you consent and agree to this Privacy Policy and the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

Unless otherwise defined in this [Privacy Policy](https://www.copyandpasteemoji.com/privacy), terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our [Terms and Conditions](https://www.copyandpasteemoji.com/terms).

## Definitions

  * **Service**. Service is the [https://www.copyandpasteemoji.com](https://www.copyandpasteemoji.com/) website operated by CopyAndPasteEmoji.com
  * **Personal Data**. Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
  * **Usage Data**. Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
  * **Cookies**. Cookies are files with small amount of data (which may include an anonymous unique identifier). A site or its service provider transfers cookies to your computer or mobile device through your Web browser (if you allow) and enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information.
  * **Data Controller**. Data Controller means the natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal information are, or are to be, processed. For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your Personal Data.
  * **Data Processors (or Service Providers)**. Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.
  * **Data Subject (or User)**. Data Subject is any living individual who is using our Service and is the subject of Personal Data.



## Data Controller

CopyAndPasteEmoji.com is the Data Controller of your personal data provided to, or collected by or for, or processed in connection with, our Service. You can contact us by [email](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#53303c232a323d372332202736363e3c393a13343e323a3f7d303c3e).

## Information We Collect

We collect several different types of information to provide and improve our Service and its features.

### Comments and Reports

If you post a comment, we collect, store and publish the date of the comment, user's name, comment, and other information you choose to provide. If you leave a report, we collect, store and publish the date of the report, report, and other information you choose to provide.

In addition, the IP address assigned by the Internet service provider (ISP) to you is also logged. This storage of the IP address takes place for security reasons, and in case the data subject violates the rights of third parties, or posts illegal content through a given comment or report. The storage of these personal data is, therefore, in the own interest of the data controller, so that he can exculpate in the event of an infringement.

### Communication

If you communicate with us by email or any other form, we collect information about your communication and any information you choose to provide.

### Usage Data

We collect information how the Service is accessed and used ("Usage Data"), including the pages that you visit and links or buttons you click on our Service, posting a comment or leaving report, performing a search, the time, date, frequency and duration of your visits to the Service and other diagnostic data.

### Log Data

We automatically collect log information when you use the Service. That information includes, among other things: details about how you’ve used the Service (including links to third party sites or services), Internet Protocol (IP) address, access times, your browser type and operating system, device information, device event information (e.g., crashes, browser type), and the page you’ve viewed or engaged with before or after using the Service.

### Cookies

We use and allow our business partners to use Cookies and similar technologies (may include beacons, tags, and scripts) on the Service, or engage others to track your behavior on our behalf.

We use Session Cookies to operate our Service and Security Cookies for security purposes. We also use other cookies and cookies from the third parties:

  * **Google Analytics**. Google Analytics uses cookies to collect data and then track, monitor, and provide reports about the use of our Service. This information is not personally identifiable. We are using IP Anonymization in Analytics to anonymize the IP address as soon as technically feasible at the earliest possible stage of the collection network. The full IP address is never written to disk in this case. You can find more information about IP Anonymization in Analytics in [here](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/2763052). You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the [Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). You can find more information about Google Privacy Policy in [here](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en) and about Google Analytics’ data privacy and security in [here](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245).
  * **Google AdSense and DoubleClick**. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to our website or other websites. Google's use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet. Google AdSense use cookies, device-specific information, location information and other information stored on, accessed on, or collected from your device in connection with the Google Adsense search and advertising services, including, as applicable, information about your options for cookie management, in order to display ads on our Service. You can review technologies used in advertising and how to control them in [here](https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads), Google Privacy Policy in [here](https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en). To opt out of personalized advertising, please visit [Ads Settings](https://www.google.com/settings/ads). To opt-out of personalized ad delivery on the Google content network, please visit [Google’s Ads Preferences Manager](https://www.google.com/ads/preferences/) or if you wish to opt-out permanently even when all cookies are deleted from your browser you can install their plugin [here](https://support.google.com/ads/answer/7395996). You can review how DoubleClick uses cookies in [here](https://support.google.com/dfp_premium/answer/2839090?hl=en&ref_topic=7395141).
  * **Cloudflare**. Cloudflare uses cookies in order to identify malicious visitors, to reduce the chance of blocking legitimate users, and to provide customized services. You can review Cloudflare Cookie Policy in [here](https://www.cloudflare.com/cookie-policy/).



If you choose to use the Service without blocking or disabling cookies or opting out of other technologies, you will indicate your consent to our and our partners’ use of these cookies and other technologies in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service. To find out how to see what cookies have been set and how to reject and delete cookies, please visit [https://www.aboutcookies.org](https://www.aboutcookies.org/).

You can opt out of a third-party vendor's use of cookies for personalized advertising by visiting US-based [aboutads.info choices page](https://optout.aboutads.info/) or the EU-based [Your Online Choices page](http://www.youronlinechoices.com/uk/your-ad-choices). Or you may choose to change your browser settings to opt-out of cookies.

## Use of Data

CopyAndPasteEmoji.com uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * To provide and maintain our Service
  * To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so
  * To provide customer support
  * To gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service
  * To monitor the usage of our Service
  * To detect, prevent and address technical issues
  * To detect, prevent and take actions against activities that are, or may be, in breach of our Terms of Service or applicable law



## Legal Basis for Processing Personal Data under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are from the European Economic Area (EEA), CopyAndPasteEmoji.com legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described in this Privacy Policy depends on the Personal Data we collect and the specific context in which we collect it.

CopyAndPasteEmoji.com may process your Personal Data because:

  * Consent: you have given clear consent to do so
  * Legal obligation: it is necessary for us to comply with the law
  * Legitimate interests: it is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of a third party and it's not overridden by your rights



## Retention of Data

CopyAndPasteEmoji.com will retain your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

CopyAndPasteEmoji.com will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

## Transfer of Data

All data, including Personal Data, may be transferred and maintained outside of your country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

We collect, store, and use data, including Personal Data, in the United States. However, from time to time, it may be necessary for us to transfer data, including Personal Data, to Lithuania.

CopyAndPasteEmoji.com will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure of Data

CopyAndPasteEmoji.com may disclose your Personal Data for the following reasons:

  * Business Transaction. If CopyAndPasteEmoji.com is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your Personal Data may be transferred.
  * Disclosure for Law Enforcement. Under certain circumstances, CopyAndPasteEmoji.com may be required to disclose your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
  * Legal Requirements. CopyAndPasteEmoji.com may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a legal obligation, to protect and defend the rights or property of CopyAndPasteEmoji.com, to prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service, to protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public or to protect against legal liability.



## Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us, but no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## "Do Not Track" Signals

We do not support Do Not Track ("DNT"). Do Not Track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. You can enable or disable Do Not Track by visiting the Preferences or Settings page of your web browser.

## Your Data Protection Rights under General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)

If you are a resident of the European Economic Area (EEA), you have certain data protection rights. CopyAndPasteEmoji.com aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your Personal Data. In certain circumstances, you have the following data protection rights:

  * The right of confirmation. You can obtain the confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed by contacting us at any time.
  * The right to access, update or to delete the information we have on you. You can access, update or request deletion of your Personal Data by contacting us at any time.
  * The right of rectification. You have the right to have your information rectified if that information is inaccurate or incomplete.
  * The right of restriction. You have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal information.
  * The right to object. You have the right to object to our processing of your Personal Data.
  * The right to data portability. You have the right to be provided with a copy of the information we have on you in a structured, machine-readable and commonly used format.
  * The right to withdraw consent. You also have the right to withdraw your consent at any time where CopyAndPasteEmoji.com relied on your consent to process your personal information.



If you wish to access, update or delete information we hold about you please contact us by [email](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#42212d323b232c263223313627272f2d282b02252f232b2e6c212d2f). Please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.

You also have the right to complain to a Data Protection Authority about our collection and use of your Personal Data. For more information, please contact your local data protection authority in the European Economic Area (EEA).

## Service Providers

We use certain reputable third parties, some of whom may be located outside of the European Economic Area, to provide us with certain specialized services related to the Platform. These third parties may have access to certain information about you, but only where this is necessary in order for those third parties to provide their services to us.

### Google Analytics 

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google, Inc. (“Google”) that tracks and reports website traffic. This data is transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States and may be shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

### Google AdSense and DoubleClick

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google's use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.

You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings in [here](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/).

You can find more information about how Google manages data in its ads products in [here](https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sites).

### Links To Other Sites

Our Service may include or offer third party products or services, contain links to other sites that are not operated by us and have separate and independent privacy policies.

If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit. We have no control over and assume no responsibility or liability for the products, services, content, privacy policies or practices of any third party site.

### Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("Children"). Children under the age of 18 should not use our Service at any time, unless applicable laws allow using such service.

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. If You are aware that Children has provided or we have collected Personal Data from someone under the age of 18 and applicable laws do not allow such collection, please alert us and the information will be removed from our systems as soon as is reasonably possible.

If we become aware that we have inadvertently collected Personal Data from children under the age of 18 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

### Changes To This Privacy Policy

CopyAndPasteEmoji.com may revise this Privacy Policy at any time without further notice by posting revised Privacy Policy on this page. Your continued use of the Website after any such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Privacy Policy.

If you do not agree to abide any future Privacy Policy, do not use, access the Service. It is your responsibility to regularly check this page to determine if there have been changes to this Privacy Policy and to review such changes.

Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page. We will post the changes to this Privacy Policy on this page and will indicate on this page the date these terms were last revised. Any revised version will be deemed applicable when published on this Website.

### Contact Us

If you have any comments, questions, suggestions or you feel we do not comply with any of the above stated Privacy Policy terms, please contact us by [email](https://web.archive.org/cdn-cgi/l/email-protection#9bf8f4ebe2faf5ffebfae8effefef6f4f1f2dbfcf6faf2f7b5f8f4f6).
