> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the copyright.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-03-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050305220611id_/http%3A//www.copyright.com/ccc/do/viewPage%3FpageCode%3Di3) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Copyright.com

## Privacy Policy 

By using the copyright.com Web site or any other Copyright Clearance Center Web site, you agree to the terms of the CCC Online Privacy Policy, as outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use these sites.

**Collection of Personal Information**  
You may access and read most of our Web sites without giving us any information that identifies you. However, when you engage in certain activities on these Web sites, such as seeking and receiving permissions, authorizations or licenses to use the copyrighted works of the copyright rightsholders CCC represents, CCC may ask you to provide certain information about yourself and/or your organization by filling out and submitting an online form. It is completely optional for you to fill out the form and/or engage in these activities. Should you choose not to do so, however, it may be impossible for CCC to provide the license that you are seeking. On the other hand, should you do so, CCC may require that you provide us with personal information, such as your name, organization name, mailing address, e-mail address and other identifying information. Further, should you choose to use a credit card to pay CCC, you may be asked to provide a card number, expiration date and name of cardholder. CCC collects this information in order to record and support your participation in the activities you select. For example, CCC may use the information that you provide in order to verify the details of any license issued to you or in order to keep you informed about CCC products and services. Among other things, CCC uses the information in accordance with its obligations to participating rightsholders to identify uses of copyrighted materials provided by those rightsholders, which obligations vary from CCC program to program. Details about such obligations under any particular CCC program are available from CCC upon request. CCC does not, however, share information with rightsholders (i) about individuals within CCC's organizational customers, (ii) about credit card details, or (iii) about the use of OTHER rightsholders' copyrighted materials. CCC recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of this information. Therefore, except as disclosed above, we do not release or sell lists of our customer names to any outside organization. Further, your personal information is password-protected to prevent unauthorized access to it. This password is encrypted; we recommend that you not disclose your password to anyone. Finally, when you submit personal information to CCC, you understand and agree that CCC and its subsidiaries, affiliates and trusted vendors may transfer, store and process your customer profile in any country in which we do business, including but not limited to the United States. Please be advised that CCC is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of any other Web site to which copyright.com or any other CCC Web site may link. 

**Use of Cookies**  
When you visit copyright.com, or any other CCC Web site, you can surf the site anonymously and read important information without revealing your identity. In order to improve our sites we use "cookies" to track your visit. A cookie is a small string of data that is transferred to your browser from a Web site and can only be read by the Web site that gave it to you. It acts as an identification card, recording your passwords and preferences (if you have identified yourself to the Web site) and possibly your license status. It cannot be executed as software code or deliver viruses. 

Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies, or to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it. CCC's web-based offerings now include a few Web pages that would be inaccessible without a cookie, and those are pages associated with an "automated log-in" feature that allows you to access your account information while bypassing the need to provide your identity and password each time. There is no requirement that you use the automated log-in feature, and not using it will not affect your ability to use any other part of our web offerings or to use CCC's general services. In the event that CCC decides to create any other web offerings that are inaccessible without a cookie (which CCC reserves the right to do), you will be given the option to accept the cookie necessary for such access. In the event that you accept our cookies, CCC uses them to track your visit to any CCC web offering, and, as part of the ordinary operation of the Internet, our computers automatically log the IP/Internet address of your computer. However, none of this information (other than the automated log-in feature) identifies you personally and you remain anonymous unless you have otherwise provided CCC with personal information.

**Changing Our Records of Your Personal Information**   
You have the right to correct your personal information. This may be accomplished either directly on those screens that allow you to edit your personal information or by writing to CCC at: Copyright Clearance Center, Inc., Business Operations Department, 222 Rosewood Drive, Danvers, MA 01923, USA (or our e-mail address [info@copyright.com](mailto:info@copyright.com)). Please include your name, address and/or e-mail address when you contact us and please be specific about your request.

**Changes to this Privacy Policy**  
When we make any material change to this Privacy Policy, we will inform you by posting a notice on the homepage of copyright.com for 30 days that the policy has been updated and by changing the date on this page noting when the policy was last updated.

This page was last updated on 10/07/2004.
