> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tame.it privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161129133412id_/https%3A//tame.it/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Tame | Privacy

[](https://web.archive.org/ "Back to Home")

## 1\. Data Privacy Statement

Please note that for the time being we are here presenting our German language privacy policy and notices, pursuant to the applicable German law. 

The following declaration ensures we comply with our legal obligations concerning information, and also informs you of the storing of data, the type of data, its purpose and our identity. We also inform you of initial transfer and the type of data transferred. 

## 2\. Subject matter of the Data Privacy Statement

The subject matter of data protection is personal data. This involves individual details concerning personal or material relations of a specific individual or individual to be defined. This includes details such as e.g. name, postal address, email address and usage data such as the IP address of a computer. 

## 3\. Automatic anonymous data collection, processing and usage of data

We automatically collect, process or use non-personal information which is passed on to us by your browser (cookies). This information includes: 

  * Browser type/ -version,
  * Operating system,
  * Referrer URL (source of a link),
  * IP-Adress (Host name of the computer used),
  * Time and date of the server enquiry



In most web browsers you can select the setting in the menu bar via the ‚Setting function‘, so that in future your browser does not accept any new Cookies or deactivates Cookies already received. However this may result in restrictions to individual functions of the internet site. If you still wish to reduce the use of Cookies, you must ensure that each computer and each browser you work with has the required level of protection. 

## 4\. Personal data collection, processing and use initiated

In principle, the collection, application and use of personal data is not required for use of an internet site. Such action is not taken by us. Data collection, processing or use is only made if you specify your personal data on a voluntary basis. This may be required, for example, in the following cases: 

### a) Registration

Prior registration may be required for the conclusion of a license agreement. For this, personal data have to be specified. The following personal data are requested in such a process: 

  * Name, first name
  * Email Adress



### b) Newsletter

If you wish to receive our newsletter, we require a functional email address allocated to your name as well as other personal data which enable us to check that you are the owner of the email address specified. You can withdraw approval of storage of personal data, the email address and its use for the dispatch of newsletters at any time. 

### c) Handling of the contract

It may be necessary to pass on your personal data to companies which we commission to provide services or to handle the contract. These may include e.g. transport companies or other service companies. There is no passing on of data to third parties outside the purpose of handling business dealings. 

### d) Passing on of data to third parties or to state institutions and authorities

Passing on of data to third parties in other cases is only made if you have given prior approval to such action. You are entitled to revoke an approval granted at any time taking immediate effect for the future. 

We only pass on data to state institutions and authorities authorized to receive such information within the scope of legal obligations or as a result of a court order. 

### e) Data transfer to another country

We transfer data to other countries. It is ensured that the recipient of data ensures appropriate data protection and especially undertakes to observe the ‚Safe-Harbour‘ principle (i.e. acceptance of minimum standards for the handling of customer data) and that no other interests worthy of protection on the part of the customer speak against such data transfer. To ensure appropriate level of protection at the recipient of data we use the model contract of the European Union for the transfer of data into other EU states in the revised version of the decision of the European Commission dated 05.02.2010. 

### f) Google Analytics

This website / the connected services use Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "Cookies", text files which are stored on your computer and which enable analysis of your use of the website. The information generated by the Cookie concerning your use of this website is normally transferred to a server of Google in the USA and stored there. By order of the operator of this website, Google will use such information to evaluate your use of the website in order to compile reports on website activities to provide further services to the website operator in connection with website use and internet use. The IP address transferred from your browser in the course of Google Analytics is not linked together with other data of Google. You can prevent storage of Cookies by means of respective adjustment of your browser software; however, we herewith point out that in such a case you may not be able to use all functions of this website completely. You can also prevent collection of data generated by the Cookie relating to your use of the website (incl. your IP address) being passed on to Google and processing of such data by Google, by downloading and installing the plugin available from the following link: (<http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout>). In view of the discussion concerning the application of analysis tools with complete IP addresses we would like to point out that this website uses Google Analytics with the upgrade "_anonymizeIp()" and that IP addresses are therefore only processed in abbreviated form in order to exclude direct reference to the respective person. 

### g) Facebook Social Plugins

We have embedded plugins of the social network Facebook, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA, into our website. You can recognize these plugins by the Facebook logo or the “Like-Button” on our website. Here you will find a list of the [Facebook-Plugins](http://developers.facebook.com/plugins). When visiting a page of our website that contains a Facebook plugin, a direct connection between your browser and a Facebook server is established. 

By this connection, the plugin provides Facebook with the information that you have accessed a certain page of our website with your IP address. When clicking the Facebook Like-Button while you are logged in to your Facebook account, you can link content of our site to your Facebook profile. Facebook can then assign your Facebook account with the visit to our website. We point out that we as a provider of this website do not know details about the data submitted to Facebook or the use of that data at Facebook. Here you can find further information about Facebook‘s policy of privacy protection: [Facebook Like Button](http://www.facebook.com/help/?faq=17512). 

If you do not have an account at Facebook on the accessing computer or this has been otherwise deactivated, it is still possible that Facebook may find out what your IP address is and store it. According to Facebook, only one anonymized IP address is stored in Germany. The purpose and scope of data collection and further processing and use of your data by Facebook as well as respective rights and adjustment options available to protect your privacy are specified in the data protection notes of Facebook, at: [Facebook Privacy](http://www.facebook.com/policy.php). 

If you don‘t want Facebook to be able to assign your visit of our website to your Facebook account, please log out of your Facebook account. 

It is also possible to block Facebook social plugins with additional software for your browser, for example with the tool [„Facebook Blocker"](http://webgraph.com/resources/facebookblocker/). 

### h) „+1“ Button of Google+

This website / these linked services use the „+1“ button of the social network Google+, operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, United States („Google”). The button can be identified by the „+1“ symbol on a white or multi-color background. 

If you select a sub-site with this button of our website / linked services, your browser creates a direct connection to the servers of Google. The content of the „+1“ button is transferred by Google directly to your browser and embedded by the browser in our website. Therefore, we have no influence on the scope of data which Google collects with the aid of this button. According to Google, no personal data is collected without a click/use of the Comment or Share function. Only for users with a Google+ account who are logged in to Google+ via the button when selecting the site are certain data, including the IP address , collected and processed, according to Google. 

The purpose and scope of data collection and further processing and use of your data by Google as well as respective rights and adjustment options available to protect your privacy are specified in the data protection notes on the „+1“ button at: [Google Data Protection Notes](http://www.google.com/intl/de/+/policy/+1button.html). 

### i) Twitter

This website / these linked services use the buttons of the service Twitter. These buttons are provided by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA. They are linked to terms such as „Twitter“ or „Follow“, and can be identified by the symbol of a blue bird. Using these buttons it is possible to share the respective content of this website / linked services on the news portal „Twitter“ or to follow us at „Twitter“. 

If you select a sub-site with this button of our website / linked services, your browser creates a direct connection to the services of Twitter. The content of this button is transferred directly by Twitter to your browser and embedded from there into our website. Therefore, we have no influence on the scope of data which Twitter collects with the aid of this button. According to Twitter, only the IP address of the user and the URL of the respective website are transferred when using the button, but not used for any other purposes than the display of the button. 

Further information on this is available in the data protection notes of Twitter at: [Twitter data privacy](http://twitter.com/privacy)

### j) Usage of tele-media

We collect and use personal data, in so far as such are required, to facilitate usage of tele-media (user data). Such user data especially includes features to identify the customer, data on the start and end and scope of the respective use and data on tele-media used by the respective customer. 

### k) Use of User Data for Accounting

We use User data beyond the end of the usage process in so far as such data is required for accounting purposes with the customer (accounting data). We compile usage data of a customer concerning the use of different tele-media in so far as such is required for accounting. The service provider may block such data to fulfill existing legal, statutory or contractual safekeeping periods. 

### l) Passing on of data to third parties

We transfer accounting data to other service providers or third parties, in so far as such is required, for the calculation of payment and for accounting with the customer. If we have entered into a contract with a third party concerning the collection of payment, he may pass on such accounting data to a respective third party in so far as such is required for this purpose. Anonymized user data may be transferred to other service providers for the purpose of market research. 

## 5\. Minors

We take special care to ensure protection of personal data of children. Therefore, we do not knowingly collect, process or use data of minors unless the parents or legal guardians have granted their approval. As soon as we identify that minors enter personal data themselves without the respective approval or if personal data is entered about such persons, we will delete such data immediately. 

## 6\. Right to Information

You have the right to demand information on data stored about your person at any time, also with regard to recipients or categories of recipients to which data is passed on and the purpose of storage, in so far as such information relates to the origin of such data. Please address your enquiry to the respective center specified below. 

## 7\. Deletion and Blocking

We undertake to delete the data processed for our own purposes as soon as their content is no longer required for the fulfillment of the purpose of storage. Blocking replaces a deletion in so far as a deletion conflicts with legal, statutory or contractual safeguarding periods, or there is reason to assume that interests worthy of protection of the person involved may be impaired by deletion, or if a deletion is not possible due to the special type of storage involved, or would only be possible at disproportionate, unreasonable expense. 

In addition, you can have data collected by us blocked, adjusted or deleted at any time. Deletion only takes place if you withdraw your approval for the collection, processing and usage of personal data. If such withdrawal is declared in the course of a business transaction, deletion is made immediately on completion of such. 

Further legal deletion or blocking obligations remain unaffected. 

## 8\. Technical and organizational Measures

We undertake to take technical and organizational measures required to ensure execution of regulations concerning data protection in so far as expenditure is at a reasonable level in view of the protection purpose aimed for. In the case of communication by email, we cannot guarantee complete data protection, which is why we recommend that confidential information always be sent by regular mail. 

## 9\. Identity of the Center responsible

The center responsible in terms of the Data Protection Act is 

Tame Tazaldoo UG (limited liability)  
Luisenstraße 53  
DE 10117 Berlin 

You can also contact us via email [info@tame.it](mailto:info@tame.it) erreichbar. 

## 10\. Revocation

You can revoke approval of collection, processing or use of your data for the future at any time. 

The cancellation should be addressed to: 

Tazaldoo UG (limited liability)  
Luisenstraße 53  
10117 Berlin  
GERMANY 

Email [info@tazaldoo.com](mailto:info@tazaldoo.com)
