> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nubella.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071226034000id_/http%3A//www.nubella.com/content/view/1786/79) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Nubella

**Nubella Privacy Statement**  


 **Our privacy guidelines are effective as of December 9, 2005.** This privacy policy ("Policy") discloses the data collection and use practices of Nubella ("Nubella") in connection with the Nubella Web site (the "Web Site"). This Policy does not apply to personal information collected from offline resources and communications. This Policy also does not apply to third party online resources to which Nubella websites may link and where Nubella does not control the content or the privacy practices. Please read this Policy carefully. Should you have any questions about this Policy or our data collection, use or disclosure practices, please contact us at the address or number at the end of this Policy. **What is Personal Information?** The term "personal information" as used in this Policy means any information or set of information that identifies an individual. **What Information Do We Collect?** Nubella collects personal information online through websites and other online resources. We collect personal information through our registration form and from registration information you provide to our marketing partners (for users that join Nubella though one of our partners). Information collected at registration includes, but is not limited to, name, address, email address, gender and birthdate. Additional information collected may include, but is not limited to, such health and lifestyle information about you and your family as marital status and household information (spouse, children, pets, etc.); ethnicity; education; income; occupation; purchasing habits; reading habits; insurance; height; weight; physical and mental health conditions and diseases; symptoms; treatments; medications; medical devices; vitamins; health habits; and participation in research surveys and clinical trials. In addition, we might receive information about you from outside sources and add it to your Nubella membership information. We do this to improve personalization of our services (for example, providing better newsletter content, advertising or special offers that we think will interest you). We also may compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending identical messages to our members. Even if you do not register with Nubella, we collect non-personal information about your use of our website, special promotions and newsletters, using tracking technologies, such as cookies.  We may collect information such as the identification of the server your computer is logged onto and whether you opened a Nubella e-mail delivered to you. Certain information that we request is necessary for us to provide one or more Nubella services to you. Other information is optional. However, if you elect not to provide this optional information this choice may limit the value of the Nubella experience for you. For example, if we do not have your children's ages, we will not be able to provide information about their developmental stages or suggestions for age appropriate games and activities. As you can see, the more information we have about you, the more valuable the Nubella experience will be for you. **How We Use the Information We Collect** We may use information collected: 

  * to provide you with personalized information via electronic delivery and/or direct mail; 
  * to send you targeted advertising via electronic delivery and/or direct mail; 
  * to contact you for feedback and surveys via electronic delivery and/or direct mail; 
  * to send you general and administrative information about your Nubella membership via electronic delivery and/or direct mail; and 
  * to provide your contact information to Nubella marketing partners whose offer(s) you have selected to receive in order for them to send you those offer(s) via electronic delivery, telemarketing and direct mail. 

We do not send or support the delivery of unsolicited bulk e-mail (a.k.a. "spam"). **Market Research** You may choose to participate in market research activities through Nubella, including health panels and surveys. When participating in such activities, we may ask you to submit personal information. We may combine the personal information you provide to us with research tools and information from other sources, including prescription information. We use this information to perform research, and to prepare reports and analyses for our clients. Our reports and analyses to clients are made only on an anonymous basis. Our clients never see any single individual's personal information and we will not use the personal information you provided during market research activities to advertise, promote, or market goods or services to you. **Agents** We employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf. These agents have access to member information as needed to perform their functions for Nubella. While Nubella may undertake efforts to see that any third party to which Nubella shares or otherwise discloses a member or user's information is under a contractual obligation to use the information solely for the purposes for which the data was disclosed, such third parties are independent third parties over which Nubella exercises no control. Nubella is not responsible for, and will not be liable for, their conduct, actions, omissions, or information handling or dissemination practices. **Third-party Advertising** We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web Site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [_click here_](http://www.advertising.com/Privacy.html).  These companies are independent third parties over which Nubella exercises no control. Nubella is not responsible for, and will not be liable for, their conduct, actions, omissions, or information handling or dissemination practices. **Cookies** Nubella may place cookies on your hard drive. Internet cookies save data about individual visitors, save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit the Nubella Web Site, and help us to deliver personalized content and other services. Many Web browsers are automatically set to accept cookies. You may change your browser settings to either reject cookies or notify you when a cookie is about to be placed on your computer. Please note, however, that rejecting cookies while visiting the Nubella Web Site may result in certain parts of the Nubella Web Site not operating correctly or as efficiently as if they were allowed. For example, if you are a Nubella member, you may need to enter your username and password each time you visit the Nubella Web Site. If we use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf, these companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. These companies are independent third parties over which Nubella exercises no control. Nubella is not responsible for, and will not be liable for, their conduct, actions, omissions, or information handling or dissemination practices. **E-mail Links** In some instances we may include certain links in our e-mails that will allow us to monitor whether you access specific content or advertisements contained in that e-mail. When you click on one of these links, we will record that click and certain activities on the Web page associated with that link. We may use this information for various purposes, such as to conduct internal research on our users' demographics, interests, and behavior in and to our e-mail advertisements and content, and to better understand and serve you. **Disclosures** Nubella may disclose information about you and your use of the Nubella Web Site and the Nubella Services if Nubella believes such disclosure is reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with the law or legal process; (ii) to protect or defend the rights or property of Nubella or others; (iii) to enforce the Nubella Terms and Conditions or this Privacy Policy; and (iv) to respond to claims that the content(s) of a communication violates the rights of another. Also, circumstances may arise where, for business reasons, Nubella may decide to reorganize, or divest all or part of its business through sale, assignment, merger or acquisition. In these circumstances, personal information may be shared with the actual or prospective purchasers or assignees. **Security** The Nubella Web Site has security measures in place intended to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under its control. Our hardware infrastructure is housed in a controlled access facility that restricts access to authorized individuals with positive identification. Our network access to the infrastructure is protected by a firewall protection system. Member information is backed up on a periodic basis to protect against accidental loss. However, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and Nubella will not be intercepted by others and that information stored on our servers will be free from unauthorized access. While we have taken reasonable precautions to protect this information, you should always use discretion in what information you send to us and not expect that such information will be absolutely free from intrusion. The confidentiality of any communication or material transmitted to or from Nubella via this Web Site or via e-mail cannot be and is not guaranteed. Accordingly, Nubella is not responsible for the security of information transmitted via the Internet. Instead of communicating with Nubella via e-mail or the Internet, visitors can contact Nubella by telephone at 972-735-0828. **Children** In general, Nubella services and websites are not directed at children and are designed for individuals who are 18 years of age or older. We will not request or knowingly collect information from an individual under 13 years of age. **Reports** We periodically prepare analyses and reports reflecting visitor and member use of the Nubella Web Site and Nubella Service for our internal use as well as for a limited number of our business partners. These reports include aggregate information about Nubella members, and in certain instances, visitors to the Nubella Web Site. The information in these reports will not identify you individually. Our business partners who have access to these reports will not be able to contact you from the information contained in the reports. **Referral Program** As part of our referral program, you can provide contact information (such as name and e-mail address) of your friends and family whom you think would like to receive Nubella e-mails and use the Nubella Service. The users referred to us receive sample Nubella e-mails, but do not become members until they confirm their interest in the service. **Links** The Nubella Web Site, as well as the electronic messages sent as part of the Nubella Service, may contain links to other sites or services. Nubella is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such third party sites. If you have a question about the privacy policy of those other sites, please contact them directly. **Give-Aways and Contests** We may conduct give-aways and contests on the Nubella Web Site in which we may ask you for additional information. We use and treat this information in accordance with the terms of this Policy. **Changing Your Status** As a convenience to our members, we provide a number of different opportunities to review and change information in your profile and to unsubscribe from the Nubella Service. For example, you can go to the Nubella Web Site and log into your profile page to make any desired changes. Similarly, each e-mail message you receive from us will contain one or more links to the Nubella Web Site that allow you to conveniently access this information. Or, you can unsubscribe at any time by emailing [_info@nubella.net_](mailto:info@nubella.net). To request that your information is removed from our database, send an e-mail request to [_info@nubella.net_](mailto:info@nubella.net).  [We will attempt to delete such information, where feasible, after we receive a request to delete information. At the current time, we are not able to offer users the ability to delete all information from our database. Please be advised that by requesting that your data be removed from our database, you will be unsubscribed from the Nubella Service. ](mailto:info@nubella.net. "mailto:info@nubella.net.")We will attempt to delete such information, where feasible, after we receive a request to delete information. At the current time, we are not able to offer users the ability to delete all information from our database. Please be advised that by requesting that your data be removed from our database, you will be unsubscribed from the Nubella Service. **Updates** Nubella reserves the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, update, change, modify or revise this Privacy Policy or our services simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Web Site. Any such addition, update, change, modification or revision will be effective immediately upon posting on the Web Site. Upon any change to this Privacy Policy or our services, we may also notify you via e-mail. If you do not accept the terms of this Policy, we ask that you do not register with Nubella, or alternatively, you can email [_info@nubella.net_](mailto:info@nubella.net) to unsubscribe. Nubella is offered by Marketing Technology Solutions Inc., Edison, NJ. **Contact Us** If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this Web Site, or your dealings with this Web Site, you can contact: 

****Primary Mailing Address:**** **  
**

5068 W Plano Parkway, Suite #250  
Plano, TX 75093  
Fax: (214) 889-4200 ****email:**** [_info@nubella.net_](mailto:info@nubella.net)[ ](mailto:info@nubella.net "mailto:info@nubella.net")
