> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 11v11.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-10-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20131017053039id_/http%3A//www.11v11.com/welcome/158-terms-conditions-privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 11v11 - Terms and conditions, privacy policy

### Legal Notices

Copyright © AFS Enterprises Limited 2013, All Rights Reserved The material on this site is protected by copyright and/or database right throughout the world and is owned by AFS Enterprises Limited or its licensors. You may read, print and download it for private use. You may not commercialise or otherwise copy it without our permission. Use of this Site is subject to our Terms and Conditions 

#### Trade Marks

"AFS Enterprises" ™ and "AFS"™ are trade names of AFS Enterprises 

#### Further Information

For copyright and trade mark enquiries contact : The Copyright Manager AFS Enterprises Limited 113d Palace Road London SW2 3LB. Telephone (+44) (0)20 7720 5079. Or email [enquiries@11v11.com](mailto:enquiries@11v11.com)

#### Privacy

 **AFS Enterprises' and AFS' commitment to privacy** AFS Enterprises Limited and all its divisions, including AFS, are committed to protecting the privacy of those using our site and the confidentiality of the personal information with which our subscribers provide us. **Data Protection Act 1998** We are registered under the Data Protection Act 1998 and comply with Act in all our dealings with your personal data. **Your personal information is safe with us** AFS Enterprises will never sell personal information or share personal information with third parties unrelated to it. At AFS Enterprises we use the information we collect to serve our customers in the following ways: 

  * If you become a subscriber to AFS or a user of other AFS Enterprises services your name, e-mail address, address and other information on the subscription form are kept by us and used to remind you when your next subscription is due.
  * We may also use your contact information to let you know about enhancements to the site and your subscription entitlements. If you would rather not receive this information please inform us by e-mail at [enquiries@11v11.com](mailto:enquiries@11v11.com).
  * We do not use **cookies (defined below)** for collecting user information from the site and we will not collect any information about you except that required for system administration of the Web server. 



**Cookies** Message given to a web **browser** by a **web server.** The message is then stored by the browser in a text file called _cookie.txt._ Each time the browser requests a page from the server, this message is sent back. A cookie's main objective is to identify users and personalise their visit by customising web pages for them, for example by welcoming them by name next time they visit the same site. A site using cookies will usually invite you to provide personal information such as your name, e-mail address and interests. Our website contains some affiliate marketing links, which means we get paid commission on sales of those products or services we write about. Our editorial content is not influenced by advertisers or affiliate partnerships. We use a 3rd Party to enable these affiliate partnerships. You can read their [Privacy Policy](http://skimlinks.com/privacy-policy#users) and find more information on [the cookies they use](http://skimlinks.com/user-cookies). **Further Information** For further information on data protection and privacy contact:- The Data Protection Manager, AFS Enterprises Limited, 53a Philip St, London, SW8 3SR. Telephone (+44) (0) 20 7720 5079. Facsimile (+44) (0) 20 7627 8346. Or email [enquiries@11v11.com](mailto:enquiries@11v11.com) Information on the Data Protection Act 1998 is also on **[www.ico.org.uk](http://www.ico.org.uk/)**. Use of this Site is subject to our Terms and Conditions 

#### Terms And Conditions For Use Of Web Site [www.11v11.com](http://www.11v11.com/)

These are the terms and conditions of AFS Enterprises Limited and its division, AFS (Football Statisticians) of 113d Palace Road, London, SW2 3LB. Telephone (+44) (0) 20 7720 5079. **1\. Use of Web Site on these Conditions** All use of the web site [www.11v11.com](http://www.11v11.com/) ("the Site") is on the terms and conditions below. If you do not agree to these conditions cease use of the Site immediately. You may print and keep a copy of these terms. They are a legal agreement between us and can only be modified with our consent. We reserve the right to change the terms at our discretion by changing them on the web site. Where goods or services are purchased on the Site (when available in due course) these are on our Terms and Conditions of Supply, not these terms. **2\. Accuracy of Information** AFS Enterprises Ltd/AFS ("we") do our best to ensure all information on the Site is accurate. If you find any inaccurate information on the Site let us know and we will correct it, where we agree, as soon as practicable. You should ensure information you send to us is accurate and does not breach anyone else's rights such as copyright or is libellous, obscene, menacing, threatening, offensive, abusive, fraudulent, criminal or infringes the rights of other people or in is in any way illegal. Remember that the Site can be viewed around the world and the information you send to us will be published on the Site. You should independently verify any information before relying upon it. We make no representations that information is accurate and up to date or complete and accept no liability for any loss or damage caused by inaccurate information. This Site gives a large amount of statistical data and there will inevitably be errors in it. **3\. Copyright and Contributions to the Site** AFS has benefited over the years from contributions from subscribers and others. All AFS subscribers and users of the Site are encouraged to make such contributions which are gratefully received. There is no payment for contributions. You must make sure you own all the intellectual property rights, including copyright and database right, in contributions which you send to us to publish on the Site ("Contributions") or you have permission from the rights owner to do this and that no contract, confidentiality or other obligation would prevent your making the Contribution. You must identify who the rights holder is and send to us your and their address and name, as well as email address when making a Contribution in case we have any queries. Anonymous Contributions are not accepted. You should retain copies of all Contributions and other postings and information you send to us electronically, through the Site or otherwise. You waive your moral rights to be identified as author of the Contribution and let us modify the Contribution. It may, for example, be necessary to shorten Contributions or cut them to fit the Site. If there are any restrictions on the use to which we can put the Contribution we must be told in advance and we may have to reject it. We reserve the right to reject any Contribution at our discretion. All Contributions received will be assumed to be for publication on the site and any further use, at its discretion of AFS Enterprises and copyright and database right and other intellectual property rights in contribution you write for the site will automatically vest in AFS Enterprises Limited. For other contributions you assign all such rights to us and/or undertake to do so. In any event contributions are assigned to AFS Enterprises on an exclusive, royalty free perpetual basis and on the basis that the contributor assigns all its rights in the contribution to AFS Enterprises Ltd If you have already submitted a Contribution to AFS, it will be on the basis set out here, unless we hear from you otherwise. The Site contains copyright material, trade names and other proprietary information, including, but not limited to, text, software, photos, graphics and may in future include video, graphics, music and sound. The entire contents of the Site are protected by copyright law. We, or our licensors, own copyright and/or database right in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of such content, as well as in the content original to it. You may not modify, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit, any of the content, in whole or in part except as provided in these Terms. You may download information from the Site for your own personal use only. Except as otherwise expressly permitted under copyright law, no copying, redistribution, retransmission, publication or commercial exploitation of downloaded material will be permitted without our express permission and that of the copyright owner. In the event of any permitted copying, redistribution or publication of copyright material, no changes in or deletion of author attribution, trademark legend or copyright notice shall be made. You acknowledge that you do not acquire any ownership rights by downloading copyright material. AFS Enterprises™ and AFS™ and our logos on this site are trade names of AFS Enterprises Limited. You may not use those names without our consent. **4\. Message Boards** We encourage users of the Site to contribute to our message boards, some of which are reserved for subscribers and some of which are for general use. You must follow our Bulletin Board Rules of Conduct and use is only authorised on that basis. We expect many of those contributing to our message boards to have strong views about the sport, but the Site is subject to the laws of libel and you and we could be sued if you are not careful in what you say. You should not make libellous postings or any postings which are illegal or breach copyright, database or other related rights. It is your responsibility to check this out and we do not accept any liability in this respect. If you see any information there which breaches your or anyone else's rights or may be illegal, defamatory or otherwise should be removed let us know immediately and, where we agree, we shall do our best to remove it as soon as possible. You must indemnify (pay) us for any losses we suffer if you breach this provision or any other provision of these Terms or the Bulletin Board Code of Conduct. Although we listen to users' suggestions for new message boards, we cannot guarantee to include every topic everyone requests. We reserve the right to remove postings to message boards or edit them at our discretion, but have no obligation to do so. Some message boards have restricted access and use is limited, for example, only to subscribers of AFS. Subscribers must ensure only they use those message boards and they do not allow non-subscribers to use them using a subscriber's own password. Subscribers must keep their passwords confidential. **5\. Our Liability** We provide information on this Site free of any access charge and on the basis of no liability for the information given. **In no event shall we be liable to you for any direct or indirect or consequential loss, loss of profit, revenue or good will arising from your use of the Site or information on the Site. All terms implied by law are excluded.** We accept liability for death or personal injury caused by negligence or responsibility for fraudulent misrepresentation that cannot, under English law, be excluded. We are a distributor (and not a publisher) of content supplied by third parties and users of the Site. Any opinions, advice, statements, services, offers, or other information or content expressed or made available by third parties, including information providers, or users, are those of the authors or distributors and not of us. We do not necessarily endorse nor are we responsible for the accuracy or reliability of any opinion, advice or statement made on the Site. **6\. Barring from the Site** We reserve the right to bar users from the Site, whether they are AFS subscribers or not, on a permanent or temporary basis at our discretion. Any such user shall be notified and must not then attempt to use the Site under any other name or through any other user. **7\. Legal Jurisdiction and Dispute Resolution** English law shall apply to these terms, notwithstanding the jurisdiction where you are based. You irrevocably agree that the courts of England shall have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute which may arise out of, under, or in connection with these Terms and for those purposes irrevocably submit all disputes to the jurisdiction of the English courts. The place of performance shall be England. **8\. General** Any formal legal notices should be sent to us at the address at the end of these Terms by email confirmed by post. Failure by us to enforce a right does not result in waiver or such right. You may not assign or transfer your rights under this agreement. **Further Information** Further information on these conditions or any queries on them can be obtained from:- The Legal Officer, AFS Enterprises Limited, 113d Palace Road, London, SW2 3LB. Telephone (+44) (0) 20 7720 5079. Or email [enquiries@11v11.com](mailto:enquiries@11v11.com) AFS Enterprises Limited is a company registered in England, registered office at 53a St. Philip Street, London, SW8 3SR 

#### Forum / Mailing Lists / Blog and Match Comments

 **TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE OF BULLETIN BOARDS on[www.11v11.com](http://www.11v11.com/)** Version 1 25th March 2000 

#### Rules of conduct:

We encourage users of the [www.11v11.com](http://www.11v11.com/) site ("the Site") to contribute freely to our Bulletin Boards / Mailing Lists / Blog and Match Comments, as long as they do it responsibly, free of insult and respectful of others. To ensure you and we are protected, we have developed a standard of conduct that is strictly enforced. These Rules of Conduct should be read with our Terms and Conditions for Use of Web Site which contain important information about our liability and copyright matters. Comments posted on our sites which violate our standards are routinely removed without further comment. 

  * No profanity or obscenities of any kind, even disguised with *asterisks
  * No personal attacks on other participants (personal attacks are defined as comments that reflect upon the person instead of their opinion)
  * Slanderous, defamatory, obscene, indecent, lewd, pornographic, violent, abusive, insulting, threatening and harassing comments are not tolerated.
  * Please do not stray from the discussion topic
  * No impersonation of other participants or public figures. A user may choose an appropriate nickname on message boards or in chat as long as a real name is used in the personal information field (which is not publicly visible on message side).
  * No advertising of any kind, including non-profit organisations
  * No third party copyright material should be posted, although we encourage contributions to be sent for our Site. Please use links instead of quotes from sources rather than copying the material.
  * In message areas no over sized fonts, JavaScript, tables, headings or other advanced HTML commands are allowed. Please use only bold or coloured fonts to emphasise your points. 


