> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the upliftconnect.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140526155327id_/http%3A//www.upliftconnect.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Uplift

**Information we collect**

UPLIFT Connect collects personal information to assist in conducting business with our clients and individuals. The primary reasons for storing this information are:

  * To provide information, services and resources
  * To evaluate potential employees and communicate employment opportunities
  * To gather feedback for improving our website and the manner in which we conduct business



Information may be collected by phone, in person, by email or by filling out printed or online forms. Personal information is not collected without your prior knowledge or consent. We will not use or disclose your details to a third party without your consent. While unlikely, we may be required to disclose your information as required by law.

**Information you provide**

The information you actively provide to us will be stored and used only for our own purposes. We will only record your email address if you provided it to us. We will not disclose your email address to any third party without your consent.

**Web server statistics and analytics**

Our web server records information about your visit and logs it for statistical purposes. This information is tracked anonymously and pages accessed, files downloaded, date and time of your visit, may include, the browser and operating system you are viewing the site from, the referral website, session duration.

This website also uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (‘Google’). Google Analytics uses ‘cookies’, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

**Information Security**

UPLIFT Connect takes reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, improper disclosure, or unauthorised destruction. We apply generally accepted standards of technology and operational security to keep personal information secure. Personal information is stored in our databases, which is access by authorised staff. Unfortunately no server of the Internet can be guaranteed as 100% secure and hence, we are unable to guarantee security.

**Third party websites**

This privacy policy does not extend beyond this wesite and are not responsible for the privacy practices of websites that we may link to.

If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy please email us at info@upliftconnect.com.
