> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the uploadables.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-08-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100819002903id_/http%3A//uploadables.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

### Privacy Policy

  


### Last Updated: 04-10-2010

  
The Uploadables service allows users to send files to one or more recipients identified by a valid email address (the "Service") either through the Uploadables.com web site (the "Site") or one of the Uploadables software applications or plug-ins available for download from the Site (the "Software"). The Service operates by storing the user files on a Uploadables server and then sending to the recipient(s) an email message that contains a link to the user file. The recipient(s) can then access and download the user file by clicking on the link. 

We provide this Privacy Policy to inform you of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of the personal information we receive from users of the Site, the Service and the Software. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, you should contact Uploadables at admin@Uploadables.com and label it "Legal". 

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time and will handle your information in accordance with the version that was in place when you submitted it. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on the home page of the Site. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Uploadables Terms of Services. 

As used in this policy, the terms "using" and "processing" information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including without limitation collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally. Information Collection and Use 

Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve the Service, the Site and the related features and content, to administer your subscription and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Site. Below are the types and categories of information that we collect. 

* When you register with us through the Site or order certain services from us we will ask you for personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Information"). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home and business postal addresses. We use your Personal Information mainly to provide the Service and administer your inquiries. 

* We also collect certain other information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your profile web page (e.g., without limitation, your zip code and the state in which you live) ("Non-Identifying Information"). 

* We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) mainly to provide the Service, complete your transactions, and respond to inquiries. 

* We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other Uploadables Users (defined below) to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyze and understand how our Site and Service are used. Subject to the section below titled "Information Sharing and Disclosure," we may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions. 

* We also use your Personal Information to contact you with Uploadables newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications. We will comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable. 

Log Data. When you visit the Site or use the Service, whether as a Uploadables subscriber or a non-registered user just browsing (any of these, a "Uploadables User"), our servers automatically record information about your use of the Service and your visit to the Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data includes the filename and file size of all files that you make available via the Service. The Log Data may also include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (IP) address, your browser type, what Software you were using, the web page you were visiting immediately prior to visiting our Site, pages of our Site that you visited, the time spent on those pages, information you searched for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Service and for the Site's technical administration, to improve our Site's functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors' needs. We also use this information to verify that users of the Service meet the criteria required to process their requests. Because the filenames you submit are not treated as Personal Information, we recommend that you do not include any personally identifiable information in the filenames of files that you make available via the Service. Cookies 

Like many web sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk for record-keeping purposes. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site. Second, we utilize session cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by Uploadables Users and general web traffic on the Site. We link the information we store in cookies to the Personal Information you submit to us while you are on the Site. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. Uploadables does not have access to or control of any cookies that its advertisers may store in your browser and this Privacy Policy does not apply to the use of cookies by advertisers. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the web sites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all the functionality of the Service. 
