> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the uploadbox.io privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190423170055id_/https%3A//uploadbox.io/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Upload Box - Easy way to share your files -

Definitions
    We may use certain terminology that is succinct and simple. In order to assist you in better understanding this terminology, please read the definitions?which act as a guideline only and are not binding in instances where it would be absurd-carefully
Information Collected
     Whenever you visit UploadBox, we may collect non-identifying information from you, such as your IP address, referring URL, browser, operating system, cookie information. 
Use of Your Information
     We may use your information to: Enhance or improve User experience, our Site, or our Service. Send e-mails about our Site or respond to inquiries. Perform any other function that we believe in good faith is necessary to protect the security or proper functioning of our Site or Service. 
Cookies
     Throughout the course of our provision of our Service to you, we may delegate our authority to collect, access, use, and disseminate your information. For example, our web host stores the information that you provide us, and we may hire outside contractors to perform maintenance or assist us in securing our website. It is therefore necessary that you grant the third parties we may use in the course of our business the same rights that you afford us under this Privacy policy when they work on behalf of UploadBox. For this reason, you hereby agree that for every authorization which you grant to us in this Privacy policy, you also grant to any third party that we may hire, contract, or otherwise retain the services, to the extent that the authorization is used to provide you with the UploadBox Service. You agree that if any of these third parties commit any civil or criminal wrongs with your information, you will hold them responsible for it and not attempt to recover any damages from UploadBox, even if the law says that UploadBox could be held liable as well. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, you authorize us to use Google Analytics, for general web analytics purposes. 
Release of Your Information for Legal Purposes
     At times it may become necessary, for legal purposes, to release your information in response to a request from a government agency or a private litigant. You agree that we may disclose your information to a third party where we believe, in good faith, that it is desirable to do so for the purposes of a civil action, criminal investigation, or other legal matter. In the event that we receive a subpoena affecting your privacy, we may elect to notify you to give you an opportunity to file a motion to quash the subpoena, or we may attempt to quash it ourselves, but we are not obligated to do either. We may also proactively report you, and release your information to, third parties where we believe that it is prudent to do so for legal reasons, such as our belief that you have engaged in fraudulent activities. You release us from any damages that may arise from or relate to the release of your information to a request from law enforcement agencies or private litigants. 
Security Measures
     UploadBox.io has incorporated SSL Certificates and PCI DSS-compliant hosting into its Service for the benefit of our Users. However, we make no representations as to the security or privacy of your information. It is in our interest to keep our website secure, but we recommend that you use anti-virus software, firewalls, and other precautions to protect yourself from security threats. 
Children's Safety
     Individuals under 13 years of age are not allowed to use our Service. If you become aware of a User who is under the required age to use all or any portion of our Service, please notify us immediately at legal@UploadBox.io, and provide us with full details as to why you believe they are below that age and we will address the issue. If you are a User who is reported in this manner, we may require you to provide suitable proof of age, such as a copy of government identification, in order to continue using our Site and/or Service. 
