> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the uploadedpremiumlink.xyz privacy policy that was archived on 2019-09-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190927103936id_/https%3A//www.uploadedpremiumlink.xyz/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# UploadedPremiumLink.xyz - Privacy Policy

**Website Visitors**

Like most website operators, UploadedPremiumLink.xyz collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. UploadedPremiumLink.xyz purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how UploadedPremiumLink.xyz visitors use its website. From time to time, UploadedPremiumLink.xyz may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website. UploadedPremiumLink.xyz also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. UploadedPremiumLink.xyz does not use such information to identify its visitors, however, and does not disclose such information, other than under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information, as described below.

**Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information**

Certain visitors to UploadedPremiumLink.xyz websites choose to interact with UploadedPremiumLink.xyz in ways that require UploadedPremiumLink.xyz to gather personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that UploadedPremiumLink.xyz gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who use our forums to provide a username and email address. In each case, UploadedPremiumLink.xyz collects such information only insofar as is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with UploadedPremiumLink.xyz. UploadedPremiumLink.xyz does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.

**Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information**

UploadedPremiumLink.xyz discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on UploadedPremiumLink.xyz behalf or to provide services available at uploadedpremiumlink.xyz websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using uploadedpremiumlink.xyz websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. UploadedPremiumLink.xyz will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors, and affiliated organizations, as described above, UploadedPremiumLink.xyz discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only when required to do so by law, or when UploadedPremiumLink.xyz believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the property or rights of UploadedPremiumLink.xyz, third parties, or the public at large. If you are a registered user of a uploadedpremiumlink.xyz website and have supplied your email address, UploadedPremiumLink.xyz may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what’s going on with UploadedPremiumLink.xyz and our products. We primarily use our blog to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of email to a minimum. If you send us a request (for example via a support email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. UploadedPremiumLink.xyz takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration, or destruction of potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.

**Clearing User Information**

Users can at any time request the deletion of their personal account by email and all the information will be deleted, to do that send an email to support@UploadedPremiumLink.xyz making your request.

**Cookies**

A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. UploadedPremiumLink.xyz uses cookies to help UploadedPremiumLink.xyz identify and track visitors, their usage of UploadedPremiumLink.xyz website, and their website access preferences. UploadedPremiumLink.xyz visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using UploadedPremiumLink.xyz's websites, with the drawback that certain features of UploadedPremiumLink.xyz's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.

**Privacy Policy Changes**

Although most changes are likely to be minor, UploadedPremiumLink.xyz may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in UploadedPremiumLink.xyz's sole discretion. UploadedPremiumLink.xyz encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
