> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nust.edu.pk privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181221175000id_/http%3A//nust.edu.pk/Pages/Privacy-Policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

This web portal belongs to the National University of Sciences and Technology (NUST), Pakistan, and the University collects personal data with the sole objective of supporting its core functions of teaching & learning, research & development as well as outreach and access, administration, admissions, personal & professional development and other support functions of the University.

The web portal does not collect data that allows us to individually identify you if you are only browsing this website or using the Search function. As per routine, this site automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookie information, and the page(s) requested while preserving user anonymity.

However, in case the user shares personally identifiable data through web-based messages / applications / emails / queries etc, then NUST reserves the right to share the relevant data while remaining within our legislative rights, within or outside NUST, if sharing it is necessary for processing your query or providing you the desired service. We may also need to disclose personal data as required by law or a court order. For your ease and speed, we may prompt  your transaction / query that involves personally identifiable data, with personal data that you have already supplied to our web-portal or to other Government agencies (or non-Government entities that have been authorized to carry out specific Government services). You reserve the right to update any obsolete information.

 To safeguard your personal data, all electronic storage and transmission of personal data are secured with appropriate security technologies. While we are responsible for data security on the nust.edu.pk domain, we are not accountable for independently managed website that may be linked to this web portal. You are requested to examine their privacy policy for privacy practices and security separately.

 NUST students should be mindful that whenever they voluntarily disclose personal data online – for example on message boards, through e-mails, or in chat areas – that information can be collected and used by others. By posting personal data online that is publicly accessible, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Statement, you should first contact the NUST Webmaster (email: webmaster@nust.edu.pk ).
