> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the advantabankcorp.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150315005004id_/https%3A//advantabankcorp.com/Home/Page/Privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Disclosure

Privacy Disclosure 

Our Approach to Small Business Privacy Practices

At Advanta Bank Corp., we recognize that our business customers and other business visitors are concerned about privacy. We want you to be confident that we make every effort to safeguard the security and confidentiality of your nonpublic personal information. In addition to the account-related information our customers share with us, we may invite you to submit your e-mail address or other personally identifiable information in order to participate in promotions or receive newsletters or other publications geared to businesses and business professionals which are featured from time to time on our Web site or presented by other means. We may also collect personally identifiable response-related information from our interactions with you, including e-mail interactions. For example, we use pixels on certain of our Web pages and may place a cookie on your computer so that we can identify you as a visitor to our site, which enables us, in conjunction with our advertising service providers, to present content concerning products and services that may be of interest to you. In order for us to maintain high levels of service, personally identifiable information that we collect may be shared with our affiliated companies and service providers in accordance with applicable law. In some cases we may also bring offers to your attention ourselves or in cooperation with reputable third parties. Finally, we may transfer information collected from you in connection with a sale of our business. 

We make a concerted effort to restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to those employees and service providers who need to know that information to provide products or services to you, and to maintain physical, electronic and procedural safeguards that comply with federal standards to guard your nonpublic personal information. 

We use pixels on certain of our Web pages, and accessing our Web site may result in the placement of a "cookie" on your computer. This is done to enable you to use our Web site as well as to make your repeated experience more convenient and so that we and our advertising service providers can present content that may be of interest to you and know how you came to visit our site. Please be aware that if you modify the setting of your Internet browser to prevent the use of cookies or if you otherwise disable our cookie, you will not be able to access the Web site. We may also place "flash objects" on your computer in order to collect browser and other information that helps us improve the security of your online communications with our Web site. Also, when using our site please be aware of the "Web Site Terms and Conditions" page, as your access to the site is subject to the terms described there. 

Our Web site contains links to other sites that you may find useful. Please be aware that Advanta Bank Corp. is not responsible for the privacy practices relating to information collected by others' sites. 

If you are an Advanta Bank Corp. customer, we reserve the right to communicate with you via e-mail, direct mail or telephone to protect your account from unauthorized access or identity theft; to process your requests for such things as balance transfers, employee cards or credit line increases; if any collection efforts are indicated; and generally to service your account. In addition, any e-mail opt-out shall not apply to e-mails permitted by applicable law, such as messages relating to any transaction you have requested or your relationship with us. 
