> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the advent.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130509092058id_/http%3A//www.advent.com/about/website_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Email Publication and Website Privacy Policy

**This Email Publication and Website Privacy Policy applies exclusively to:** (i) Advent Software, Inc.'s website located at <http://www.advent.com/>; and (ii) Advent Software, Inc.'s email publications. Advent Software, Inc. adheres to the highest standards of ethical practices in all of its operations and is dedicated to protecting the privacy of all visitors to our website and those participants in our email marketing campaigns in accordance with the following terms and conditions.

**Gathering and Use of Information:** Advent Software, Inc. collects information voluntarily provided from our clients and potential clients (hereinafter referred to as "you" and "your") through our website, email marketing campaigns, and any other points of personal data gathering. However, we do not require our users to submit personal information to obtain general access to our website. Information that is collected is used to improve our services to you and to better serve your software needs by providing Advent Software, Inc. with valuable information about your interest in our products and services. In addition, the information collected helps us evaluate what types of information might be of interest to you.

While we do share personally identifiable information with our affiliates and business partners, Advent Software, Inc. does not currently provide personal information to any other third party. Should our policy on the use of personal information change, we will post an updated policy on our website.

**Email Publications:** We may occasionally send you information, news and materials regarding Advent Software, Inc., and its products and services that might be of interest to you. Email publications may include basic technology commonly referred to as a "beacon". The email beacon has two functions. First, it determines whether an email recipient has opened that email, which helps Advent Software, Inc. maximize relevancy of subject lines and content as well as determine readership levels. Second, the beacon determines whether an email recipient is capable of receiving an HTML-based email. This helps us optimize email content and improve the overall communication experience.

If you prefer not to receive email information from us in the future, you can request to be removed from our e-mail lists at any time by 'unsubscribing' in accordance with the instructions on our emails to you.

**Collection of Personal Information in Forms:** Certain pages of Advent Software, Inc.'s corporate website contain forms that allow you to request information about our services and solutions. In completing a form, you may be required to provide contact information, such as your name, phone number and email address. Please note that any information you submit implies consent for use of the information, and Advent Software, Inc. may use the information from these forms to respond to your request and send you the information you need.

**Terms of Use:** Click [here](https://web.archive.org/about/terms_of_use) for Advent Software, Inc.'s Terms of Use regarding the <http://www.advent.com/> website.

**Internet users:** Advent records and stores information provided by users when browsing our website. Advent Software, Inc. uses cookie technology to assist in making decisions about changes to our website on an ongoing basis. Cookies help us determine, without collecting personal information, which information on our websites appeals to our consumers by tracking which of our Web pages are visited and what features are most often used. You may refuse cookies by turning off that feature on your Web browser, but we do not recommend doing so.  Advent also uses technology, such as web beacons, to track the navigation paths used by visitors to our website and transmits that information to third-party service providers who assist Advent in improving the relevance of the information that we display to our visitors when they seek additional detail about a product or service.  This technology does not collect non-public personal information.  You are under no obligation to have your browsing paths tracked and may opt out by using a different method to obtain the information you are looking for: contacting your sales representative, relationship manager, or our direct response group.

**Links:** Advent Software, Inc.'s Web site may contain "links" to other Web sites. We recommend that you check the specific privacy policy of any site before providing any personal information.

**Changes to this Website Privacy Policy:** Any changes to Advent Software, Inc.'s website privacy policy will be posted in this section.

**Safe Harbor Compliance (data transfers from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States of America):**  Advent Software complies with the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. Advent Software has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Advent Software’s certification, please visit <http://www.export.gov/safeharbor/>

The U.S. Department of Commerce and the European Commission have agreed to a data protection framework called the “U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework” that consists of a set of privacy principle documents and related FAQs. The U.S. Department of Commerce and the Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner of Switzerland have agreed to a similar data protection framework called the “U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor Framework”. The Safe Harbor Frameworks describe how organizations that receive personal data from the European Union and Switzerland should provide information about purpose of collection (Notice), participation (Choice), Onward Transfer, Security, Data Integrity, Access, and Enforcement. A discussion of these data handling issues can be found at the Commerce Department’s Safe Harbor website at [http://export.gov/safeharbor](http://export.gov/safeharbor/) and the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles and FAQs of the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor Framework and the U.S. Swiss Safe Harbor Framework are currently are available in full at <http://export.gov/safeharbor/eg_main_018237.asp>

Communications relating to Advent Software’s Safe Harbor data privacy program, and inquiries concerning the recourse mechanism for unresolved Safe Harbor complaints, can be sent to the company’s Safe Harbor compliance administrator or to the company’s legal department..

**Corporate Privacy Policy:** Copies of Advent’s corporate Privacy Policy are available upon request:  please contact the Safe Harbor compliance administrator.

**Contacts:**   Safe Harbor compliance administrator:  Richard Pugh  (415) 645-1025 [rpugh@advent.com](mailto:rpugh@advent.com)   
Advent Software legal department: [legal@advent.com](mailto:legal@advent.com)
