> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the advfn.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-01-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180105011924id_/https%3A//www.advfn.com/common/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Free share alerts by email - price, news and forum

## ADVFN Cookie Policy

### What is a cookie?

A cookie is a small file used by your web browser. It is stored on your computer and allows a website to remember certain information about your activity on that website. For more information on cookies, please visit http://goo.gl/hOqNb or http://allaboutcookies.org. 

### What does ADVFN use cookies for?

We use cookies to: 

  1. Provide you with customised content, such as the live price data you are entitled to as part of your premium subscriptions and the stocks you have added to your Monitor. 
  2. Make our website run more efficiently. 
  3. Note when you visit the website and which pages you visit. This allows us to see how you and other people use the website, helping us to plan site improvements and additions. 
  4. Provide and administer advertising. 



### How do I turn cookies off?

Your browser should let you control whether websites you visit can use cookies or not. If you are unsure how to do this, please consult the help files available via the Help menu in your browser. 

Please note that turning cookies off will restrict your use of the website, stopping you from accessing many features that require you to be logged in. 

### Third party cookies

A large proportion of the advertisements you see on the website are generated by third parties. These third parties will have their own privacy policies. 

These third party cookies are used to gather statistics, but cannot be used to identify individuals. We allow our advertisers to serve these third party cookies, but we do not have other access to them. 

Cookies are often used by these third party advertisers to allow them to track the number of people who have clicked on or seen a particular advert and how many people have seen the advert more than once. Parts of this statistical data may be shared with us by third parties, allowing us to improve the targeting and placement of adverts on the website. 

Your browser should let you disable third party cookies. If you are unsure how to do this, please consult the help files available via the Help menu in your browser. 

For more information, visit the IAB’s website http://youronlinechoices.com/uk. 

### What kind of information do we hold about you?

When registering, we ask for information to identify you by, including your name, email and postal address. If you take out a premium subscription we will ask you to confirm these details. The IP addresses you access the site from are also collected and stored, allowing us to serve content to you, monitor how the site is used and implement site improvements. These details are held securely and are associated with your username and account. 

We also collect and store information that does not identify you; for instance, which pages you visit and how often. This data is collected to help us evaluate how the website is used and to ensure we are paid by our advertisers for showing their content. 

### What do we use this information for?

The information we hold could be used to: 

  1. Note when you visit the website and which pages you view. See the section How do I turn cookies off? if you would like to stop this. 
  2. Make sure you are receiving the services and products you are entitled to as part of your premium or free subscription. 
  3. Keep you updated on premium services you have subscribed to. 
  4. Present the website’s content in the most effective manner for your device (for instance, a PC or phone) and browser. 
  5. Get in touch with you via email, phone or post to provide technical support. 
  6. Get in touch with you via email, phone or mail to let you know about products or services provided by us or third parties. 
  7. Monitor how the website is used. 
  8. How can I change my details or email preferences? 



You can subscribe or unsubscribe from our newsletter and marketing emails via the website, by clicking the Unsubscribe link at the bottom of any email we have sent you. You can also change your preferences by emailing support@advfn.com or by writing to us at ADVFN Data Department, 26 Throgmorton Street, London, EC2N 2AN. You can update your personal details by emailing support@advfn.com or by writing to us at ADVFN Data Department, 26 Throgmorton Street, London, EC2N 2AN. Please make sure to include your name, username and postcode in your initial correspondence; this helps us protect the details and preferences on your account from unauthorised access. 

How can I access my personal information? You have the right to access the personal information held about you. To obtain a copy of the personal information we hold about you, please send an email to support@advfn.com or write to us at ADVFN Data Department, 26 Throgmorton Street, London, EC2N 2AN. There will be an administrative charge of £10 for providing a copy of this information. 

Please make sure to include your name, username and postcode in your initial correspondence; this helps us protect the details and preferences on your account from unauthorised access. 

How secure is my data? The password you provide when registering on the website is encrypted to ensure your account is protected against unauthorised access. Any subsequent password changes are also encrypted. We do not store previous passwords you might have used on ADVFN, we only store the last change. 

We take data security very seriously and have invested much time and money in creating systems to protect your personal information, in accordance with the requirements of the Data Protection Act 1998. Neither ADVFN nor any of its group companies shall be liable for any unlawful attempt to gain access to any part of this website including any of your information. 

If you think we have not adhered to this policy, please get in touch by email to support@advfn.com or write to us at ADVFN Data Department, 26 Throgmorton Street, London, EC2N 2AN expressing your concerns. We will endeavour to solve the problem for you promptly. 

Disclosing your information ADVFN does not sell your personal information to third parties (unless you specifically opt in to an ADVFN partner offer such as a third party email subscription). When required by law, it may be necessary for us to disclose your personal information to third parties. Future policy changes Changes to the ADVFN Cookie and Privacy Policy will be posted on this page. Please check back regularly for updates. 

## PRIVACY POLICY

This policy covers ADVFN's use of personal information that ADVFN collects when you use ADVFN.com. The policy also gives you information about cookies; ADVFN and third parties' use of cookies; and how you may reject such cookies. 

From time to time, you will be asked to submit personal information about yourself (e.g. name and email address) in order to receive or use services on our website. Such services include newsletters, competitions, live chats, message boards and ADVFN.com membership. 

By entering your details in the fields requested, you enable ADVFN and its service providers to provide you with the services you select. Whenever you provide such personal information, we will treat that information in accordance with this policy. When using your personal information ADVFN will act in accordance with current legislation and aim to meet current Internet best practice. 

Visitor Information During the course of any visit to ADVFN.com, the pages you see, along with a short text file called a 'cookie', are downloaded to your computer. Many websites do this, because cookies enable website publishers to do useful things like find out whether the computer (and probably its user) has visited the website before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit. 

Information supplied by cookies can help us to provide you with a better online user experience and assist us to analyse the profile of our visitors. For example: if on a previous visit you went to our education pages, we might find this out from your cookie and highlight educational information on your second and subsequent visits. 

What is a cookie? A cookie is a small amount of data, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier that is sent to your browser from a website's computer and stored on your computer's hard drive. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. 

Many sites do this whenever a user visits their website in order to track online traffic flows. 

Cookies record information about your online preferences. Users have the opportunity to set their computers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. The last of these, of course, means that certain personalised services cannot then be provided to that user user and accordingly you may not be able to take full advantage of all of ADVFN.com features. Each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. 

If you have set your computer to reject cookies you can still browse ADVFN.com anonymously until such time as you wish to register for ADVFN.com services. For further information on cookies please visit www.aboutcookies.org. 

Use and storage of your personal information When you supply any personal information to ADVFN.com (e.g. for competitions, ADVFN.com Community services or ADVFN.com membership) we have legal obligations towards you in the way we use those data. We must collect the information fairly, that is, we must explain how we will use it (see the notices on particular webpages that let you know why we are requesting the information) and tell you if we want to pass the information on to anyone else. 

In general, any information you provide to ADVFN will only be used within the ADVFN and by its agents and service providers. Your information will be disclosed where we are obliged or permitted by law. Also, if you post or send offensive, inappropriate or objectionable content anywhere on or to ADVFN.com or otherwise engage in any disruptive behaviour on ADVFN.com, ADVFN can use whatever information that is available to it about you to stop such behaviour. This may involve informing relevant third parties such as your employer, school e- mail/Internet provider and law enforcement agencies about the content and your behaviour. 

We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as you use the service you have requested, and remove it in the event that the purpose has been met, or, in the case of ADVFN.com membership you no longer wish to continue your registration as a ADVFN.com member. For safety reasons, however, ADVFN may store messaging transcript data (including message content, member names, times and dates) arising from the use of ADVFN.com Community services such as Connector for a period of six months. Where personal information is held for people who are not yet registered but have taken part in other ADVFN.com services (e.g. competitions), that information will be held as long as is necessary to ensure that the service is run smoothly. We will ensure that all personal information supplied is held securely, in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. 

If you are notified on a ADVFN.com site that your information may be used to allow ADVFN to contact you for "service administration purposes", this means that ADVFN may contact you for a number of purposes related to the service you have signed up for. For example, we may wish to provide you with password reminders or notify you that the particular service has been suspended for maintenance. We will contact you for promotional purposes, such as notifying you of improvements to the service or new services on ADVFN.com. You can alter your email settings by going to http://www.advfn.com/p.php?pid=subscriptions 

Access to your personal information You have the right to request a copy of the personal information ADVFN holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. (We charge £10 for information requests.) Please address requests to the Data Protection Officer, ADVFN.com, 26 Throgmorton Street, London, EC2N 2AN. 

Users 16 and under If you are aged 16 or under, please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to ADVFN's website. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information. 
