> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tomford.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181001181741id_/https%3A//www.tomford.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | TomFord.com

Updated: February 3, 2014

## Privacy Policy

  
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which TOM FORD INTERNATIONAL LLC (together with TOM FORD e-COMMERCE and its other affiliates and subsidiaries, “TOM FORD”), collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users, and applies to your use of our website located at "https://www.tomford.com” (the “site” or the “website”).

## You are bound by this policy.

Please carefully read our Privacy Policy, because by using the site you consent to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy, effective the date listed above. You should also review our other terms and conditions available [here], as they govern the use of our website. When used in his Privacy Policy, "we," "our," and similar terms means TOM FORD, and “you,” “your,” “user,” “customer” and similar terms refer to you.

## What is contained in the Privacy Policy.

Described in this Privacy Policy is (i) the personal and other information we may collect from you when you visit our website and how it is collected, (ii) why we gather such information from you, (iii) how we use and how we may disclose it, and (iv) the choices you have regarding its use. In addition, we provide information about some situations in which this Privacy Policy may not apply, your use of the site, and the best ways of contacting us.

## Changes to the Privacy Policy.

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time, as we add new features or services, incorporate suggestions from our customers or make other changes. We will endeavor to post any material changes to the Privacy Policy and/or Terms of Use on our site at least 30 days prior to their effective date unless we believe changes must take effect sooner to comply with law or to protect TOM FORD or our customers, users, sponsors and suppliers. In such cases, the changes will be effective upon posting or as otherwise specified. By using the site after such changes take effect, and you agree to be legally bound to abide by the revised Privacy Policy.

  
_What is collected and how it is collected:_

## Personal Information.

In order to use certain features of the site, we may collect or you may be asked to provide the following types of personal information: e-mail address, name, mailing address, telephone number, billing information (credit/debit card number, expiration date, alternate or additional billing information and billing address, and other information we need to collect to process payment), sex, birth date, products purchased, message and gift recipients' names, addresses, telephone numbers and email addresses (collectively “personal information”).

We collect information through the site, emails, mail, fax, and telephone, and social media applications, including when you place an order, and engage in other activities, services, products and resources we make accessible to our customers or users. For example, you may wish to register on the site to receive e-mails from TOM FORD, receive invitations to promotions, or to purchase goods or services available through the site. We need certain information from you to register you, authenticate you, and process your entries and payments. We may collect information you provide to us even if an order, registration, or other process is started but not completed or otherwise cancelled. This Privacy Policy does not cover information provided to TOM FORD through retail operations.

## Usage Information.

In addition to the personal information described above, we also collect data generated by your usage of the site (“usage data”) that may or may not be associated with an individual’s identity. To the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy. Similarly, under some local laws, certain usage data, such as IP addresses, are considered personal information. To the extent such local laws apply, we also treat the required usage data as personal information. Otherwise, usage data is not treated as personal information.

Most usage data is collected using cookies or pixel tags (also called single pixel gifs or web beacons). A "cookie" is a small data file sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer. We use cookies to let us know that you are a prior customer or user, and to provide certain features to you. In addition, third parties may set cookies and tags through our services. We do not control such third parties or their privacy practices. Most web browsers allow you to instruct the browser to prevent the use of cookies, although doing so means you may not fully experience our site or may cause errors. The kind of information we collect includes: the pages visited on our site; the features used; how long a visitor stays; and the domain name of the site from which visitors connect to our site and the site to which visitors connect through our service. We may also collect information such as language, zip code, area code, unique device identifier, location, and the time zone where our website is accessed. Except as described above, usage data is not treated as personal information.

## Third Parties.

Third parties that are providing services to us may collect, or assist us in collecting, either personal information or usage data. We endeavor to require that such third parties treat such personal information and usage data in compliance with this Privacy Policy.

## Age restrictions.

You must be 18 years old or older to use this website, including to register with us to receive communications or to make a purchase. We do not knowingly collect or distribute personal information from persons under the age of 18. If you are the parent or guardian of a minor under 18 years of age and believe that they have disclosed personal information to us, please contact us by e-mail so that we may delete the minor's information. In addition, if we become aware that we have inadvertently received personal information from anyone under the age of 18, we will delete such information from our records.

## International restrictions.

This website does not intend to market products or services to those residing outside of the United States of America. TOM FORD does not knowingly gather or solicit personal information from non-U.S. residents through this website for marketing purposes, but if you are located outside of the U.S. and provide your email address you hereby expressly consent to receive communications from us.

  
Why we collect your information

We collect personal information that you give us in order to: provide information to you about TOM FORD and our products and services; notify you about upcoming features available on the site; provide other information from us and our third party marketing partners; respond to your requests for information; process survey results and contest entries; process online purchases and payments you request; filter the products and services we provide; authenticate registered customers; post your comments and for our own internal marketing and product development purposes.

  
How we use and may disclose your information

  
TOM FORD will not use, sell or release any personal information to third parties except as described in this policy. We reserve the right to use or disclose any information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

While we may provide encryption and use other reasonable precautions to protect confidential information and provide suitable security, including encryption for communications conducted through this website, we do not guarantee that stored information or transmitted through the internet is secure, or that such transmissions will be free from delay, interruption, interception or error.

## Personal Information.

Anyone providing us their personal information grants TOM FORD the right to use their information internally without restrictions for the purposes of, but not limited to, research, marketing, and content and lead development. We use certain information from you to register you, authenticate you, and process your entries and payments, even if an order, registration, or other process is started but not completed or otherwise cancelled.

We may send you email regarding current products or projects, services and updates to the site; important changes in our terms and Privacy Policy; press releases and announcements concerning the products services we provide. By providing us your e-mail address, you consent to the receipt of such materials. Our third party marketing partners may also send you special promotions and offers for related services, at their sole discretion.

## Usage data.

We use site usage data to develop, manage, and improve the website, and to understand how our website is used. Sometimes we may aggregate site usage data with personal information from registered customers, and may use that information to help resolve problems, analyze usage, or provide you with information about products and services we offer. We may use aggregate anonymous usage data to track use trends and thereby improve our website. We may also use this aggregated, anonymous information to develop reports that we may share with third-party marketing partners and customers.

## Do not track.

We do not respond to do not track requests.

## Disclosure to certain third parties.

TOM FORD may share information we collect with our third party partners and service providers so that they can assist use in providing our products and services to you. If we do so, we will request that they treat this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

TOM FORD may disclose any information we have about you (including personal information) if (i) we determine that such disclosure is necessary in connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the Website, or (ii) to identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) TOM FORD’s rights or property, or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the Website.

TOM FORD reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that TOM FORD deems necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental or law enforcement request. TOM FORD also may disclose your information when TOM FORD determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes.

We may also disclose information collected on this site, including personal information, to third parties as required or permitted by law or when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity. For example, we may disclose information: to regulators, to law enforcement authorities who request it, to vendors who provide us with service, or to companies that may acquire part or all of TOM FORD.

We also reserve the right to transfer personal information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided to us in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.

  
_Uses and disclosures not in TOM FORD's control_

## Third party links

. We and other users of the website may provide links to unrelated third-party websites as well as links to websites owned and operated by entities with which we have contractual relationships. Such third party services accessible via our website (through hyperlinks or otherwise) have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. Please consult each site's terms & conditions and privacy policy prior to use. When you click on a hyperlink, a new browser window or frame containing a third party’s web site may appear in the foreground with the site remaining in the background. Any time that you move away from the TOM FORD website, including to a new window or frame, neither this Privacy Policy nor our other terms, such as our terms of use, will apply. TOM FORD cannot be and is not responsible for the protection of the information you provide to other websites. You should be aware that when you voluntarily disclose personal information on other websites, such information can be collected and used by others and may result in unsolicited communications.

## Advertisements on other sites.

Advertisements for our products and services may appear on third party websites around the Internet. Some websites and services deliver these advertisements based upon data that has been previously collected about your past behavior online. For example, if you have viewed websites about shoes, these websites or services may display to you an advertisement for our shoes. This kind of targeted advertising is sometimes called interest-based or online behavioral advertising. It is generally not based upon your personal information, but rather, upon your online activities. We do not control such third party websites or services on which these advertisements appear. Further, we do not control how they collect and use data about your online activities. However, you may opt-out of being tracked online by certain companies by visiting http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ or http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. If you opt-out, you will still receive advertisements, but they will not be delivered to you based upon your behavioral data possessed by the companies from whom you have opted-out. This process relies upon an opt-out cookie, so if you delete your cookies or use a different computer, you will have to repeat this process.

  
_How to Limit the Use of Personal Information_

If you prefer not to have personal information collected from you (other than when making a purchase on our website), or to set your preferences concerning promotional communications, please follow the directions below. In addition, any promotional or marketing email we send to you will include a link to our Privacy Policy and a link to use to opt-out of receiving further promotional emails from us.

If you prefer that we not share personal information provided by you with third parties for promotional and marketing purposes, please let us know by emailing, writing or calling us as described below and identify the personal information that do not wish us to share. We will process your instructions as soon as reasonably practicable and in accordance with applicable law.

Emailing us at: [assistance@tomfordinternational.com](mailto:assistance@tomfordinternational.com) from the email address which you wish to have removed (i.e. not shared with third parties), and include your postal mailing address in the message; or

Writing us at:

TOM FORD INTERNATIONAL, LLC  
595 Madison Avenue, 18th Floor  
New York, NY 10022

  
These instructions, however, do not apply to non-promotional transactional messages from us. From time to time, we may use your personal information to send important notices, such as communications about purchases and changes to our terms, conditions, and policies. Because this information is important to your interaction with TOM FORD, you may not opt out of receiving these communications.

  
_Corrections_

If you would like to update or correct information previously provided to us, please send an e-mail with your new information, including your complete name, postal address, and email address to [assistance@tomfordinternational.com](mailto:assistance@tomfordinternational.com).

  
_Contact us_

It is important for us to know what visitors have to say about our website. To contact us with your questions or comments please email us at [assistance@tomfordinternational.com](mailto:assistance@tomfordinternational.com).
