> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tomhess.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181004231339id_/https%3A//tomhess.net/PrivacyPolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

**Last Updated: August 19, 2018**

Tom Hess Music Corporation and www.tomhess.net, its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Company”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) recognize the importance of privacy and personal information. This Privacy Policy (the “Policy”) highlights how Tom Hess Music Corporationmanages your personal information and safeguards your privacy. This Policy applies to the website www.tomhess.net and such other mobile applications, websites, domains and sub-domains and services, however accessed and/or used, whether via personal computers, mobile devices or otherwise, as well as mobile applications, interactive features and downloads that the Company owns, operates, and makes available through its websites and mobile applications (collectively, the "Sites"). This includes interactive features or materials and mobile applications that by their nature interact with The Sites and post this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy only covers the Sites and does not cover any information otherwise collected by us (such as, without limitation) in the "real world" [offline] or at any other web site whether or not owned by us. You may be asked to provide your personal information any time you are in contact with Tom Hess Music Corporation.

Tom Hess Music Corporation is the data controller (referred to as "we", "us" and "our" in this privacy policy).

Contact Details:

Tom Hess Music Corporation  
P.O. Box 113  
Cary, IL 60013-0113  
United States of America

It is very important that the information Tom Hess Music Corporation holds about you is accurate and up to date. Please let us know if at any time your personal information changes by emailing us at support@tomhess.net OR [click here](http://tomhess.net/MyAccount) to update your details in your account. 

**The Sites are intended for a general audience aged thirteen (13) years and older. If you are under the age of 13, you are prohibited from using the Sites. Please ask your parent or guardian to visit the Sites with you with using their computer account and with them present.**

Any personal or other information we collect that can be used to uniquely identify or contact a single person is personal identifying information (“PII"). Protecting your PII is a core value at Tom Hess Music Corporation and this Privacy Policy is designed to tell you in plain language how and what kinds of information we collect (public and PII), how the Tom Hess Music Corporation, itself and through third party services, uses "tracking" technology during your visits to the Sites, how the Tom Hess Music Corporationuses the information it collects, and how we protect that information. For more information concerning Tom Hess Music Corporation's compliance with the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation, please visit the GDPR FAQ available [here](https://tomhess.net/GDPR). 

In addition to this Privacy Policy, users of the Sites must comply with the Sites' [Terms of Use ("TOU")](https://tomhess.net/TermsOfUse.aspx). There is additional and important information contained in the TOU.

**How this Privacy Policy Affects You**

  * _Purpose_ : The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to clearly and concisely inform users of and visitors to ("you" or "your") the Sites of: (1) the information that we collect through the Sites; (2) how we use that information; (3) how we protect that information; (4) what, if any, information we may share and with whom; (5) and how you can review your Personally Identifiable Information (“PII”) collected through the Sites and request modifications and corrections. _Please take a moment to read this Privacy Policy to learn how we handle your personal information._ In addition, this Privacy Policy explains how to review and request modification of your personal information that the Tom Hess Music Corporation may have collected or to change your communication preferences.  
 



**Information We Collect**

  * _Information You Provide Directly to Us_ : (1) you may be asked to directly provide the Tom Hess Music Corporation with certain categories of personal information/PII (e.g., your full name, gender, geographic location [for example, shipping and billing addresses if you are engaging in transactions], e-mail address, telephone contact, a “password” [see below], purchase details etc.). You may also choose to share additional personal information in public forums or on sign-up forms or certain pages within the Sites. We reserve the right to collect information through, without limitation, account registration forms, e-mail newsletter sign-ups, and information that you provide to us directly via the Sites and mobile applications. We process this data for the purposes of communicating with you, for record keeping and for the establishment, pursuance or defense of legal claims. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to reply to communications sent to us, to keep records and to establish, pursue or defend legal claims.; (2) Statistical information is the type of personal information, provided directly or indirectly, that may be collected from you at any time when you are in contact with the Sites or mobile applications but is not used in connection with your PII. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case is to properly administer our website and our business.; (3) Communication data that includes any communication that you send to us whether that be through the contact form on our website, through email, text, social media messaging, social media posting or any other communication that you send us. We process this data for the purposes of communicating with you, for record keeping and for the establishment, pursuance or defense of legal claims. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to reply to communications sent to us, to keep records and to establish, pursue or defend legal claims.;  (4) We do not collect your credit card information or other financial information (such as PayPal account information for a transaction) unless you make a purchase through the Sites or mobile applications. Additionally, if you make a credit card purchase through the Sites, you may be asked to agree to additional terms. Your credit card information will be used solely for processing transactions you authorize and we utilize SSL protocol in connection with such information. Credit card information is stored with our third-party payment processor Authorize.net. For more information about Authorize.net, please visit [http://www.authorize.net](http://www.authorize.net/). Additionally, purchases may be made through PayPal. For more information about PayPal’s policies, please visit <https://www.paypal.com/home>.  
 
  * _Information We May Collect during Your Visit to The Sites or Mobile Applications_ : When you contact the Sites or mobile applications, the Tom Hess Music Corporation and its third party service providers may also collect your usage information. This usage information may be collected through automated or passive means and may include a variety of technologies that collect information whenever you come into contact with the Sites or mobile applications. For example, these technologies record and collect your browser information, the “click-through URL” that linked you to the Sites or mobile applications, your usage information about pages and/or features that you visited, the date and time of your contact, and other similar information. We process this data to operate our website and ensure relevant content is provided to you, to ensure the security of our website, to maintain back- ups of our website and/or databases and to enable publication and administration of our website, other online services and business. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to enable us to properly administer our website and our business. We may also collect your internet protocol (“IP”) address or other automatically assigned identifiers that allow us to identify the device or mechanism through which you contact the Sites or mobile applications. We treat device and mechanism identifiers, as well as your usage information, to be the type of personal information that may be collected from you at any time when you are in contact with the Sites or mobile applications. We may also use this personal information in order to remember you and your preferences. We do not link aggregate data with PII. We may also collect the following technical data: your login data, details about your browser, length of visit to pages on our website, page views and navigation paths, details about the number of times you use our website, time zone settings and other technology on the devices you use to access our website. The source of this data is from our analytics tracking system. We process this data to analyze your use of our website and other online services, to administer and protect our business and website, to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you (including Facebook adverts or other display advertisements) and to understand the effectiveness of our advertising. Our lawful ground for this processing is our legitimate interests which in this case are to enable us to properly administer our website and our business and to grow our business and to decide our marketing strategy. We may also use such data to send other marketing communications to you. Our lawful ground for this processing is either consent or legitimate interests (namely to grow our business).  
 
  * _Sensitive Data_ : We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses. 

Where we are required to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of the contract between us and you do not provide us with that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract (for example, to deliver goods or services to you). If you don’t provide us with the requested data, we may have to cancel a product or service you have ordered but if we do, we will notify you at the time.

We will only use your personal data for a purpose it was collected for or a reasonably compatible purpose if necessary. For more information on this please email us at support@tomhess.net. In case we need to use your details for an unrelated new purpose, we will let you know and explain the legal grounds for processing.

  We may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent where this is required or permitted by law. 

We do not carry out automated decision making or any type of automated profiling. 

  * _How We Collect Your Personal Information_ : During your visit to the Sites or mobile applications, we may use the following technologies, without limitation, to collect your personal information: (1) cookies; (2) Flash cookies; (3) small graphic images or web beacons; (4) embedded script; and (5) similar technologies. Cookies are data files placed on the device that is used to access a website. A Flash cookie is a data file placed on a device via a third party plug-in (which may be built into your device or downloaded to your device). Small graphic images or web beacons, other web programming code that may be invisible to you, may be included on the Sites, mobile applications, and in Tom Hess Music Corporation e-mail messages. Web beacons may be used to count the number of users accessing the Sites and mobile applications, monitor how users navigate our websites and mobile applications, and count the number of e-mails that were sent and actually opened or the number of particular articles or links that were actually viewed. An embedded script is programming code that is designed to collect information about your interactions with the Sites or mobile applications (e.g., a link that you click on). We utilize both Session and persistent cookies. A session cookie is a code temporarily “dropped” in your browser through which you access the Sites and mobile applications from our web server or a third party service provider, and is only active while you are in contact with the Sites. This code is deactivated or deleted thereafter. A persistent cookie remains after the session is terminated. We use information collected to: (1) allow for better site functionality while you are visiting the Sites; (2) provide you with information about services and products that we think may be of interest to you; and (3) to collect aggregate (non-personalized) data. Most browsers allow you to “turn-off” cookies. You should consult with your individual browser provider. However, if you turn off cookies, you may not be able to enjoy complete site functionality.



a. We may, from time to time, supplement the information that we collect about you online with outside records from third parties (such as analytics providers as Google Analytics based outside the European Union, advertising networks such as Facebook based outside the European Union, such as search information providers such as Google based outside the European Union, providers of technical, payment and delivery services, such as data brokers or aggregators) in order to enhance our ability to serve you, as well as offer opportunities to purchase products or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We will apply this Privacy Policy to all collected personal information and may combine your collected personal information to serve our needs in any way, unless we have disclosed otherwise.

b. If you send a third party a communication from the Sites or mobile applications, such as sending a friend a news article or information about a job opening, we may use this information on a one-time basis to facilitate the communication. We will not use it for any other marketing purpose, unless we obtain consent from that third party.

**Marketing Communications**

Our lawful ground of processing your personal data to send you marketing communications is either your consent or our legitimate interests.

Under the Privacy and Electronic Communications Regulations, we may send you marketing communications from us if (i) you made a purchase or asked for information from us about our goods or services or (ii) you agreed to receive marketing communications and in each case, you have not opted out of receiving such communications since. Before we share your personal data with any third party for their own marketing purposes we will get your express consent.

You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into the website and checking or unchecking relevant boxes to adjust your marketing preferences OR by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you or OR by emailing us at support@tomhess.net at any time.

If you opt out of receiving marketing communications, this opt-out does not apply to personal data provided as a result of other transactions, such as purchases, etc. 

**How We Use Your Personal Information**

  * We may use the information that we collect about you to accomplish any of the following: (1) provide you with information, services, or process transactions that you have requested or agreed to receive, including sending electronic newsletters, or providing you with special offers or promotional materials on behalf of the Tom Hess Music Corporation or third parties; (2) enable you to participate in a variety of the features on the Sites and mobile applications, such as online entry sweepstakes and message boards; (3) process your registration with the Sites and mobile applications, including verifying that your e-mail address is active and valid; (4) improve and customize your experience when you contact the Sites and mobile applications; (5) contact you regarding your use of the Sites and mobile applications and, in our discretion, changes to the Sites and mobile applications or the policies that apply to both; (6) comply with court orders, valid subpoenas, and/or other applicable laws and regulations; (7) for our business purposes; and (8) for purposes disclosed at the time you provide your information or as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you provide comments or commentary or other materials to the Sites or mobile applications, we may use these comments and materials as provided (or in a reasonably similar manner), which may include your full name and other information as further set forth in the [Terms of Use](https://tomhess.net/TermsOfUse.aspx).



  
**Information We May Share**

  * _Information We May Share with Third Parties_ : We may share information that we do not consider to be personal information, such as aggregated user statistics, with third parties. We do not share your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes unless you consent to such sharing at the time you provide such information. We may share the information we have collected about you, including your personal information, as disclosed at the time you provide your information and as described in this Privacy Policy.


  * If you agree (or do not decline) to receive information or marketing materials from third parties, your personal information may be disclosed to such third parties and all information disclosed (by you or by the Tom Hess Music Corporation) will be subject to the privacy policy and practices of such third parties. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of third parties. You should therefore review the privacy policies and practices of such third parties prior to agreeing to receive such information from third parties. If you later decide that you do not want to receive communications from a third party, you will need to contact that third party directly.  
 
  * We may use third party vendors to perform certain services on behalf of the Tom Hess Music Corporation, such as hosting the Sites and mobile applications, designing and/or operating website features, tracking website analytics, enabling you to purchase any goods and/or services, and allowing us to send you e-mail newsletters or perform other administrative services. We may provide third parties with access to your information, including your personal information, to carry out the services that these parties are performing for you or for us. We currently use Google Analytics to provide us with aggregate statistical data. For more information about Google Analytics and its policies, please visit <http://www.google.com/analytics>.  
 
  * Access to certain areas of the Sites and mobile applications may be provided to you in association with third parties and may require you to disclose personal information in order to register for and access products and/or services. Such co-branded areas will identify the third party associates. If you elect to register for products and/or services at co-branded areas you may be providing your information to both us and the third party associates. Further, if you sign-in to a co-branded area with a username and password obtained on the Sites and mobile applications, your personal information may be disclosed to the identified third party associates for that co-branded area and will be subject to the third party associates’ privacy policies.  
 
  * _Legal or Administrative Purposes_ : We may transfer and disclose your information, including your personal information, to third parties for the following purposes: (1) in the event that we are required to respond to subpoenas or other legal process or if in our good faith opinion such disclosure is required by law; (2) at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; (3) to protect or defend the Terms of Use or other policies applicable to the Sites and mobile applications; or (4) to protect the personal safety, rights, property or security of any individual. We may also use IP address or other information collected to identify users, and may do so in cooperation with copyright owners, internet service providers, wireless service providers or law enforcement agencies in our discretion. Such disclosures may be carried out without notice to you.  
 
  * _Business Transfer_ : We may share your personal information with our subsidiaries and affiliates for internal purposes. We also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all information related to the Sites and mobile applications, including, without limitation, your personal, demographic, and usage information for the following purposes: (1) to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the Sites and mobile applications or an applicable database, or (2) in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, restructuring, the sale of substantially all of our stock and/or assets or other corporate change, including, without limitation, during the course of any due diligence process.  
 
  * _Sweepstakes, Contests and Promotions (collectively, “Promotions”)_ : We may offer Promotions through the Sites and mobile applications that require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to the terms, conditions, or official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including (except where prohibited by law) allowing the sponsor(s) of the Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, your personal information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, without limitation, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules.  
 
  * _Fulfillment of Transactions and Providing Services_ : You may elect to purchase products or services from or through Tom Hess Music Corporation and/or the Sites. When you do so, you authorize us to use the information we collect about you as reasonably necessary to carry out the purpose of the transaction. **We do not allow transactions from any user under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, please visit the Sites with your parent or guardian so that they may make any transactions you and they may desire.**



  
**Information That You Share Publicly**

  * _User Generated Content_ : The Sites and mobile applications may allow you to submit materials that you own or legally control such as photos, videos, comments, ideas, suggestions or other content that contains your personal information (collectively, “UGC”), which may be published online or offline in any media now known or hereafter discovered. The public may have access to your UGC, including the ability to share it with third parties. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, UGC includes information that you share through social media via your use of the Sites and mobile applications (e.g., personal information added to your social networking profile or social media page). **We encourage you to think carefully about the type of UGC that you share through social media sites, particularly your personal information**. The Tom Hess Music Corporation does not control who will have access to your UGC and therefore cannot control how your UGC is used. **This Privacy Policy does not apply to information that you share publicly, with third parties, or post through the Sites and mobile applications**.  
 
  * We may use and publish your name, voice or likeness, or other personal information that is part (or the whole) of your UGC for marketing, promotional activities, publicity, and advertising purposes.



  
**Third Party Content and Links**

  * The Sites and mobile applications may contain content provided by third parties. Those third parties may collect information about your website usage, including information specific to your mobile device or computer (e.g., IP address) when pages from the Sites and mobile applications are served to your web browser. Further, when you click on a third party link from the Sites and mobile applications (including, without limitation, banner advertisements), that link will take you to a website(s) controlled and operated by third parties that the Tom Hess Music Corporation does not control. **When you click on a third party link, you will be subject to that third party’s terms and privacy policy**. Please review the privacy policy of all third party websites that you contact prior to sharing your personal information with such websites.  
 
  * _Third Party Advertisements and/or Analytics_ : The Sites and mobile applications may serve third party advertisements and may use third party analytics service providers to provide us with statistical information about your use of the Sites and mobile applications. These third parties display advertisement banners based on an analytics of the statistical data regarding your visits to the Sites or mobile applications in order to tailor advertisements that may interest you. These third parties typically install cookies or other tracking technologies to monitor and record certain behavioral statistics that assist with targeted advertising practices. **This Privacy Policy does not cover the methodologies used by third parties**. If you check on a banner advertisement that re-directs you from a Tom Hess Music Corporation website or mobile application, you will be subject to that third party’s terms and privacy policy. Please review the privacy policy of all third party websites that you contact prior to sharing your personal information with such websites. We are not responsible for the content or practices of any third party advertiser.  
 



**Data Security**

  * _Protection of Your Personal Information_ : The Tom Hess Music Corporation employs reasonable efforts to protect the personal information that you share when you contact the Sites or mobile applications. We currently employ SSL/Message-Digest Algorithm security and hashed (encrypted) formats. We may also allow access to your personal data onlt to those employees and partners who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they must keep it confidential.  **However, note that it is not possible to secure all transmissions made over the internet or through other content/information sharing devices. WE DO NOT WARRANT OR REPRESENT THAT WE CAN GUARANTY THE SECURITY OF ANY INFORMATION THAT YOU TRANSMIT TO US WHEN YOU USE COMPANY WEBSITES AND MOBILE APPLICATIONS. YOU PROVIDE SUCH PERSONAL INFORMATION AT YOUR OWN RISK**. In the event of a data or security breach that may compromise your personal information, the Tom Hess Music Corporation will make commercially reasonable efforts to notify you and/or the requisite governmental or other regulatory agency promptly and as required by law.  
 



**Data Retention**

  * We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.   
 
  * When deciding what the correct time is to keep the data for, we look at its amount, nature and sensitivity, potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure, the processing purposes, if these can be achieved by other means and legal requirements.  
 
  * For tax purposes the law requires us to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they stop being customers.  
 
  * In some circumstances, we may anonymize your personal data for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.



  
**Communications/Your Ability to Review your personal information and Request Changes**

  * Changes to Your Personal Information and Preferences: You are solely responsible for the accuracy and content of any personal information that is submitted to The Sites and mobile applications (or which may be collected by the Tom Hess Music Corporation pursuant to this Privacy Policy). You have the right to review the personal information that we have collected from you, including the right to request access, correction, erasure, restriction, transfer, to object to processing, to portability of data and (where the lawful ground of processing is consent) to withdraw consent). After you review such information, if you decide to change the personal information that we have on file for you or if you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please email admin@tomhess.net or contact us by mail to Tom Hess Music Corporation, ATTN: Privacy, P.O. Box 113, Cary, IL 60013-0013, U.S.A., please send your request to the Tom Hess Music Corporation by e-mail to admin@tomhess.net or by mail to Tom Hess Music Corporation, ATTN: Privacy, P.O. Box 113, Cary, IL 60013-0013, U.S.A.  
 
  * To change the types of communication that you receive from the Tom Hess Music Corporation or how you receive such communications, simply cancel or modify your communication preferences by following the instructions in the e-mail or communication that you received or by logging into your account with any of the Sites or mobile applications and changing your communication preferences.  
 
  * You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive or refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.  
 
  * We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.  
 
  * We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you.  
 
  * If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, you have the right to complain to the the appropriate government organization. We should be grateful if you would contact us first if you do have a complaint so that we can try to resolve it for you.  
 



**Changes to this Privacy Policy**

  * The Tom Hess Music Corporation reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy as it deems reasonable and appropriate without notice to you. Any changes to this Privacy Policy are effective as soon as such changes are posted to The Sites or mobile applications. However, the Tom Hess Music Corporation will not use your personal information in a manner that is materially different from what was stated in this Privacy Policy at the time that you contacted The Sites or mobile applications. The date of the most recent changes to this policy is listed at the beginning of this document. The Tom Hess Music Corporation encourages you to verify the date that this Privacy Policy was last updated whenever you contact The Sites or mobile applications to determine whether or not changes were made. The Tom Hess Music Corporation may, from time to time, post notices on The Sites or mobile applications if the Tom Hess Music Corporation believes, in its sole discretion, that it has made material changes to this Privacy Policy.


