> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the weatherbug.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180303151841id_/https%3A//www.weatherbug.com/legal/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | WeatherBug

**Privacy Policy**  
This statement discloses the privacy practices of Earth Networks, Inc. and its WeatherBug properties ("WeatherBug"). These include the website [http://www.weatherbug.com](http://www.weatherbug.com/) , and the WeatherBug desktop and mobile applications (collectively, "the Services").   This privacy policy describes how Earth Networks, Inc. collects and uses the personal information you provide. It also describes the choices available to you regarding the use of, your access to, and how to update and correct your personal information. If you are using any of the Services in Connected Savings, you should refer to the specific Connected Savings [Privacy Policy](https://connectedsavings.com/privacy-overview/privacy-policy/).

  **What is our Privacy Philosophy?**  
The Internet continues to evolve and change the way all of us communicate and interact with each other. While the Internet and increased wireless connectivity allows each of us access to more information and services than ever before, these new online activities raise new challenges, such as the privacy issues addressed in this policy. WeatherBug is committed to working with public policy organizations, industry groups, and government institutions to understand and address these challenges as they arise. Most importantly, we believe that having a relationship with our customers that is founded on trust is good business. Any feedback you would like to provide to help us better meet your expectations in this area is welcomed.

  **What information is collected and how is it used?**  
WeatherBug wants to make your experiences with us satisfying and safe. Our data collection policies allow you to choose how much personal information to provide to us, and to control how we use that information. Our goal is to provide you with a satisfying experience while allowing you to control your privacy. WeatherBug collects and uses information primarily to make it easier and more rewarding for you to use our services. If you choose to register with us, you may be asked at various times to provide information such as your name, email address, demographic information such as age or gender, and/or information about what you like and do not like. We request this information to provide our strongest value to you - a personalized experience. Customers who personalize our service come back more often - and it's the customers that visit us often who make us successful - so we do everything we can to make WeatherBug your service and to give you just the content you want.

  Information collected online is often defined as being either  ** _personally identifiable_**  or  ** _anonymous_** :  
**Personal Information**  refers to information that identifies specifically who you are, such as your name, e-mail address, or mailing address. We may also ask you for demographic information such as ZIP Code, gender and date of birth. In many cases we need this information to provide the personalized or enhanced service that you have requested. We hope that, like many of our customers, you will find it beneficial to judiciously provide Information to WeatherBug so that we may provide more valuable free content and products to you.

  The amount of Personal Information that you choose to disclose to WeatherBug is completely up to you. The only way we know something about you personally is if you register for a personalized service or promotion. In other words, we will know Personal Information about you only if you choose to share this type of information with us.

  **Anonymous Information**  refers to information that cannot be tied back to a specific individual. For instance, we may know that 10,000 people visited this Privacy Policy today, but we do not know their names, where they live, or their date of birth. What we collect from transactions such as this constitutes anonymous information. Some of the individuals who access our services decline to use the personalization features that are available to them, and therefore those individuals are anonymous to us and the data we collect is similarly anonymous information. Anonymous Information may be collected several ways, including through the use of cookies, web beacons or from the device that you are using.

  **Registration:**   We may require you to register in order to access certain features within the Services by providing us with a valid email address and certain basic demographic information such as age and gender.  All such information will be treated in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.  We will provide you with a key or other authentication allowing you to log-in to access the designated features.  If you elect to store authentication information, such as a username and password, where others may access it, we are not responsible for any loss of personal data or other consequences if someone other than you uses that information to access our services. If you lose a device, such as a laptop, desktop, or smartphone, or a device is stolen containing your username and password, it is up to you to take all the steps necessary to protect yourself.

  **Tracking Technologies:**    
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.  
We do not link this automatically collected data to other information we collect about you.  
Earth Networks, Inc. and our partners, affiliates, or analytics or service providers, use technologies such as cookies, beacons, tags, and scripts, to analyze trends, administer the website, tracking users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual and aggregated basis.  
We use cookies to remember users’ settings (e.g. favorite locations, unit settings etc.). Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our website, but your ability to use some features or areas of our website may be limited.  
We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our website or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking [here](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/). Please note that this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.  
We use Local Storage such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our website or to display advertising based upon your web browsing activity also use Flash cookies or HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing HTML5.  To manage Flash cookies, please click here: <http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html>.

  **Use of Information From Third Parties:**  Earth Networks/WeatherBug may use consumer information obtained from third party providers for a variety of purposes, including improving the accuracy of our customer database, to increase our understanding of our customer database, to increase our understanding of our customers, to identify potential new customers and to better tailor our advertising to our customers.

  **Third-Party Optimization Providers and Cookie Opt-Out:**  We currently contract with several online partners to help manage and optimize the Services. We use these services to help us measure how visitors use our Services. To do this, we use Web beacons and cookies provided by our online partners on the Services. The type of information we collect includes information provided by the customer, IP addresses, cookie information (and other information that tracks browsing history). By supplementing our records, this information helps us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see. Although our online partner logs the information coming from our Services on our behalf, we control how that data may and may not be used.

  **Third Party Advertising Partners:**  We work with a variety of advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies. These advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies use various technologies, and technologies from third party companies, to collect data in order to send (or serve) relevant ads to you and other users. These technologies may include the placement of cookies or web beacons, the use of unique or non-unique non-personal identifiers, or the use of other technologies on our Services, and these technologies may be used to track user behavior, to track how our Services are being used, and possibly to serve you more relevant ads. These targeted advertisements may appear on our Services or other services that you visit. This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of various technologies by advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, and analytics companies. These companies may also obtain information from services you use from other companies, including without limitation, other websites, mobile websites, mobile downloadable applications, and downloadable desktop applications, and combine that information with information they obtain through these third party technologies on our Services. You should be aware that we do not have control over these third party technologies or the information contained in them.  To learn more about the use of this information or to choose not to have this information used by our third-party advertising partners by opting out, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking [here.](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/)  Alternatively, if you want to opt out of having these third parties use or transfer your information for interest-based advertising, please [click here](http://www.truste.com/consumer-resources/privacy-app) to download the TRUSTe Opt-Out. Because the TRUSTe Opt-Out relies on the device’s advertising identifier, you will need to opt out again if you reset the advertising identifier for your device.

  **Links to 3rd party Sites:**  Our Services includes links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of WeatherBug. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any website you visit.

  Our website also includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.  
**Mobile Application**. When you download and use our Services, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use, operating system version, and the device identifier (or “UDID”).  
We may send push notifications to notify you about weather conditions, product features, or other information. Weather condition alerts may include current weather conditions, forecasted weather conditions, severe weather alerts or other conditions. Push notification availability may vary by application and version. If you no longer wish to receive such communications, you may turn them off at the device level.  
We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Software on your phone. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.  
**Location Information.**  In certain instances in our Services, you will be able to input specific location information in order for us to bring up the weather for that location. For that Service, we will ask you to input specific location such as address, city and state or zip code. When you use a location-enabled WeatherBug service, such as one of our mobile applications, we may collect and process information about your actual location, like GPS signals sent by a mobile device. We may also use various technologies to determine your approximate location, such as sensor data from your device that may, for example, provide information on nearby Wi-Fi access points and cell towers. To offer you certain Services, provide advertisements based on your physical geographic location on WeatherBug or on other applications or services, and engage in the other uses described below, on some devices we collect certain information from your mobile device, including but not limited to the following:

  * Location Information that allows us to periodically determine your location, including your location relative to and within third party merchant locations.
  * Device and Usage Information that may include (i) information specific to your mobile device ( _e.g.,_  make, model, operating system, advertising identifier and similar information); (ii) information about your use of features, functions, or notifications on the device; and (iii) signal strength relating to WiFi or Bluetooth functionality, temperature, battery level, and similar technical data.



We may collect this information even if you are not logged in to the application.

    **Content Submissions.**  If you upload, rate or share videos or photos, you have to be registered and logged into this feature, and you will be required to provide us with a user name and email address. If you provide us with content, including, without limitation, submissions and user comments, any metadata, including, without limitation, geo-location and tags, in that content may become publicly available.

  **How Else Does WeatherBug Use Information That It Collects from the Services?**  As well as using information about you for the specific purposes set out above, we may also use information about visitors to the Services to monitor consumer interest in our range of products and services, to troubleshoot problems that may arise on our Services, to protect against fraud or other criminal activity on our Services and other websites, to customize your user experience on the Services, to notify you of product or service offerings that we think may be of interest to you, to inform you about special promotions, and to assist us in tailoring our product lines, our services, and the content of the Services to our online visitors' needs by collecting information about their preferences through tracking patterns of page-viewing on the Services. To assist in this, at certain times, we create a profile relating to you in order to show you the content that we think you might be interested in and to display the content according to your preferences. We may also share data we collect about you, your devices and other visitors to the Services in an anonymous form with our business partners and others.

  We share the information we collect with third-party business partners who commit to comply with applicable laws concerning their usage of the information.  Our third-party business partners may share the information with their own third party business partners and use the information either for themselves or on behalf of their own business partners to: 

  * Operate and improve their services;
  * Provide you with advertisements and information for products and services in this app or on other apps or websites based on variables such as your location, and assess your level of engagement with them; and
  * Carry out other purposes that are disclosed to you and to which you consent.



We work with third parties who help local businesses provide a useful and tasteful experience for customers who visit their locations or events.  If you want to opt out of having these third parties use or transfer your information for interest-based advertising, please [click here](http://www.truste.com/consumer-resources/privacy-app) to download the TRUSTe Opt-Out. Because the TRUSTe Opt-Out relies on the device’s advertising identifier, you will need to opt out again if you reset the advertising identifier for your device.

  We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. From time to time, WeatherBug may be required to share personal information in response to a valid court order, subpoena, government investigation, or as otherwise required by law. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we, in good faith, believe to be unlawful. In addition, we may share certain personal information when we believe that doing so is reasonably necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of our company and/or others. WeatherBug may also share personal information with controlling entities, entities it controls, and those under common control. Finally, WeatherBug may transfer personal information to participating companies in the event of a corporate sale, merger, acquisition, dissolution or similar event, in which case, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Services and/or applications of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.   
We may also share your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service. These service providers are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.

  **Your Rights**  You can correct factual errors in your Personal Information by sending us a request that credibly shows any error. If you wish to access, update, correct or delete your Personal Information that we collect online, please contact us by mail at the address shown in the How to Contact section below. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.

  **Opt Out:**  From time to time, WeatherBug may notify you by email of special promotions, changes to our Services, new product lines or products or service offerings that we think may be of special interest to you. If you decide you no longer want to receive emails notifying you of this information, click [here](http://replies.earthnetworks.com/functions/unsubscribed.html) to unsubscribe or follow the instructions in each promotional message.

  **What is the Privacy Policy for minors?**  
We will never knowingly request Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13.

  **Why is the information collected?**  
Our services have been designed to enable WeatherBug to provide hyper-local, personally relevant weather related content to those customers who wish to receive it. The majority of the services that are provided for free through WeatherBug are supported by advertising revenues. Our ability to provide enhanced services and content to our customers is dependent on our ability to provide venues for our advertising partners that reach specific segments of our customer base. Our advertising partners have the need to reach customers who share common demographic or behavioral characteristics such as a specific gender or age range, or have evidenced an intent to purchase certain goods or services. The better job WeatherBug does in providing a mechanism for advertisers to reach specific sub-segments of our users, the more revenue we can generate from advertising and that, ultimately, is what allows you to get the free content that is available from WeatherBug.

  Most importantly, at no time is your Personal Information used to determine what advertising you receive nor do we use it to determine what type of advertising any other customer of WeatherBug will receive.

  **_Below is a description of the uses of the information that we collect and how our visitors and advertisers benefit from these actions:_**

  We provide personalized content in the form of weather conditions, forecasts, storm warnings, camera images, and related relevant content to our users. We pay attention to what our customers do and do not use on our service and modify our content appropriately. We match the patterns of usage that our consumers exhibit on any website where we serve advertising to create anonymous profiles about our customers. The creation of an anonymous profile allows WeatherBug to statistically model the demographic and behavioral characteristics of a customer, without us ever knowing that customer's name or any other Personal Information about them. These profiles are used to target advertising to those customers, both on the WeatherBug domain and any of the other Internet domains where we serve advertising, or on other applications and services.  The demographic and/or behavioral data may be shared with third-party business partners as previously described.

  The power and popularity of smartphones has enabled us to take our hyper-local weather information and present it customers on the move. These types of services are typically known as "location based services", and they require and are enabled by the collection of specific location data from the device itself. We use this data to send precise, location-specific weather information to our customers who activate this feature. We also share anonymous location data with advertisers to enable more relevant advertising to be served to the WeatherBug applications and on other applications and services.

  **What choices are available to you regarding collection, use, and distribution of the information?**  
On occasion, WeatherBug may offer affiliates the opportunity to host the WeatherBug application for download, and to receive branding or other consideration in return for helping us increase the number of users for our product(s). In some cases, if you have downloaded the WeatherBug application from an affiliate, the registration information that you provide may be shared with the affiliate. You will be advised prior to registering whether the information will be shared, and if so whether this is a mandatory condition of the download. Please check the affiliates own Privacy Policy to determine their information distribution policies.

  If you choose to upload photograph(s), participate in blogs, chat rooms or other forums, on the WeatherBug community section, we will collect the Personal Information that you wish to share with us. This may include: name, location where the photo was taken and ZIP Code where the photo was taken. If you have participated in the WeatherBug Community and wish to have a photo or any of your posted information removed, please send your request to [info@earthnetworks.com](mailto:info@earthnetworks.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

  Information provided within the community section of the site that is Personal Information can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the Personal Information you choose to submit in these forums.  
You may contact privacy@earthnetworks.com to make changes to your profile privacy settings **.**  
WeatherBug does offer you the ability to control the email communications we make to you. It is our intention to give you as much control over our relationship as possible. First, as mentioned earlier, the consumer always has the final word on whether WeatherBug - or any Internet company - knows who you are. It is your choice to share Personal Information with WeatherBug, and we encourage you to consider only sharing information with any site on the Internet in which you feel you receive true value in exchange for that information and if you respect the privacy practices of the firm.

  WeatherBug will always give you a chance to unsubscribe to any email communication from us - clear directions for doing so will appear in any email message we send to you. At times, WeatherBug may enter into co-branding arrangements with other companies, and if so, an opt-in question may be present for contact from these firms as well. Their opt-out features are specific to each organization, but you should never receive email from these organizations unless you have indicated that it is acceptable. All email from WeatherBug, or from co-brand partners who gain your permission to send you commercial email, will include an opportunity to opt out of future communications.

  We may post customer testimonials on our website from time to time, which may contain personal information such as the customer's name. We do obtain the customer's consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial.

  WeatherBug does reserve the right to send a one-time registration confirmation email, and infrequent Service Alert messages to its customers to inform them of specific changes that may impact their ability to use a service they have previously signed up for, regardless of email contact opt-in status. We may also periodically contact you regarding new or upgraded services or product offerings. We also reserve the right to contact you if compelled to do so as part of a legal proceeding or if there has been a violation of our Terms of Service. WeatherBug is retaining these rights because in limited cases we feel that we may need the right to contact you as a matter of law or regarding matters that will be important to you.

  With respect to location-based services, there is no method by which you can opt-out of the collection and sharing of geographic information. By accepting WeatherBug’s Privacy Policy and/or by using WeatherBug’s products and/or services, you consent to the collection and use of such geographic tracking technologies by WeatherBug and its advertising partners  
If your personal information changes you may contact us at [privacy@earthnetworks.com](mailto:privacy@earthnetworks.com) with the necessary changes.  
If you notice that a profile has been created without your consent, please contact us at [privacy@earthnetworks.com](mailto:privacy@earthnetworks.com) to request its removal.

  If you no longer desire our service, or wish to delete/deactivate our service please do the following: (1) uninstall the application and (2) send an email to [privacy@earthnetworks.com](mailto:privacy@earthnetworks.com) requesting full removal from all WeatherBug databases.

  We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

  **What kind of security procedures are in place to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information under the company's control?**  
WeatherBug operates secure data networks protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems. Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary, and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our customers. Secure Socket Layer or SSL encryption is used as appropriate. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at [privacy@earthnetworks.com](mailto:privacy@earthnetworks.com).

  If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy policy, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.

  We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective.

  For any questions about this privacy policy you may contact us at:  
Corporate Headquarters  
Earth Networks / WeatherBug  
12410 Milestone Center Drive, Suite 300  
Germantown MD, 20876  
301-250-4000  
800-544-4429

  Updated: October 27, 2016
