> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the layouts4free.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100626110433id_/http%3A//www.layouts4free.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Layouts4free » Privacy Policy

### Privacy Policy

Welcome to the Websites of NPA Media Group, Australia (“us”, “we”, “our”, or “NPA Media”). This Privacy Policy applies to all NPA Media’s websites and those websites are referred to collectively as the “NPA Media Websites” or “our Websites”, whether in the singular or the plural.

We respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the Website. We have adopted this privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our Website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. This Privacy Policy applies only to information we collect through the Website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.

This Privacy Policy, together with the Terms of Use posted on our Website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our Website. Depending on your activities when visiting our Website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.

We generally keep this Privacy Policy posted on the Website and you should review it frequently, as it may change from time to time without notice. Any changes will be effective immediately upon the posting of the revised Privacy Policy. WHEN YOU ACCESS OUR WEBSITE, YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, OR TO ANY CHANGES WE MAY SUBSEQUENTLY MAKE, IMMEDIATELY STOP ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE.

  1. **Information We Collect** Our Website typically collects three kinds of information about you: (a) information that you provide which personally identifies you; (b) information that does not personally identify you which we automatically collect when you visit our Website or that you provide us; (c) information collected by advertising networks. 
    1. **Personally Identifiable Information:** Our definition of personally identifiable information includes any information that may be used to specifically identify or contact you, such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, etc. As a general policy, to facilitate the use of NPA Media content, you must provide personally identifiable information when registering. Affiliates of NPA Media may also be required to provide a tax identification number.
    2. **Non-Personal Information:** Our definition of non-personal information is any information that does not personally identify you. Non-personal information can include certain personally identifiable information that has been de-identified; that is, information that has been rendered anonymous. We obtain non-personal information about you from information that you provide us, either separately or together with your personally identifiable information. We also automatically collect certain non-personal information from you when you access our Websites. This information can include, among other things, IP addresses, the type of browser you are using (e.g., Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, etc.), the third party website from which your visit originated, the operating system you are using (e.g., Vista, Windows XP, Macintosh OS, etc.), the domain name of your Internet service provider (e.g., America Online, NetZero, etc.), the specific areas of the Website that you visit, and the duration of your visit
    3. **Advertiser Information:** We allow third-party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g., click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice or to opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit [networkadvertising.org](http://networkadvertising.org/).
  2. **How We Use & Share the Information Collected**
    1. **Personally Identifiable Information:** The personally identifiable information you submit to us is generally used to carry out your purchase of NPA Media content. In the event you have become an NPA Media Member, the personally identifiable information you submit to us will be used to identify you as an NPA Media Member and to facilitate your access to Membership benefits. We may also use this information to later contact you for a variety of reasons, such as customer service, providing you promotional information about our products and services or those of our other affiliated companies (“affiliated companies”), or to communicate with you about the services we have provided.In certain instances we may also share your personally identifiable information with our third party vendors performing functions on our behalf (or on behalf of our affiliated companies)  e.g., vendors that process credit card orders such as AuthorizeNet, and other companies who provide us marketing or promotional assistance, analyze our data, assist us with customer service, etc. Our vendors agree to use this information, and we share information with them, only to carry out our requests. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy or these Terms of Use, your personally identifiable information will not be shared or sold to any third parties without your prior approval.
    2. **Non-Personal Information:** We use non-personal information in a variety of ways, including to help analyze site traffic, understand customer needs and trends, carry out targeted promotional activities, and to improve our services. We may use your non-personal information by itself or aggregate it with information we have obtained from others. We may share your non-personal information with our affiliated companies and third parties to achieve these objectives and others, but remember that aggregate information is anonymous information that does not personally identify you.
  3. **Other Uses & Information**
    1. **IP Addresses:** An IP address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you are surfing the Internet. Web servers (computers that “serve up” web pages) automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When visitors request pages from our Websites, our servers typically log their IP addresses. We collect IP addresses for purposes of system administration, to report non-personal aggregate information to others, and to track the use of our Website. IP addresses are considered non-personal information and may also be shared as provided above. We reserve the right to use IP addresses and any personally identifiable information to identify a visitor when we feel it is necessary to enforce compliance with our Website rules or to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Website, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website’s users or the general public.
    2. **Cookies:** “Cookies” are small text files from a website that are stored on your hard drive. These text files make using our Website more convenient by, among other things, saving your passwords and preferences for you. Cookies themselves do not typically contain any personally identifiable information. We may analyze the information derived from these cookies and match this information with data provided by you or another party.If you are concerned about the storage and use of cookies, you may be able to direct your internet browser to notify you and seek approval whenever a cookie is being sent to your hard drive. You may also delete a cookie manually from your hard drive through your internet browser or other programs. Please note, however, that some parts of our Website will not function properly or be available to you if you refuse to accept a cookie or choose to disable the acceptance of cookies.
    3. **Email Communications:** If you send us an email with questions or comments, we may use your personally identifiable information to respond to your questions or comments, and we may save your questions or comments for future reference. For security reasons, we do not recommend that you send non-public personal information, such as passwords, social security numbers, or bank account information, to us by email. However, aside from our reply to such an email, it is not our standard practice to send you email unless you request a particular service or sign up for a feature that involves email communications, it relates to purchases you have made with us (e.g., product updates, customer support, etc.), we are sending you information about our other services, or you consented to being contacted by email for a particular purpose. In certain instances, we may provide you with the option to set your preferences for receiving email communications from us; that is, agree to some communications but not others.
    4. **Transfer of Assets:** As we continue to develop our business, we may sell or purchase assets. If another entity acquires us or all (or substantially all) of our assets, the personally identifiable information and non-personal information we have about you will be transferred to and used by this acquiring entity. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties.
    5. **Other:** Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, we reserve the right to disclose any personally identifiable information or non-personal information about you if we are required to do so by law, with respect to copyright or other intellectual property infringement claims, or if we believe that such action is necessary to: (a) fulfill a government request; (b) conform with the requirements of the law or legal process; (c) protect or defend our legal rights or property, our Website, or other users; or (d) in an emergency to protect the health and safety of our Website’s users or the general public.
  4. **Public Forums** We may offer chat rooms, blogs, message boards, bulletin boards, or similar public forums where you and other users of our Websites can communicate. The protections described in this Privacy Policy do not apply when you provide information (including personal information) in connection with your use of these public forums. We may use personally identifiable information and non-personal information about you to indentify you with a posting in a public forum. Any information you share in a public forum is public information and may be seen or collected by anyone, including third parties that do not adhere to our Privacy Policy. We are not responsible for events arising from the distribution of any information you choose to publicly post or share through our Websites.
  5. **Keeping Your Information Secure** We have implemented security measures we consider reasonable and appropriate to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Please be advised, however, that while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information and privacy, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you disclose or transmit to us online and are not responsible for the theft, destruction, or inadvertent disclosure of your personally identifiable information.
  6. **Other Sites** Our Website may link to or contain links to other third party websites that we do not control or maintain, such as in connection with purchasing catering services or other services or products referenced on our Website. We are not responsible for the privacy practices employed by any third party website. We encourage you to note when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of all third party websites before submitting any personally identifiable information.
  7. **Contact Information** You may contact us as provided below if: (a) you have questions or comments about our Privacy Policy; (b) wish to make corrections to any personally identifiable information you have provided; or (c) want to opt-out from receiving future promotional correspondence, including emails, from us or our affiliated companies;adm[...](http://mailhide.recaptcha.net/d?k=01xs7jSmlXwlcyVbjk2HEwag==&c=nK7IEZUiHDinKq2Lj63zz-fAXa8NSn6IrsmlPO9PIm8= "Reveal this e-mail address")@npa-media.com

We will respond to your request and, if applicable and appropriate, make the requested change in our active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. Please note that we may not be able to fulfill certain requests while allowing you access to certain benefits, features and services offered on or through our Website.



