> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 290sqm.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-08-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130805152936id_/https%3A//290sqm.com/Privacy_Policy_and_Cookies) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy & Cookies

The customer expressly agrees to the collection, processing and use of his/her data.  
Data requisite to complete the transaction shall be stored.  
All personal customer data customer will naturally be treated with discretion.  
The forwarding of data to a third party without the express permission of the customer shall not occur.

More detailed information below,

We respect the privacy rights of our online visitors and recognize the importance of protecting your personal information. This information is provided by 290 Square Meters to fully inform our online visitors on our Privacy Policies. By visiting www.290sqm.com, you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.

What personal information do we collect from you.  
290 Square Meters collects personal information in several ways when you place an order or register for a service st 290sqm.com. By registering, you are consenting to the collection of your personal data. If an order is placed with us, we hold personal information including your name, email address, home address, shipping and credit card billing address so that we can process and fulfill your order. Saved card details will never be shared with third parties and will only be used to process your order, using our Payment Service Provider's systems.

Cookies.  
Our site uses cookies - small files that are sent by us to your computer or other access device - which we can access when you visit our site in the future.  
If you want to delete any cookies that are already on your computer, please refer to the help and support area in your internet browser for instructions on how to locate those files or directories that stores cookies. Information on deleting or controlling cookies is available at [www.AboutCookies.org](http://www.aboutcookies.org/). Please note that by deleting our cookies or disabling future cookies you may not be able to access certain areas on 290sqm.com.

How this information is used.  
290 Square Meters may use your personal information for the processing of orders and payments. We will also use your details to fulfill and deliver your orders and manage your account. Personal information that you provide may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency, which may keep a record of that information. Where there is a legal obligation to do so, we may disclose your information to any relevant government body. We may also use your personal information to send you marketing updates but only ever in accordance with your preferences. We do not sell your details to third party marketing companies. We do collate information about site traffic, sales, wish list, and other commercial information which we use to improve 290sqm.com.

Concerns and questions  
If you have any concerns or questions about your personal information please email our customer care webshop@290sqm.com, or call us on +31 20 419 25 25.
