> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the omniboxes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161125025650id_/http%3A//www.omniboxes.com/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

SuperNet Technology Limited. ("Omniboxes") takes your privacy very seriously. Please read the following to learn more about Omniboxes's Privacy Policy ("Policy"). This Policy specifies how Omniboxes receives, collects and uses information in connection with their website located at easyuninstall.com ("Site"). Here are the details of "Collection and Use of Information".

### Registration

When you register on the Site, you will be asked to provide certain personally identifiable information, which may include your name, email address, age, gender, address, telephone number(s), areas of interest, login name, login password and other self-identifying information (all "Personal Information"). Omniboxes collects Personal Information primarily for the following purposes:  
(i) To maintain a record of registered users;  
(ii) To manage the login process and maintain users' personal preferences;  
(iii) To email registered users with news and updates;  


In addition, Omniboxes may also collect information about you in surveys or for sweepstakes and contests on the Site and information about the searches you perform, promotional offers you choose and the pages you visit on the Site.

### Information Collection and Use

Omniboxes does not automatically collect any Personal Information on or through the Site, except as provided by you in connection with the registration process. Nevertheless, Omniboxes may use cookies on the Site. Cookies are pieces of information that a website transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes. Cookies make web-surfing easier by saving preferences and browsing patterns while you are at Omniboxes's Site. Cookies may be used to analyze Site usage, improve content, customize the Site's content and layout and for other customer service purposes. Omniboxes's use of cookies is in no way linked to any Personal Information.  
Omniboxes may automatically receive and record certain non-personally identifiable information on its server logs from your browser, including your IP address, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), cookie information, and the webpage that a user visits. Omniboxes collects non-personally identifiable information for general purposes, including but not limited to analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking user movements, conducting research, and providing anonymous reporting to internal and external clients. Omniboxes will not link any Personal Information, including e-mail addresses, with aggregate data of its users.  
Omniboxes does not rent, sell, or share any information about the user with any third-parties. Omniboxes may disclose your Personal Information if Omniboxes believes such action is necessary to:  
(a) Comply with the law or legal process served on Omniboxes;  
(b) Protect and defend the rights or property of Omniboxes (including the enforcement of our agreements);  
(c) Act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Omniboxes services or members of the public.  
Omniboxes may share aggregated demographic information about users with third party advertising and content companies. This information does not identify individual users and Omniboxes do not link aggregate user data with Personal Information.  


### Cookies

This website uses cookies to improve the users experience while visiting the website. Cookies are small files saved to the users’ computer hard drive that track, save and store information about the users’ interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website. Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ('Google'). Google Analytics uses 'cookies', which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyses how you use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Other cookies may be stored to your computer hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.

### Children's Privacy

Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. We operate our website in compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). We never knowingly collect or maintain information at or on our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is directed at or structured to attract anyone under 13. Visitors younger than 13 years of age may NOT use the Omniboxes website and software and must LEAVE immediately.

### Security

Omniboxes takes reasonable precaution to protect Personal Information from misuse, loss and unauthorized access. Although Omniboxes cannot guarantee that Personal Information will not be subject to unauthorized access, Omniboxes has physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect the Personal Information. Personal Information is protected by secured networks and access is limited to a few authorized employees and personnel. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure.

### Business Transitions

In the event that Omniboxes goes through a business transition, such as a merger, acquisition by another company, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, Personal Information will likely be among the assets transferred. Omniboxes will post a notice on this website of any such change in ownership or control of the Personal Information Omniboxes may have prior to such transfer.

### Amendments

Omniboxes may update this policy. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by placing a prominent notice on our site.
