> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mlblogs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160629122635id_/http%3A//mlb.mlb.com/mlb/official_info/about_mlb_com/privacy_policy.jsp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MLB.com Privacy Policy | MLB.com

Technical Information. When you use the MLBAM Properties, we use software tools, including but not limited to cookies (small amounts of data which include a unique string of characters sent to your browser or application from a website's computers and stored on your computer's or device's hard drive), web beacons (technology used to track activity, also known as pixel tags) and similar technologies, to collect a variety of technical, non-personally identifiable information, for example the type of Internet browser or operating system used to access an MLBAM Property, the date and duration of a Website visit or the Internet Protocol address used to access the Website. We use such technical information for internal purposes, for example to study and improve the response times of our Website. We may associate such technical information with personal information you provide to us as described in Section 1 above, in which case we will treat such associated information as personal information. Please be advised that associating technical information with personal information may be required for us, and our Service Providers, to recognize you and your communications with us, for example to retain your newsletter preferences or enable your use of a "shopping cart." 

Location Data. When you use an MLBAM Property via a wireless device we may solicit your permission to collect your location data. Some features within our Applications (e.g., live MLB game video or location-based offers) may only function upon confirmation of your location, and therefore such features will not be available if you choose not to provide your location data to us. The specificity of the location data collected may depend on a number of factors, including the device you are using (e.g., laptop, smartphone, tablet) and how you are connected to the Internet (e.g., via cable broadband connection, WiFi). If you enable location services for our Applications, we may collect location data (e.g., zip code) periodically as you use or leave open our Applications. We use such location information for internal purposes and to improve your MLBAM Property experience, for example to understand where our users are most successfully accessing the MLBAM Properties. We may associate such location information with personal information you provide to us as described in Section 1 above, in which case we will treat such associated information as personal information. Depending on the platform you use to access our Applications (e.g., Apple's iOS, Google's Android) you may be able to control whether location data is collected from within "Settings" or other controls on your wireless device or the Applications. 

Our Access to Your Contacts. When you use our Games, we may solicit your permission to access your contacts list (e.g., address book) so you can be matched with individuals from your contacts lists who participate in our Games and you can invite your friends to play. We will not store the information in your contacts list except to manage your Game invitations. 

Third Party Cookies and Web Beacons; Network Advertisers. We allow select third parties, such as those who deliver advertisements, content, social networking or provide other services associated with the MLBAM Properties, to set cookies, web beacons or similar technologies in certain locations within the MLBAM Properties, including but not limited to certain of our emails. Third party companies that manage and deliver advertisements to websites and applications such as ours are commonly referred to as "network advertisers." A permitted network advertiser may use cookies, web beacons or similar technologies to collect information about your interaction with the MLBAM Properties in order to tailor certain advertisements and content delivered within the MLBAM Properties and on other websites within such network advertiser's ad network. You may learn more about network advertising industry practices and opt out of targeted behavioral advertising from many major third party network advertisers via the information and tools available [here](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/) and [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/). 

Social Networking. When using the MLBAM Properties or when using certain third party social networking services (e.g., Facebook, Twitter, Google +) (each a "Social Network"), you may have the option to connect your MLBAM Property information and activity with your Social Network information and activity. If you authorize such a connection, you permit us to share or publish information about your MLBAM Property activity with that Social Network and its users, and to access certain of your Social Network information, as disclosed to you at the time you consent to the connection. Information we may share with a Social Network may include, but is not limited to: technical information about your MLBAM Property activity, your MLBAM Property comments or the videos you watch on MLBAM Properties. Information we may access about you, with your consent, from a Social Network may include, but is not limited to, your basic Social Network information, your location data, your list of contacts, friends or followers and certain information about your activities on the Social Network. If you permit a connection between a Social Network and an MLBAM Property, we (and that Social Network) may be able to identify you and to associate information received pursuant to the connection with information we already have about you. We recommend that you familiarize yourself with the privacy policy and privacy control options of any Social Network with which you choose to share information or connect to an MLBAM Property. 

Device ID. When you use certain MLBAM Properties, we or our Service Provider may collect your unique device ID. We may use such information for internal purposes and to provide you a better MLBAM Property experience, for example to troubleshoot Application problems you may experience or provide you rewards or offers in connection with your Game activity. We may associate Device ID with personal information you provide to us as described in Section 1 above, in which case we will treat such associated information as personal information. You may learn more about our Service Provider for Mobile Games and opt out of any anonymous Device ID collection via the information and tools available [here](http://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/end-user-opt-out).
