> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mlbshop.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-05. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180905210747id_/https%3A//help-mlb.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/759) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# MLB.com Shop Privacy Policy

This website, mlbshop.com, including the mobile version and any successor site(s), regardless of how accessed (collectively, the "MLB Shop Website") is operated by Fanatics Retail Group North, Inc. ("Fanatics"), a Delaware corporation, and/or one of its subsidiaries or affiliates, ("Fanatics Entities") on behalf of MLB Advanced Media, L.P. and/or its affiliated entities ("Partner Entities"), including the Office of the Commissioner of Baseball ("BOC"), its Bureaus, Committees, Subcommittees and Councils, the Major League Baseball Clubs ("Clubs"), Major League Baseball Properties, Inc., The MLB Network, LLC, each of their subsidiaries or affiliated entities, any entity which, now or in the future, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with the Clubs or the BOC and the owners, general and limited partners, shareholders, directors, officers, employees and agents of the above entities. When used herein, the terms "we," "us" or "our" include Fanatics, the Fanatics Entities and the Partner Entities.

We take very seriously the protection and proper use of your personal and non-personal information. We want you to understand what information may be collected from you, how such information is used and the choices you have regarding the use of this information.  Accordingly, this policy ("MLB Shop Privacy Policy") explains how we collect, use and disclose your personal and other information through this MLB Shop Website. We will treat your information consistent with this MLB Shop Privacy Policy unless you have consented otherwise. Also, you may opt-out of certain uses and disclosures of your personal information, as further explained in this MLB Shop Privacy Policy.

By accessing and using the MLB Shop Website, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your information in accordance with this MLB Shop Privacy Policy and you agree to be legally bound by its terms. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS MLB SHOP PRIVACY POLICY, YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THE MLB SHOP WEBSITE.  


[How Do We Collect and Use Personal Information?](https://help-mlb.custhelp.com/euf/generated/optimized/1533929660/themes/standard/#Collect)

[How Do We Collect and Use Non-Personally Identifiable and Aggregated Information?](https://help-mlb.custhelp.com/euf/generated/optimized/1533929660/themes/standard/#Non-Personally)

[How Can You Opt-Out?](https://help-mlb.custhelp.com/euf/generated/optimized/1533929660/themes/standard/#Opt-Out)  


[How Can You Access Your Personal Information?](https://help-mlb.custhelp.com/euf/generated/optimized/1533929660/themes/standard/#Access)

[Is Your Personal Information Secure?](https://help-mlb.custhelp.com/euf/generated/optimized/1533929660/themes/standard/#Personal)

[Can Children Use Our Site?](https://help-mlb.custhelp.com/euf/generated/optimized/1533929660/themes/standard/#Children)

[What about Third-Party Websites and Social Media Services?](https://help-mlb.custhelp.com/euf/generated/optimized/1533929660/themes/standard/#Social)

How Do We Collect and Use Personal Information?

Personal Information Collected. The information collected through the MLB Shop Website is collected on behalf of, and may be shared with, Fanatics, the Fanatics Entities and the Partner Entities, and each of their respective parents and affiliates. During your access or use of the MLB Shop Website, you may be asked to voluntarily provide certain personal information, such as your name, email address, postal address, credit card number or telephone number.  You also may be asked to provide certain personal information about your friend(s) (only with the friend's consent) in connection with a "friend" referral program that we may run from time to time. It is always your choice whether to provide this personal information; however, without providing some of the requested information, certain features will not be accessible, and you will not be able to conduct transactions through the MLB Shop Website. For example, providing an email address may be a prerequisite to joining a customer rewards program. You also may voluntarily share personal information with us when it is not solicited or required.  Please note that we may obtain information about you from other sources, including third-party sources, and combine that information with data collected through the MLB Shop Website, including personal information. This combined information may result in, among other things, a profile about you, which we may use in accordance with this MLB Shop Privacy Policy.

How We Use Personal Information.  We may use your personal information to contact and correspond with you, to provide services and/or information about services, to respond to your inquiries, to process transactions and payments, to facilitate and enhance your use of the MLB Shop Website, to alert you to our services and those of our affiliates and partners and for other purposes not prohibited by this MLB Shop Privacy Policy. For example, if you make a purchase through the MLB Shop Website, we may use your personal information collected during that transaction to market products and services to you that we think may interest you. If you participate in our referral program, we may email the friend you referred inviting him or her to visit our MLB Shop Website, and may store the email address to track the success of that program. Your friend may contact us at privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com to request that we remove this information from our database.  Additionally, we may ask you to indicate favorite teams and players, and to provide information about your friends and family members who are sports fans, including their favorite teams and players, their birthdays and other similar information. We will treat such information as personal information when it is associated with other personal information. When such information is not associated with other personal information, this information will be treated as non-personally identifiable information. Further, we may use and disclose your personal information: (a) as required by law or legal process; (b) to investigate suspected fraud, harassment or other violations of any law, rule or regulation; (c) to investigate suspected violations of any terms or policies applicable to the MLB Shop Website or the services provided by us or our third-party providers or affiliates, and (d) if we separately obtained your consent, in other ways that are consistent with that consent.  
  
Sharing Your Personal Information.  As explained above, Fanatics, the Fanatics Entities and Partner Entities share your information with each other.  In addition to the uses permitted under this MLB Shop Privacy Policy, the Partner Entities may use your information for their own purposes as described in the [MLB.com Privacy Policy](http://mlb.mlb.com/mlb/official_info/about_mlb_com/privacy_policy.jsp), including to send you information about MLB and MLB Clubs.  

We may share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this MLB Shop Privacy Policy.  We may permit our vendors and subcontractors to access your personal information, but only in connection with performing services for us. For example, in order to process your transactions, we may share your personal information with certain third parties, such as your credit card issuer, a third-party credit verification company, the product handler and the delivery service. Before personal information is disclosed to such a party, we endeavor to require the party to agree to protect the privacy and confidentiality of your personal information. We also may transfer your personal information in connection with a sale, merger, change of control, bankruptcy or similar transaction involving Fanatics or the Fanatics Entities.  You will be notified via email (sent to the email address specified in your account) or a notice or updated MLB Shop Privacy Policy on our MLB Shop Website if such a transaction results in the transfer of control of your personal information from Fanatics or a Fanatics Entity to a non-Fanatics Entity.

We may share your personal information with a third party with whom we have a business relationship, such as a licensor or other rights holder (a "Business Partner").  For example, we may share your personal information with a Business Partner when you purchase that Business Partner's merchandise from us. Business Partners may use your personal information for their own business purposes, including to send you information about their products or services.  You will need to contact such Business Partners to instruct such Business Partners directly regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by such Business Partners (including if you would like to opt-out of receiving future emails from a Business Partner).

Data Retention. We will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active (as determined by us) and for a reasonable time thereafter. You may request that we deactivate your account at any time by contacting us at [privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com](mailto:privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com).  We also may retain your personal information for a longer period of time as needed to provide you services or as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, to resolve disputes and to enforce our agreements. Even if we delete some or all of your personal information, we may continue to retain and use anonymized data previously collected.

Contests and Promotions. If contests or promotions are made available through the MLB Shop Website, the applicable contest or promotion rules may include rules regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information. To the extent that those specific rules conflict with this MLB Shop Privacy Policy, the contest or promotion rules will supersede this MLB Shop Privacy Policy with respect to the conflicting terms and the non-conflicting terms of this MLB Shop Privacy Policy and our MLB Shop [Terms of Use](https://help-mlb.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/748) will continue to apply.  

How Do We Collect and Use Non-Personally Identifiable and Aggregated Information?

Non-Personally Identifiable Information Collected. Like many other websites and applications, the MLB Shop Website may automatically collect certain non-personally identifiable information regarding our MLB Shop Website's users.  Such information may include, without limitation, the Internet Protocol ("IP") address of your computer, your device ID, the IP address of your Internet service provider, your zip code, the date and time you access the MLB Shop Website, the Internet address of a referring website, the operating system you are using, the sections or pages of the MLB Shop Website that you visit and the images and content viewed. Some of the ways in which we or the MLB Shop Website may collect and use non-personally identifiable and aggregated information are further described below.

  * Clickstream Data. As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each website you visit. This information, sometimes referred to as "clickstream data," can be collected and stored by a website's server. For example, clickstream data can tell the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the website from which you linked to the Website. The Website may collect and use clickstream data as a form of aggregate information to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on each page of our Website, how visitors navigate throughout the Website and how we may tailor our Website to better meet the needs of visitors. This information often will be used to improve our Website and our services. Any collection or use of clickstream data will be anonymous and aggregated, and will not intentionally contain any personal information.  

  * Cookies, Tracking Pixels, and Similar Technologies. The Website may use cookies, a type of technology that installs a small amount of information on a website user's computer or other device to permit a website to, for example, recognize future visits using that computer or device. The Website may use other similar technologies (including, without limitation, tracking pixels, as described further below, and other anonymous identifiers) to gather non-personally identifiable information. The Website also may use cookies and similar technologies on the Website to customize your visit, to enable us to enhance our service, or for other purposes. For example, information provided through cookies is used to recognize you as a previous user of the Website so you do not have to enter your personal information every time and to offer personalized content. You may choose to decline cookies by adjusting your browser preferences, but doing so may affect your use of the Website and your ability to access certain features of the Website or engage in transactions through the Website. If you delete your cookies, change browsers or change devices, cookies that the Website may use (or an opt-out cookie) may no longer work. Cookies and similar technologies also may be used by our affiliates, a tracking utility company, and other parties to, for example, make it easier for you to navigate our Website. We do not have access to or control over these cookies and technologies and we cannot state whether these parties will comply with this Privacy Policy. Additionally, the Website may employ, either directly or through trusted third parties, tracking pixels. Tracking pixels are tiny, transparent graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to provide analytical information concerning the user experience as well as to support custom marketing activities for users of the Website. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user's computer hard drive, tracking pixels are embedded invisibly on web pages. The Website may use tracking pixels to help us better manage content, such as by improving the user interface or improving our marketing programs. We also may use non-personally identifiable information to create aggregate tracking information reports regarding user demographics, traffic patterns and purchases and may link tracking information with personal information provided by users.  

  * Interest-Based Advertising.  We may engage third-party vendors to use non-personally identifiable information in connection with their own information to deliver targeted advertising to you when you visit our Website or other websties. Cookies, described above, may be used in this process. For example, if you are searching for information on a particular product, our vendor may cause an advertisement to appear on other websites you view with information on that product. This form of advertising, sometimes called "behavioral advertising," is based on anonymous information and not on any personal information. As a result, we and our vendor know your interests, but do not know who you are in connection with the delivery of that specific ad. We believe that such advertising is helpful because you will see advertisements that are relevant to your interests. However, if you would like to opt-out of these interest-based advertisements, please see the Opt-Out Process/Options and Additional Terms section below.  

  * Other Sources of Information. We may obtain information about you from third-party sources and combine that information with data collected through the Website, including personal information. This combined information may result in, among other things, a profile about you, which we may use in accordance with this Privacy Policy.



How We Use Non-Personally Identifiable Information. Your non-personally identifiable information can be used by us for any lawful purpose and may be shared with any number of third parties. Such information may be permanently archived for future use. Some examples of how we may use non-personal information are for system administration purposes, analytics and to improve the MLB Shop Website. Other examples of how we may use such information are provided above, such as interest-based advertising.  We also may use general location data, preferences or other information received from the MLB Shop Website, including through your mobile device, to send you tailored marketing messages. Additionally, we may use non-personally identifiable information to engage in interactive, real-time discussions with users, which we or the users may initiate.  


How Can You Opt Out?

Opt-Out Process/Options. There are several ways in which you may opt-out of the various programs and services we provide. Some of the ways in which you may opt out are described below. Please note that we may continue to send you transactional and/or service-related emails regarding your purchases and account even after you opt-out of receiving other emails. 

  * Opting Out of Our Services. If you receive an email from the MLB Shop Website, you may (i) unsubscribe from all future unsolicited emails from the MLB Shop Website through a link, typically at the bottom of the email, or (ii) use our email preference center, also typically available through a link at the bottom of the email, to opt-out of receiving certain types of MLB Shop Website emails from us while continuing to receive other types of emails.  If you have an account with the MLB Shop Website, you may opt-out of some or all future unsolicited communications by updating your account's personal information settings. If you participate in our referral program, the friend you referred may contact us at [privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com](mailto:privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com) to request that his or her information be removed from our database. In addition, you may request that we delete your personal information by emailing your request to [privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com](mailto:privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com) and we will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt, subject to our rights under the Data Retention section above and applicable law.  

  * Direct Marketing Opt-Out. If you do not want your personal information shared with any third party who may use such information for direct marketing purposes, then you may opt-out of such disclosures by sending an email to [privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com](mailto:privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com). However, we are not responsible for removing your personal information from the lists of any third party who has previously been provided with your information in accordance with this MLB Shop Privacy Policy, and any elections or privacy choices you may make with respect to receipt of certain types of emails or marketing communications from us will not apply to any such third parties.  You should contact any third parties that send you communications directly with respect to choices that they may make available to you with respect to such communications.  

  * Interest-Based Advertising Opt-Out and Do Not Track Signals. With respect to "do not track" (a/k/a DNT) signals or similar mechanisms transmitted by web browsers, the MLB Shop Website does not respond to or honor such signals or mechanisms. This means that third parties, such as ad networks, web analytics companies and social networking platforms (some of whom are discussed elsewhere in this MLB Shop MLB Shop Privacy Policy) may collect personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across our MLB Shop Website and other third-party online properties or services. These companies may use information about your visits to our MLB Shop Website and other sites, and general geographic information derived from your IP address, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.  For more information about third-party advertisers and how to prevent them from using your information, please visit <http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/>. This is a site offered by the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") that includes information on how consumers can opt-out from receiving interest-based advertising from some or all of NAI's members. You can also visit  <http://www.aboutads.info/choices>, which is a site offered by the Digital Advertising Alliance ("DAA") that includes information on how consumers can opt-out from receiving internet-based advertising from some or all of DAA's participating companies.  Opting out of interest-based advertising does not mean that you will no longer see any advertisements; rather, you will still see advertisements that are general and not tailored to your specific interests and activities. Further, cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted-out.  For example, if you have opted out on your computer browser, that opt-out will not necessarily be effective on your mobile device.



How Can You Access Your Personal Information?

You may request access to your personal information by contacting [privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com](mailto:privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com). Subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law, you will be given reasonable access to your personal information, entitlement to challenge the accuracy and completeness of the information and the ability to have it amended as is appropriate. You can help us maintain the accuracy of your information by notifying us of any changes to your personal information.

Is Your Personal Information Secure?When you enter sensitive information, such as a credit card number on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology. We use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of the personal information submitted to us both during transmission and after we receive it. However, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk.

Can Children Use Our Website?We are committed to the preservation of online privacy for all of our visitors, including children. We sell products intended for purchase by adults (e.g., those age 18 or older). If you make a purchase on our MLB Shop Website, you are representing that you are an adult. Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, we will not knowingly collect any personal information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of that child's parent or guardian. If you are a child under the age of 13, you are not authorized to use the MLB Shop Website without consent from your parent or legal guardian. If we become aware that personal information from a child under 13 has been collected without such child's parent or guardian's consent, we will use all reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.  If any parent, guardian or other responsible adult becomes aware that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, please contact us at [privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com](mailto:privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com).

What about Third-Party Websites and Social Media Services?

Third-Party Websites. The MLB Shop Website may contain links to other websites or Internet resources. When you click on one of those links, you are contacting another website or Internet resource. We have no responsibility or liability for, or control over, those other websites or resources or their collection, use and disclosure of your information. We suggest that you read the privacy policy and terms of use of each such website.

Social Media, Widgets and Open Forums. Our MLB Shop Website may allow you to engage with social media services, such as Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest and Instagram ("Social Networks"), and widgets such as the "Share this" button, or interactive mini-programs that run on our MLB Shop Website or which link from Social Networks to our MLB Shop Website (collectively, "Social Functions"). These Social Functions may access, collect and integrate with your Social Network accounts and information. For example, these Social Functions may collect your IP address, identify which page you are visiting on our MLB Shop Website or set a cookie. Social Functions may also be used to register you as a MLB Shop Website user.  For example, if you are not currently registered as a MLB Shop Website user and you use certain Social Functions, you will be asked to enter your Social Network credentials and then be given the option to register and join the MLB Shop Website. If you choose to use these Social Functions, you may be sharing certain Social Network profile elements with us, including your name, birthday (month/day), comments, contacts, email address, photos or favorite teams. This sharing is subject to each Social Network's own privacy policy and terms of use. We do not control those Social Networks or your profiles on those services. Nor do we modify your privacy settings on those services or establish rules about how your personal information on those services will be used.  Social Functions are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our MLB Shop Website. Your interactions with them are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing them. Please refer to the privacy settings in your Social Network account to manage the data that is shared with us through your account. Information you include and transmit online in a publicly accessible blog, chat room or Social Network, or that you share in an open forum such as an in-person panel or survey, (collectively, "Open Forums") may be viewed and used by others without any restrictions. We do not control such uses of your personal information, and by using such services you assume the risk and acknowledge that the personal information provided by you in connection with Open Forums may be viewed and used by us and/or third parties for any number of purposes and that the usage restrictions set forth in this MLB Shop Privacy Policy do not apply to such services. To request removal of your personal information from a blog, community forum or other publicly-accessible part of the MLB Shop Website, contact us at [privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com](mailto:privacy@fanaticsretailgroup.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so.

Other Notices and Important Information

MLB Shop Privacy Policy Changes. We have the sole discretion to change, modify, add or remove portions of this MLB Shop Privacy Policy from time to time. New versions of this MLB Shop Privacy Policy will be posted here. Our collection, use and disclosure of your information will be governed by the version of this MLB Shop Privacy Policy in effect at the time of such collection, use or disclosure. If we materially change the way that we collect, use or disclose your personal information, we will notify you through a notice or updated MLB Shop Privacy Policy on the MLB Shop Website, or by email (sent to the email address specified in your account), prior to or upon the change(s) becoming effective. Accordingly, when you access or use the MLB Shop Website, you should check the date of this MLB Shop Privacy Policy and be aware of any changes since the last version. Your continued use of the MLB Shop Website following the posting of any changes to this MLB Shop Privacy Policy means that you accept such changes.  

Servers in the United States of America. Our servers are maintained in the United States of America ("USA").  By using the MLB Shop Website, you freely and specifically give us your consent to export your personal information to the USA and to store and use it in the USA as specified in this MLB Shop Privacy Policy. You understand that data stored in the USA may be subject to lawful requests by the courts or law enforcement authorities in the USA.

Terms and Conditions. Use of the MLB Shop Website is governed by, and subject to, the MLB Shop [Terms of Use](https://help-mlb.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/748), and this MLB Shop Privacy Policy is incorporated therein. Your use or accessing of the MLB Shop Website constitutes your agreement to be bound by the MLB Shop [Terms of Use](https://help-mlb.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/748).   

Contact Information.   Fanatics Retail Group, 8100 Nations Way, Jacksonville, FL 32256.

Last Updated January 20, 2016
