> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fruition.net privacy policy that was archived on 2019-03-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190304034628id_/https%3A//fruition.net/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - FRUITION

Fruition knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our Privacy Policy. By visiting Fruition’s website and using Fruition’s Services, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy, and consent to [Fruition’s Terms of Use](http://fruition.net/terms-of-use/).

### What Personal Information Does Fruition Gather?

The information we learn from you helps us personalize and continually improve your experience. Here are the types of information we gather:

**Information You Give Us:** We receive and store any information you enter on our Website or give us in any other way. We use this information to provide the products, services or information requested by you.

**Google Penalty Checker:** We receive and store your website’s Google Analytics data when you use the Google Penalty Checker. Fruition’s Google Penalty Checker uses Google Analytics data to run statistical analysis to determine if a website has been impacted by a search engine algorithm update. Data that is received and stored includes total visits to a website, time spent on each page of the website, bounce rate, traffic sources, conversions, and other data. This data is only used to gauge the impact of a search engine algorithm update on your website. The data is not sold, leased, rented, or in any way shared with third parties. The data is anonymized so there is no privacy impact to visitors to your website.

**Cookies:** We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with the Fruition website. Like many Websites, we use “cookies,” and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses Fruition’s website. Information collected by your use of Fruition’s website includes:

  * The Internet Protocol (“IP”) address of your Internet Service Provider (“ISP”) and/or your computer, if your computer has an IP address assigned directly to it.
  * The fully Qualified Domain Name (“Domain Name”) of your Internet Service Provider (“ISP”) and/or your computer, if your computer has a domain name assigned directly to it.
  * The type of browser (such as, for example Chrome, Mozilla, Internet Explorer, etc.) used and the operating system resident on a user’s computer.
  * The date and time a user visited the site.
  * The web pages accessed at the site, as well as any applications used and forms data.
  * The Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the site which a user visited prior to coming to Fruition’s website (if detectable), if such user did not connect directly to Fruition’s website, or use it as a homepage or “Portal.”



Fruition collects this information to understand how the Fruition website is being used, to help you navigate between pages efficiently, to help remember your preferences, and generally improve your browsing experience.

**Google Analytics:** We use Google Analytics to analyze your use of the Fruition website. For more information about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/ privacy/partners/. You can opt out of Google’s collection and Processing of data generated by your use of the Services by going to tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

**Pixel Tags/Web Beacons:** Certain pages on our website use pixels. Third parties, including Facebook, may use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from the Fruition website and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target ads.

**E-mail Communications:** To help us make e-mails more useful and interesting, we often receive a confirmation when you open e-mail from Fruition if your computer supports such capabilities.

### Does Fruition Share the Information It Receives?

Information about our Clients is an important part of our business, and we are not in the business of selling it to others. We share your information only as described below, and only with entities that Fruition controls that are subject to this Privacy Policy, or third parties that follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Policy.

**Third-Party Service Providers:** We may contract with other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include removing repetitive information from Client lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links (including paid listings and links), processing credit card payments, and providing other Client services. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.

**Protection of Fruition and Others:** We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce our agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Fruition, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. Obviously, however, this does not include selling, renting, sharing, or otherwise disclosing personally identifiable information from Clients for commercial purposes in violation of the commitments set forth in this Privacy Policy.

**With Your Consent:** Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when information about you might go to third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.

### How Secure Is Information About Me?

We work to protect the security of your information by using commercially reasonable data retention and security, including the use of hardware firewalls and IDS/IPS systems to protect your data.

It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer, and never share your password with anyone.

### What Choices Do I Have? Can I opt out?

As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information. To delete your data, send an email to privacy@fruition.net and request removal.

If you want to revoke Fruition’s access to your Google Analytics access, you may do so pursuant to the procedures outlined below.

If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, you may unsubscribe pursuant to the procedures outlined below.

You can disable Cookies pursuant to the procedures outlined below.

You can opt out of the collection and use of information related to Pixel Tags/Web Beacons pursuant to the procedures outlined below.

### How to Remove Google Analytics Permissions

You can remove Fruition’s Google Analytics access by going to https://myaccount.google.com/:

  1. In the “Sign-in & security” section, choose Apps with account access.
  2. Choose Manage apps.
  3. Choose the site or app you no longer want included and choose Remove.



To delete your data, send an email to privacy@fruition.net and request removal. Please note that this does not unsubscribe you from any emails.

### How to Unsubscribe from Fruition Emails

To unsubscribe from emails, you may click on the unsubscribe button in any email that is sent to you from Fruition. We will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt. If you receive emails from Fruition at multiple email accounts, you will need to unsubscribe from each account.

### How to Disable Cookies

The use of cookies is a standard practice on websites. Most Internet web browsers may be customized to reject cookies, to only accept or reject cookies by user intervention, or to delete cookies. Rejecting and/or removing cookies, however, may lead to loss of functionality on the Fruition website. The Help feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. Additionally, you can disable or delete similar data used by browser add-ons, such as Flash cookies. To be clear, cookie-based opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted out. For example, if you have opted out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device. You must separately opt out on each device.

### How to Out-Out of Pixel Tags/Web Beacons Information Collection

You can opt-out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting by visiting the following links: http://www.aboutads.info/choices or http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ To be clear these opt-outs must be performed on each device and browser that you wish to have opted out. For example, if you have opted out on your computer browser, that opt out will not be effective on your mobile device. You must separately opt out on each device.

### Are Children Allowed to Use Fruition?

If you are under 18, you may use Fruition only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian.

### Third Party Links

Fruition’s website provides links to, and may be linked from or to other websites. The existence and/or provision of those links neither constitutes nor implies endorsement of the destination or departure website(s) or of the content, viewpoint, accuracy, opinions, policy(ies), product(s), accessibility or privacy policy of said destination or departure website(s). Nor does any link between Fruition’s website and a third-party website imply sponsorship of such website, or the creator of such website. Some content on portions of Fruition’s website resides on servers run by third parties. Each agency providing content for Fruition’s website is bound by Fruition’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. Any agency using a third-party host, ISP, ASP or other combination of third-party transport, storage, content or application provision services shall be responsible for such third party’s compliance with Fruition’s Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.

### Intellectual Property

The content of Fruition’s website is copyrighted, and contains some third-party images/graphics that are used with permission. Users are notified of the need to obtain permission from Fruition before reproducing or otherwise using images/graphics from this website. FRUITION is a registered servicemark of Fruition Growth LLC.

### Terms of Use, Policies, and Revisions

If you choose to visit Fruition’s website, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Privacy Policy and Fruition’s Terms of Use, including warranty disclaimers, limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the law of the state of Colorado. If you have any concern about privacy at Fruition, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes, and our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, but you should check our Website frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Policy applies to all information that we have about you and your account.

©2018 All Rights Reserved – Fruition Growth, LLC
