> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 10xgenomics.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170215104537id_/http%3A//www.10xgenomics.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - 10x Genomics

10X Genomics, Inc. (referred to interchangeably herein as “10X”, “Company”, “we”, “us”, and possessively as “our”) may collect certain information based upon and as a result of your use of the 10X Genomics website(s) (“Site”). 10X’s collection and use of this information shall be carried out in accordance with this Privacy Policy (“Policy”).

  1.  **Personal Information**. In using the Site, you may be disclosing and 10X Genomics may be collecting certain information from and about you. This may include personally identifying information (“Personal Information”) that you are asked to submit in filling out any on-line order form, on-line customer or visitor registration, on-line requests for product and/or service information, and inquiries or submissions in response to potential or actual 10X Genomics career opportunities. The information may include personal contact information, such as your name, title, address, telephone number(s), e-mail address, company name and address, and ordering and billing details, and in the case of career submissions, employment and education history and other information of a personal nature. While the submission of this information through this Site is your choice, you may not be able to access any or all products and/or services offered by 10X Genomics through this Site if such information is not provided. If you do not wish to submit such information through this Site, you may contact 10X Genomics, as provided below to access such products and/or services.

  2.  **Other Information**. In addition to the foregoing Personal Information, 10X Genomics may collect certain other information while you are using the Site, including the Uniform Resource Locator (URL) of the website from which you have accessed our Site, the URLs that you have visited on our Site, the browser you are using to access our Site, and the Internet Protocol (IP) address from which you are accessing our Site. 

  3. **Your Consent**. In providing Personal Information to 10X Genomics through this Site, you are consenting and agreeing to 10X’s collection and use of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

  4. **Our Use of Your Information**. 10X Genomics will use your Personal Information and other information to process any orders, transactions or requests for information. We may also use such Personal Information and other information to offer or furnish additional information to you about the Company, its products and/or services, personalize the types of information you receive from 10X Genomics, evaluate how our Site is being used and the audience our Site is reaching, identify market trends and market interests that help us improve the products and services that we offer, and develop and improve the content and operation of our Site to better serve the needs of our customers. 10X Genomics will only disclose your Personal Information to such of its employees, agents or contractors who have a need know such information for the uses listed above. 10X Genomics will not disclose information you submit through this Site to any third parties except as expressly provided above, or to the extent such third party is assisting 10X Genomics in any of the uses listed above. Personal Information may also be aggregated with such information from other visitors to the Site such that the information no longer personally identifies you. We may use the aggregated information for the general purpose of evaluating our market and/or business trends, our customer demographics, interests and behavior, our past and future product or service offerings and/or pricing, or other aspects of our business. We may share such aggregated information with our business partners, vendors, distributors or other collaborators, for these same purposes. We may also sell or license such aggregate information to one or more third parties for use in a similar manner. 

  5. **Linked Websites**. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the websites of any third party that may be linked from the 10X Genomics Site or that may provide links to our Site. Any use of such third party websites shall be governed by the privacy and other policies, terms and conditions of such other websites, and 10X Genomics accepts no responsibility for the privacy and/or security of any information you may submit to any third party websites.

  6.  **Security**. 10X Genomics has implemented and follows appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational measures to protect against unauthorized access to, interception or processing of your Personal Information. However, you should know that neither we nor any other Internet site can fully eliminate these security risks and 10X Genomics shall not be liable for any such unauthorized access. 

  7. **Cookies**. The 10X Genomics Site may utilize “cookies” in order for us to monitor portions of the Site visited by users, so that we can improve upon the user’s experience with our Site. These cookies are files stored on your computer by our Site that are accessible by our Site. We may also use cookies when you register, order, or submit requests for information through the Site, that allow our Site to identify your computer on return visits, and help us to improve your experience in using our Site.

  8.  **Transfer**. 10X Genomics may, from time to time, transfer your Personal Information to third parties: to enable such third parties to assist us in providing our products and services to you and other customers; to conduct or conclude business transfers, such as in the sale or purchase of businesses, mergers, consolidations, or liquidations; and/or to agents, consultants and/or affiliated companies who perform certain business functions on behalf of 10X Genomics. We will not transfer any Personal Information to any third party without your consent, unless such third party is bound by terms of confidentiality that protect your Personal Information to the same extent afforded by this Policy.

  9.  **Forums**. If you use a community or discussion forum on the Site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by others, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit when using any community or discussion forum on the site.

  10.  **Changes to the Policy**. This policy may change from time to time, so review this Privacy Policy regularly upon visiting our Site. 10X Genomics may deviate from this Policy, but will not do so with respect to how we use your Personal Information, without first attempting to notify you of such deviation in accordance with the contact information you last provided to us through this Site. 

  11. **Contact**. You may contact 10X Genomics regarding this Policy by clicking the Contact link located on this page.



