> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the crh.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181227190725id_/https%3A//www.crh.com/fns/privacy-cookies) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - Cookies

**Privacy Statement**

Welcome to the CRH plc website (the "Site"). CRH takes the protection of an individual’s privacy seriously and we have set out our Privacy Statement below to keep you up-to-date on what information we gather about you and how we use that information. This Privacy Statement may be updated, so please check back from time to time for any updates. By using our Site, you agree to the terms set out in this Privacy Statement and to our use of cookies as described below. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use the Site. 

**Gathering information  
**

Depending on how you use our Site, we may gather and store different types of information about you. We collect personal information through the Site such as your name and email address when you submit it to us for certain products and services. 

We also collect information about your computer browser, including the computer’s IP address and a person’s location, browser type, operating system, and the web pages you visit. If you access our website from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier contained in that device. This information allows us to display or format relevant content and services for that device. 

**Visitors to the Site**

If you are browsing our Site, we may gather anonymous information about where you are and how you navigate and use our Site. We will use this information to improve the functioning and user-friendliness of the Site and so that we can keep track of traffic on the Site.

**"Contact us"**

If you visit the "Contact Us" section of our site and fill in the information requested in the "How can we help you section" we will use your information to deal with your queries and to respond to you. We may store the information you provide for future reference in order to assess how well we provide our service to you and others on an on-going basis. 

If you write to, call or email us, we will use your details to respond to you and will keep a record of your correspondence with us. 

**Sharing information**

We may share your information with other CRH entities in order to provide information and services you request from us and in order to improve our services. 

We will not share your information with third parties without your consent, unless required by law or governmental authority. 

**Security**

We are committed to keeping your information safe and secure and we employ appropriate technical and organisational security measures to prevent loss of or unauthorised access to your information. 

**Requests related to your Personal Information**

You can contact us any time to find out what information we hold about you or to request a copy. If you require us to delete your personal data, you should notify us. If you feel that our information is inaccurate or incorrect, we will be happy to correct it. 

If you wish to request any of the above or if you have a question regarding our use of your personal information, you should contact [rce@crh.com](mailto:rce@crh.com?subject=GDPR) (Subject: GDPR) or post your request to CRH plc, Re: GDPR, Stonemason’s Way, Rathfarnham, Dublin 16, D16 KH51.

**Cookies Statement**

This Site uses cookies. A cookie is a small amount of data generated by a website and saved by your web browser. Its purpose is to remember information about you, similar to a preference file created by a software application. Cookies perform a number of different functions. Some cookies are essential to deliver our Site and services to you. Cookies can be "persistent", remaining on your device after you have left the Site or can be "session" cookies that are deleted when you close your internet browser. You can use your browser settings to manage your cookie preferences but please note that in doing so, some functionality of the Site might not be available or might not work as effectively. 

CRH will not personally identify visitors and will not use cookies to contact you. CRH is committed to respecting your privacy at all times. 

Should you have any questions or concerns about how we use your personal information, please do not hesitate to contact us as outlined above.

  

