> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the discountsvu.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121230213523id_/http%3A//www.discountsvu.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy policy | DiscountsVu.com

Your privacy is important to us. Except as otherwise discussed in this Privacy Policy, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you online. By visiting DiscountsVu.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice. At DiscountsVu®, we want you to know exactly how and when we collect and use information that can specifically identify you, such as your name, mailing address, phone number, and email address ("personal information").

For some services, we may direct you to other merchants through links on our site who may collect and use your personal information. In those cases the third-party service provider or merchant's privacy policy will govern how your information is handled. We encourage you to ask questions and to be very cautious before you disclose your personal information to others.

  
**Information Collected**

**Personal Information**

We receive and store any information you enter on our 'Sign up’, or in 'My Account'. We only store information that you enter in the registration/account maintenance pages and no other page.

**Non-Personal Information**

Automatic Transactional Information: Certain non-personal Information may be collected automatically as part of your use of this Site, as well as from your transactions with us and our affiliates or non-affiliated third parties. This non-personal Information is used to improve the overall Site operations, functionality and appearance. Non-personal Information may include your IP address, web browser type, domain name and the time or date upon which you visited the Site.

**Cookie Policy**

Our site uses cookies to keep track of your Shopping Cart, and to preserve your password (if you choose) so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit. Cookies are small files stored on your computer by a web site to give you a unique ID and are set to expire. A cookie generated by our site contains no information about you.

Please note that where ever we provide links to other third party websites, they may set cookies and it is governed by their privacy policy.

  
**Use of Information**

DiscountsVu® will not disclose your personal information to any third party unless: 1) it is necessary in order to provide you with a particular Service you have requested; 2) it is required of DiscountsVu® in order to comply with a legal process in any applic able jurisdiction (e.g., court order, subpoena, search warrant, law enforcement request); 3) DiscountsVu® determines, in its sole discretion, that disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property, and safety of DiscountsVu®, its subsidiaries, affiliates, co-brand partners or other parties under contract with DiscountsVu®, our users, or others; or 4) you have provided such data through a partner's private-level shopping web site hosted by DiscountsVu®, in which case DiscountsVu® may provide your personal data to that partner (DiscountsVu® is not responsible for its partners' privacy policies or their use, storage and processing of data collected on their web sites). In addition, DiscountsVu® may transmit information to a merchant, such as an invoice number, which may permit the merchant to deduce the identity of a user/reviewer in the event that a merchant disputes a user review on the grounds that a transaction never took place between the user and the merchant and/or an order was never made by the user in each case for the applicable product(s)/service(s).

In certain instances, DiscountsVu® may request that you provide secondary information (e.g., demographic information), which we may use, for example, to learn more about our customers and to develop and improve our services. Any requests for secondary information will be marked "optional" (or its equivalent). We may compile your personal information with that collected from other customers to create aggregate data. Aggregate data is information about groups of customers and, once compiled, will in no way identify you as an individual. We may disclose aggregate data to our business affiliates, advertisers, and other parties.

Our web servers collect from Site visitors’ statistical information regarding what pages are visited, the date and time of the visits, how long it took a user to download a page, and the TCP/IP address of the user. These automated server functions do not collect this information in a manner intended to identify your individual use of the Site, nor do we use this information for any such purpose. This information is collected to assist us in maintaining a high quality site, as well as, providing necessary traffic information to our advertisers.

**Our commitment to data security**

To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Our internal security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary and only authorized individuals have access to the information provided by our users.

  
**Privacy Policy changes**

If DiscountsVu® makes changes to any terms or conditions of the Privacy Policy, the changes will be posted in this page so that you will always know what information we gather, how we might use that information and to whom we will disclose it. We may change, modify, add or remove portions of this Policy at any time, and any changes will become effective immediately upon being posted unless we tell you otherwise.

  
**Need more Help?**

Please [_contact us_](http://www.discountsvu.com/contact-us).   

