> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the discountflights.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-05-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160502114412id_/http%3A//www.discountflights.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Discount Flights, Airline Tickets, Hotels, Travel Deals

### Privacy Info:

We appreciate your privacy and hope that you feel comfortable trusting us. We provide a comparison shopping service that enables consumers to compare prices to all destinations, products and stores when they shop online. We believe that you have a right to know what information we collect, how we intend to use that information, whom we intend to share it with, and what measures we take to keep that information secure. 

### Collecting your info:

We may collect personal information that can identify you such as your name and e-mail address, as well as other information that does not identify you. When you provide personal information through the Site, the information may be sent to our servers located in the United States and other countries around the world. User Provided Information. We may collect and store any personal information that you enter into the Site or provide to us in some other manner. This includes identifying information (such as your name, address, e-mail address, and telephone number), and any other personal information you choose to provide while using the Site or the Services. Third Party List Information. We may also obtain both personal and non-personal information about you from third party data gathering sources. We may match this third-party collected information with the personally identifying information that you provide to us. When obtaining this information from third parties, we seek assurances from such third parties that they have the right to provide the information to us. Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Information Collection Technology. We and our business partners, such as advertisers, may use various technologies to collect information from your computer and about your activities on the Site. For example, we and our business partners may collect and store non-personally identifying information through technologies such as cookies, log files, clear gifs (also known as web beacons), and other tracking pixels and third parties to help determine user viewing preferences for advertising and other purposes. We collect information at several stages during your interaction with . When you first enter our site, we note your IP address and time of your visit. As you browse the site, we record your zip code via a cookie so we can serve more location specific information on your next visit. We will not collect any personally identifiable information about you. Cookies do not recognize you as a person, just your computer. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits although in that case you may not be able to use certain features on our site. This Privacy Policy is intended to cover collection of information on the Site from residents of the United States. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. If you are visiting the Site from outside the United States, you acknowledge and agree that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. By using our Services, you acknowledge and agree that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy. 

### Third Party Advertising:

We work with third parties who use cookies to collect non-personally identifiable information when you visit our Web site and other sites. This information may be used to provide you with better shopping or savings opportunities through advertisements on this and other Web sites that you visit, or to conduct market research and website analysis.

### User submited reviews:

We discourage you from entering any personal information and please keep in mind that whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online - for example through e-mail, discussion lists, or elsewhere - that information can be collected and used by others. In short, if you post personal information online that is accessible to the public, you may receive unsolicited messages from other parties in return. It is not required for you to submit personally identifiable information to enable you to submit a review.

### Sharing of information:

We do not not share any contact information or IP address information with its partners. We will only use information that helps our customers to find the lowest prices airline tickets.

### How we protect your information:

The privacy and protection of your personal information is vitally important to us. Our Travel Portal does not make personal information available to any third parties without your permission. Any user statistics that we may provide to prospective advertisers or partners regarding your usage are provided in the aggregate only and do not include any personally identifiable information about any individual user. This Website Privacy Statement is effective as of the date listed below. Even if you read and/or agreed to a prior policy statement, you need to review this updated version. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, or other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. If, however, we are going to use users personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days.
