> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the discovercarhire.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606221928id_/https%3A//www.discovercarhire.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Car Hire with discount rates from Discover Car Hire

Discover Car Hire is committed to ensuring that all customer personal details and credit card information is kept confidential, so that it cannot be read as it is sent over the internet. Booking on our website is a completely secure process. We use SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology, which is a recognised industry standard that encrypts all your personal data.

For each visitor on our website, our web server automatically recognises information regarding the domain or email address. We collect the email addresses of those who communicate with us via email. We may also collect the name, address and telephone number of those who register in our system. We collect no information on consumers who browse our website. If you do not want to receive any emails from us in the future, please let us know by sending an email to [support@discovercarhire.com](mailto:support@discovercarhire.com). If you provide us with your postal address online, you will only receive information directly related to the purpose for which you provided your address. Persons who provide their telephone numbers will only receive telephone contact from us for information regarding orders they have placed online.

We use cookies on our website to make sure you have the best experience we can offer. We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy policy. Should our information practices change at a future date, we will notify you of the policy change and give you the choice to opt out of these new uses before using your data for these purposes. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by sending us an email at the address above.

Upon request, we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g.., customer number or password) and reservation request information (e.g.., dates on which customers made reservation requests) that we keep about them. Consumers can access this information by sending us an email at the address above. Upon request, visitors may have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, unique identifiers and communications that the consumer/visitor has forwarded to the site.

This website is owned and operated by Discover Car Hire Ltd, registration number 40103690968, a specialist in worldwide car rental distribution. Our financial centre and marketing office is based at Jauna street 35a, Jurmala, Latvia. Thank you for booking with us.
