> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the diseno-art.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-05-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110528015355id_/http%3A//diseno-art.com/privacy_policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Diseno-art.com | Site Map

[Home](http://www.diseno-art.com/) > Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy  
The privacy of visitors to diseno-art.com is very important to us. At diseno-art.com, we recognize that privacy of your personal information is important. Here is information on what types of personal information we receive and collect when you use and visit this site, and how we safeguard your information. We never under any circumstance supply this information to third parties.Log Files  
As with most other websites, we collect and use the data contained in log files. The information in the log files include your IP (internet protocol) address, your ISP (internet service provider), the browser you used to visit our site (such as Internet Explorer or Firefox), the time you visited our site and which pages you visited throughout our site. Cookies and Web Beacons  
On diseno-art.com third party advertisements are used to support our site. Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed. This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing relevant advertisements depending on your location) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing gadget advertisments to someone who frequents gadget websites). DoubleClick DART cookies  
We also may use DART cookies for ad serving through Google’s DoubleClick, which places a cookie on your computer when you are browsing the web and visit a site using DoubleClick advertising (including some Google AdSense advertisements). This cookie is used to serve ads specific to you and your interests. The ads served will be targeted based on your previous browsing history. DART uses "non personally identifiable information". It does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, telephone number, social security numbers, bank account numbers or credit card numbers.

You can choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security. However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites. This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts. 

Deleting cookies does not mean you are permanently opted out of any advertising program. Unless you have settings that disallow cookies, the next time you visit a site running the advertisements, a new cookie will be added. 
