> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the disini.link privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190506121453id_/http%3A//www.disini.link/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Disini.link | Responsive Short Url

Privacy policy page Your privacy concerns are important to us. We’ve created this statement in order to fully demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices that we use when you’re visiting our Web site. E-mail Address Your e-mail address is unique and when linked to your subscription, gives an added level of security when you access your account. We do not collect your e-mail address unless you specifically provide it to us. When you register online, we offer a selection of e-mail preferences and services from which you may choose the type of e-mail you would prefer to receive. Preferences include e-letters, alerts, service-related matters, special offers relating to your subscription, special offers from the publisher and sometimes offers from affiliate companies that we believe may be of interest to you. You may modify your selections at anytime via the Preferences link at the bottom of every email we send you. That includes the ability to opt out of ever receiving messages from us again. We will not give your email address to any third parties. Postal Address If you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information about new products and services or upcoming events. You may also receive postal mailings from other reputable organizations that offer products and services that we think may be of interest to you. Outside of these organizations, we will not disclose any information unless required to do so by law or other regulatory authority. Telephone Numbers It’s very rare that we might contact you by telephone. But we may do so if we have a question about your order or if we discover an opportunity that may interest you. We do not rent your telephone number to other organizations. Personal Information We don’t collect or store personally identifying information about you unless you have knowingly provided such information. Personal information that you willingly provide will not be made available to other organizations. Cookies A cookie is a data file that is written to a computer’s hard drive when you visit certain Web sites. We use cookies on this Web site to authenticate your user name and password and to maintain your login session. We do not collect, store or provide to others any personal information through the use of cookies. Sponsors, Advertisers And Links This Web site may provide links to third-party Web sites, such as those of our business partners and online advertisers. On these sites, other companies may collect personally identifiable information about you. This privacy statement does not cover the information practices of those parties and Web sites. We encourage you to review their privacy policies to learn more about what, why and how they collect and use personally identifiable information. DoubleClick DART Cookie .:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on www.disini.link .:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit to www.disini.link and other sites on the Internet. .:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include Google Adsense These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on disini.link send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see. www.disini.link has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. disini.link’s privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites. If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers’ respective websites. E-mail Correspondence E-mail is not privacy protected. Messages traveling through the Internet using e-mail processes are subject to viewing, alteration and copying by potentially anyone on the Internet. We encourage you to send confidential correspondence only through the channels provided within this Web site. Children’s Privacy We do not provide products or services for children under 13, and we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children. If you learn that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, you may alert us at via the Help page on this site. In the event that we learn we have collected personal information about a child, we will delete that information from our database as quickly as possible.

[ ](https://web.archive.org/)
