> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the displate.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140626133123id_/http%3A//displate.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

Unless otherwise defined in this Policy, terms used in this Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms, accessible at http://displate.com/regulations. As used in this Policy, the terms "using" and "processing" information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting the information to statistical or other analysis and using or handling information in any way, including, but not limited to collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using, combining, disclosing and transferring information within our organization or among our affiliates within the United States or internationally. 

Displate processes data from you during registration, this takes place exclusively within the scope of European data protection law. You may visit our website and inform yourself without having to disclose any personal information. While visiting our website, you generally remain anonymous and the connection data is provided by your internet browser each time a page is opened, e.g. the date, the duration or the name of your internet service provider will be used by us with no personal reference unless you have logged in with your user name and password. 

In order to provide Users with the desired services Users provide personal information on a voluntary basis, by filling out the profile. This personal information could include: 

\- First name and last name   
\- Email Address   
\- Profile Picture 

The moment we use data for a purpose which requires your consent in accordance with the legal conditions, we will ask for your express consent. You can, of course, revoke this consent at any time and/or revoke the future use of your data. 

## Facebook Connect

To use Displate we also offer the possibility to register with your login data from Facebook (through Facebook Connect). If you want to use this offer, please note, that with your consent the platforms and providers transfer personal and non-personal data to us. The following data are concerned: 

\- general profile data from Facebook: Name, profile picture, sex, user ID   
\- birth date   
\- email address 

For further details about the purpose and extent of the collection, procession and usage of the data please see the terms of use and the privacy policy of the respective platform or provider (e.g. on Facebook.com). 

## Third party services

Insofar as we utilize/employ a third party service provider for this, they shall only receive the necessary data from us and are themselves obligated to protecting your personal data. We require your email address so that we can confirm the receipt of your registration and communicate with you (e.g. to send a registration confirmation or to deliver an ordered newsletter). 

Within the scope of the legal conditions, we can assess usage profiles using a pseudonym for the purposes of advertising, market research and to improve our services, but only insofar as you have not exercised your legal right to revoke the permission of the use of your data. 

## Cookies

A portion of our services require us to use so-called cookies. Cookies are small files which your internet browser stores on your computer. Information regarding your visit to our website can be stored in cookies. Most browsers are configured to accept cookies by default. You can, however, configure your browser so that it rejects cookies or requires confirmation from you in advance. If you reject cookies, however, it could lead to not all of our website functioning flawlessly for you. 

## E-mail Communications

Displate is very concerned about your privacy and we will never provide your email address to a third party without your explicit permission. Displate may send out e-mails with Displate-related news, products, offers, surveys or promotions. You may also receive notification e-mails from Displate, which inform you of actions (e.g. comments, likes, follows, displays) that have been performed on the site. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, please follow the instructions contained in the unwanted e-mail message. However, please note that in all cases you will continue to receive all system e-mails (e.g. those regarding forgotten user passwords) and legal notices (e.g. updates to our policies) from us. 

## Google Analytics

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service of Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files, which are stored on your computer and allow an analysis of your use of the website. The information regarding your use of this website generated by the cookie (including your IP address) is transferred to a Google server in the USA and stored there. In case of the activation of the IP anonymization on this website, Google will shorten your IP address within the member states of the European Union or within states that are parties to the European Economic Area (EEA) Agreement before transferring the information. The full IP address will only be transferred to a Google server in the USA on an exceptional basis, and will then be shortened in the USA. On behalf of the operator of this website, Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage for the website operator. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your web browser, however please note that if you do so, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. Furthermore, you can opt-out from being tracked by Google Analytics by downloading and installing the Browser-Addon from the following page: [http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en] 

## Social sharing

Displate uses social plug-ins from Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest, including among others the Facebook "like" button, the Twitter "twitt" button and the Pinterest "Pin it" button. When these are viewed and/or clicked, a direct connection between your computer and the server of the provider of these plug-ins (e.g. Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, etc.) is created. This allows the providers to collect personal and non-personal data from you. We recommend that you inform yourself regarding the types of data covered by this as well as the purpose and scope of the data collection and further processing and use by Facebook and Twitter as well as your rights and configuration options for protecting your private sphere by reading the data protection notices at http://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation.php, http://twitter.com/privacy and http://about.pinterest.com/privacy/ 

## Data Administration

Displa.io Sp z o.o. (based in Warsaw, ul. Królowej Marysieńki 94a) is the administrator of personal data within the meaning of the Act from 29 August 1997 on the protection of personal data (ie. Journal of Laws of 2002, No. 101, item. 926 with further changes) and processes personal data in order to provide services for archiving, as well as sales of products and services. Displa.io Sp z o.o. ensure that the rights under the above mentioned Act. In particular, to obtain information regarding the processing of personal data and to correct them, and the right to bring in the cases referred to in the Act substantiated written request to cease processing your personal data and the right to object to the processing of data for marketing purposes. 

## Final notes

You have the right to receive information about the personal data regarding your person which is stored and to correct, supplement or delete it at any time. Please use the contact us section for this purpose. 
