> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the distillvideo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181030064934id_/https%3A//distillvideo.com/page/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Free video downloader: download any video from any site using url online

## Privacy Policy

**PRIVACY POLICY**  


We are very delighted that you have shown interest in Distill Video ([https://distillvideo.com](https://distillvideo.com/)). we know that our users care about how your personal information is used and shared. We take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy.

By visiting or using the Services in any manner, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, process and share your information as described herein.

I. PRIVACY PRINCIPLES

This Privacy Policy reflects the following three principles that we strive to uphold in providing you with the services on our Services:

  * 1. We will only collect information that helps us to improve our Services;

  * 2. You may provide and we only collect information that can identify you personally(“Personal Information”) in order to provide the Services;

  * 3. Our privacy practices will be transparent to you.




II. WHAT DOES THIS PRIVACY POLICY COVER?

This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of information that we gather when you are accessing or using our Services. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control (including, without limitation, the third party content providers from whom you may receive content through the Services), or to individuals that we do not employ or manage.

Company does not knowingly collect or solicit Personal Information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register for the Website or send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to Company or on the Website. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us by using the contact form at our homepage.

III. WHAT INFORMATION DOES Distill Video COLLECT?

The information we collect can be generally placed in two categories: 1) data on how the user uses our Services; 2) aggregate data on content the user engages with. We may use this information to personalize and improve our services, to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, and to analyze how you use the Services. We may provide this information to our partners, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal experience, but we never disclose information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally. Here are a few examples of data we collect when you use our Services:

  * 1. Whenever you interact with our website, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, “cookie” information, and the page you requested. “Cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your computer or mobile device that allow us to recognize your computer or device and tell us how and when the Services are visited and by how many people. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your computer or device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features. We may use Google Analytics to gather non-Personal Information. In such cases, you may have the option to disable certain features as described below.

  * 2. Google Analytics is a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses cookies to help the website analyze how individuals use the Website and Apps. The non-Personal Information generated by the cookie about your use of the site will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States of America (“USA”). Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the site, compiling reports on site activity for our purpose, evaluation and providing other services relating to the site activity and Internet usage. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may disable cookies within your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of the site. By using this site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. For certain browsers, you can also prevent Google from collecting information (including your IP address) via cookies and processing this information by downloading this browser plugin and installing it: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.

  * 3. Whenever you interact with Distill Video, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs, for example:

  * 1.) Services usage data. For example, this may include information regarding the version of our software you are using, the location from where you downloaded our software, how often you launch our software, which features you use, and the number of videos you have downloaded. We use this to improve our promotion and help more users discover Company.

  * 2). Data on the quality of our Services. For example, this may include information regarding crashes and your connection between your phone and your computer. This data allows us to make our software more stable and faster.

  * 3).Data on user downloads. For example, this may include information regarding which videos you download and your average download speed. This allows us to choose our content partners, and alerts us if downloads become slow or unreliable.

  * 4).Aggregate statistics on content. For example, this may include the number of contacts you have on your phone, how many contacts you have marked as favorites, and the number of apps, songs, videos, or other content you have on your phone. This information is only collected as aggregate data, without reference to your or your contacts’ identities.

  * 5).Hardware and software identification. For example, this may include the type of mobile phone you are using, the version of Android operating system, the size of your device’s screen and internal storage. We support over 500 different Android devices and this helps us reach decisions as to how to prioritize support for different kinds of hardware and software.




If Distill Video collects e-mail addresses from users, these e-mails are used to send license keys and changes in registration. Registered users can change or remove their e-mail addresses by contacting us.If you sign up for our newsletter, your email address will be kept confidential, and it will only be used to send you our newsletter.

If there are premium service subscription options, during purchase process, we collect user information. This information is collected by our registration provider such as Paypal, trusted e-commerce company, known for their long-term reputation for professionalism and security. They have their own privacy policy. No personal information will ever be shared with another company. Distill Video do not know users' credit card numbers and other sensitive payment information - this data is only available to the secure service of Paypal or other companies during the purchase process and they deal with it safely.

  * A few particular features to note:

    1. If you're using our software and it crashes, the crash report sent to our server may contain some information about the operating system that you use.

    2. If you download content via our desktop software, we store a copy to your computer so that the next time you connect your phone you don't have to download it again.

    3. If you provide us with your name and email address, we will use this information for the purpose of contacting you regarding our services and products. You may opt out of such communications at any time by unsubscribing through our website or contacting us through one of the methods listed at the end of this policy.




We don't store personal information on our servers unless required for the operation of our services and it's usually for a limited time only, we also don't share your personal information with anyone.

Our Services do NOT collect the following information:

  * 1. Your phone number

  * 2\. Your friends' phone numbers

  * 3. Your cat's phone number

  * 4\. Any of the content of your text messages, either sent or received

  * 5\. Your music, photos, or videos

  * 6\. The content you download via Company




We do not purport to have listed all possible disclosures that we might make. This Privacy Policy is intended to help you understand our general practices. This policy is not a promise that your information will never be disclosed except as described above. For example, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access information transmitted to or contained on the site, technologies may malfunction or not work as anticipated, or someone might access, abuse or misuse information, despite a lack of permission. Although we use what we believe to be commercially reasonable practices to protect your privacy, that does not mean, and you should not expect it to mean, that your information or communications will always be private or protected.

We generally will retain information for as long as required, allowed or for as long as we believe it useful. If you cease using the website, or your permission to use the website is terminated, we may continue to use and disclose your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy as amended from time to time. We do not undertake retention obligations through this Privacy Policy. We may dispose of information in our discretion without notice, subject to applicable law.

IV. DO WE DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?

In addition to the disclosures described herein, we may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety. Subject to applicable law, we reserve the right voluntarily or involuntarily to make all lawful, worldwide uses of Personal Information, including without limitation, to: collect, use, access (or bar access), process, fulfill, disclose, display, share, respond to legal process or otherwise exercise our rights under applicable law, transfer, store, sell, lease, retain, commingle, investigate, verify, prove, enforce, delete, and otherwise deal with Personal Information, and information other than Personal Information.

V. DISCLAIMER REGARDING SECURITY AND THIRD PARTY SITES

WE DO NOT GUARANTEE THE SECURITY OF PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OTHER INFORMATION IN ANY FORM. We do implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your Personal Information. Your Personal Information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your Personal Information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.

In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).

VI. ARE YOU VISITING OUR SITE FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES?

If you are visiting our web site or purchasing products from outside of the USA otherwise contacting us from outside of the USA please be aware that your Personal Information may be transferred to, stored or processed in the USA, where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the USA and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using our site or purchasing our products, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.

VII. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY

We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website or sending you an email. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Services after such changes have been first posted.

VIII. HOW CAN YOU OPT-OUT, REMOVE OR MODIFY INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED TO US?

To modify your email subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in your account or by sending us an email at the address below. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production. To delete all of your online account information from our database please contact us directly by using the contact form at our homepage.Subject to applicable laws, please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.

IX. CONSENT TO ELECTRONIC NOTICE IF THERE IS A SECURITY BREACH

If we are required to provide notice of unauthorized access or other invasion of certain security systems, you agree that we (or they) may do so when required (or voluntarily) by posting notice on our web site or sending notice to any email address we have for you, in our (or their) good faith discretion. You agree that notice to you will count as notice to others for whom you are acting, and agree to pass the notice on to them.

X. QUESTIONS OR CONCERNS

If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message by using the contact form at the homepage of Distill Video.
