> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the distimo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-07-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170729030109id_/https%3A//www.appannie.com/en/legal/privacy/%3F_ref%3Dfooter) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# App Annie Privacy Policy

[ ](https://privacy.truste.com/privacy-seal/validation?rid=b4bdf4df-f37b-4991-8da8-f9eeadfc2c46)

BY USING THE APP ANNIE EUROPE LIMITED (TOGETHER WITH ITS AFFILIATES, “APP ANNIE” OR “US”/“WE”/“OUR”) WEBSITES (THE “SITES”), MOBILE APPLICATIONS OR ANY SERVICES OFFERED BY APP ANNIE’S NETWORK OF PROPERTIES (COLLECTIVELY WITH THE FOREGOING, THE “SERVICES”), YOU AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY (“PRIVACY POLICY”) AND CONSENT TO THE USE, COLLECTION, PROCESSING AND TRANSFER OF YOUR INFORMATION AS DESCRIBED HEREIN. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY, PLEASE DO NOT USE THE SERVICES. 

This Privacy Policy is incorporated into the Terms of Service that can be viewed at [www.appannie.com/help/terms/.](http://www.appannie.com/legal/terms/) All capitalized terms that are not defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Terms of Service. 

If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) [here.](https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request)

App Annie complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union to the United States. App Annie has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles and are subject to the Federal Trade Commission’s enforcement powers.  If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern.  To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit [https://www.privacyshield.gov/list](https://www.privacyshield.gov/list).

The term “Provided Information” shall mean information that you provide to App Annie through the Services including, without limitation, information that you enter on a registration form (e.g., name, email address, phone number); a request for information; a request for access to the Services; a registration for an event; a forum or bulletin board; or an order form. 

The term “Technical Information” shall mean information that is automatically collected when you visit or use the Services including, without limitation, the type of browser you are using, the type of operating system you are using, the date/time of your visit, your IP address and navigational information (such as which pages you visit and if you experienced any errors). Technical Information also includes information collected through our mobile applications and experiences, such as your phone model, phone operating system version, the duration and frequency of your usage sessions and information regarding application crashes (but not GPS information).Provided Information and Technical Information are collectively referred to as “Information.” 

We use analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our mobile apps. This software records information such as how often you use the app, the events that occur within the app, aggregated usage and performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We may link the information we store within the analytics software to personally identifiable information you submit within the mobile application for internal business purposes including, without limitation, to provide App Annie with statistics on how the Services are used, to help App Annie measure errors in the Services, to enhance the Services and for marketing purposes. 

We may retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements. 

This Privacy Policy provides you with clear information about cookies and similar technologies and App Annie’s purposes for using them (which include, among other things, collecting Technical Information). By continuing to use the Services, you are agreeing to App Annie’s use of such technologies on your computer and/or mobile device. If you do not consent to App Annie’s use such technologies, you must change the settings on your browser or not use the Services. 

A cookie is a text-only string of information that a website transfers to the cookie file of the browser on your computer or mobile device. A cookie allows us to distinguish you from other visitors so that we can remember who you are. A cookie will typically contain the name of the domain from which the cookie originated, the "lifetime" of the cookie, and a value (usually a randomly generated unique number). 

App Annie’s systems may issue cookies as soon as you visit the Sites unless you have adjusted your browser setting to refuse cookies. If you do not want App Annie to attach cookies, then you must choose to disable cookies on your browser, which you may do at any time. If you disable cookies on your browser, some parts of the Services may not work fully. 

We employ technologies such as clear gifs (a.k.a. Web Beacons), tags and scripts to help us better manage content by informing us what content is effective. Clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track online usage metrics. In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer or device, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages. We do tie the information gathered by clear gifs to personally identifiable information. 

As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes IP address, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit page, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to analyze trends, to administer the site, to measure users’ activity on the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We do link this automatically collected data to personally identifiable information. 

Our Services may include links, features or components supplied by third parties, such as the Facebook “Like” button or other interactive tools. Such third-parties may have information practices different than those set forth herein and their use of cookies and similar technologies is not covered by this Privacy Policy. We do not have access to or control over such third parties and encourage you to consult the privacy notices provided by those third parties. 

We partner with a third party to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking [here](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/) (or if located in the European Union, [click here](http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/)). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads. 

App Annie will use your Provided Information in the ordinary course of App Annie’s business with or for you. Examples of App Annie’s ordinary course of business include, without limitation, responding to your inquiries; processing a request; providing you with access to the Services; or placing an order. App Annie may also use your Provided Information to contact you about App Annie’s products and services, such as through promotional emails (subject to your subscription preferences). 

App Annie will use your Technical Information for App Annie’s internal business purposes including, without limitation, to provide App Annie with statistics on how the Services are used, to help App Annie measure errors in the Services, to enhance the Services and for marketing purposes. Technical Information may also be used to improve your individual experience with the Services. 

App Annie may share your Information with App Annie’s offices throughout the world subject to this Privacy Policy. We may also share or receive information, including Provided Information, with, from and/or among affiliates. Such information will be used to help us provide, understand, and improve the Services. Some of our pages (such as those accepting job applications) utilize framing techniques to serve content from our partners while preserving the look and feel of our Sites. Please be aware that you are providing your personal information to these third parties and not to App Annie. 

App Annie may share your Information with third parties who perform services for App Annie (“Service Providers”). Such Service Providers are prohibited from using your Information other than to provide services to App Annie, as specified below. 

App Annie may disclose your Information without notice to you if we conclude that it is required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena or similar legal process, or when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request. 

Notwithstanding anything herein, App Annie reserves the right to use and disclose anonymous data to third parties in its discretion. Other than as set forth herein, App Annie will not share, rent or sell your Information to a third party. We may also share or receive information, including Provided Information, with, from and/or among affiliates.You have the possibility, [under certain conditions](https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=How-to-Submit-a-Complaint), to invoke binding arbitration for complaints regarding Privacy Shield compliance.

Information may be provided in certain circumstances to third parties to carry out tasks on our behalf for the purpose of maintaining, operating, providing and improving the Services (e.g., billing, emailing, processing applications, CRM, support and data storage) with strict restrictions that prevent such Information from being used or shared except as directed by us. When third parties carry out tasks on our behalf, they are subject to agreements that oblige them to process such information only on our instructions, in compliance with App Annie’s policies and with appropriate confidentiality and security measures. App Annie is responsible for third-party processing of personal data including subsequent transfers to agents acting on its behalf, should it violate any Privacy Shield principles. These companies are authorized to use your Information only as necessary to provide services to us. You hereby acknowledge and consent to such use by using the Services.   


Your Information may be processed by App Annie or Service Providers in the country in which it was collected or entered (“Original Country”). App Annie or Service Providers may also transfer your Information to countries other than the Original Country. Such other countries may have different data protection laws than the Original Country and you expressly agree to such processing and transfer.   


App Annie employs a variety of security technologies and procedures designed to help prevent unauthorized disclosure of, access to and use of Information that App Annie collects or receives. However, App Annie cannot guarantee the security of your Information. Our Data Security Policy can be found at [http://www.appannie.com/security/](http://www.appannie.com/legal/security/).   


Upon request, App Annie will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal information. You can update or correct personal information (e.g., your email address) by accessing your account. You can also access, or delete, your information by reaching out to us at [legal@appannie.com](mailto:legal@appannie.com). To opt-out of receiving our newsletters or marketing emails, you can follow the unsubscribe instructions included in the emails communications you receive, access the email preferences in you account settings page, or contact us at the above email address. We will respond to your request within 30 days. Please note that we have the right to reject deletion requests that are unduly burdensome or repetitive or that cannot be honored in light of legal obligations or ongoing disputes, or where retention is necessary to enforce our agreements or protect our or another party’s rights, property, safety, or security.   


If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy or its implementation, you may contact App Annie via email ([legal@appannie.com](mailto:legal@appannie.com)) or at the following address: App Annie One Kearny Building 23 Geary Street, Suite 400/800 San Francisco, CA 94108 [legal@appannie.com](mailto:legal@appannie.com)

Upon written request by you, App Annie will provide you with access to your Provided Information and a chance to correct such information. 

App Annie reserves the right to revise this Privacy Policy or any part of it from time to time. We will provide notice (e.g., via email or our website) of material changes before any such changes take effect. Changes to this Privacy Policy may affect Information provided to App Annie before the revised Privacy Policy. Please review the Privacy Policy periodically for changes. You acknowledge and agree that your use of the Services after App Annie posts an updated privacy policy will constitute notice of, and consent to, the updated policy. 
