> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the distractify.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160622031443id_/http%3A//distractify.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Distractify.com

## PRIVACY POLICY

_Last modified on February 11, 2015_

Distractify, Inc. (“Distractify,” “we,” or “us”) provides a platform for users (“Users”, “you”, or “your”) to discover and create content. Distractify takes your privacy seriously and has created this privacy policy (the “Privacy Policy”) to explain how we collect, use, disclose, and protect information that applies to our web sites (the “Sites”), services, any Distractify mobile services and applications, and any software provided on or in connection with the Distractify services (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy also explains your choices about the collection and use of your information. Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given them in our Terms of Service. By using the Services, you do hereby warrant and represent that 1) you have read, understand and agree to all terms and conditions stated herein, including our Terms of Service, available at <http://www.distractify.com/terms>, incorporated herein by reference, which govern the use of the Services, and 2) that you are giving Distractify permission to use and store such information consistent with this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service.

I. How We Collect and Use Information

  * **Personally Identifiable Information:** We collect information that can be used to identify you as an individual (“Personally Identifiable Information”) only when you provide such information directly to us in connection with the Services.
  * **Types of Personally Identifiable Information you may provide:** You aren’t required to provide us with any Personally Identifiable Information in order to use our Services, however, you may choose to provide certain Personally Identifiable Information to us, such as your full name, birthdate, phone number, and e-mail address. We may also retain the contents of any messages you send to us or through the Services, and we may collect information you provide in user content that you post or upload to the Services (“User Content”). Finally, we may now or in the future allow Users to create accounts. If you choose to sign up for a User account, we may collect certain Personally Identifiable Information, including your username, full name, phone number, and e-mail address. You can view your account information, including a history of what you have recommended, shared, and liked, on your User account. If you sign up for our e-mail newsletter, we will collect your e-mail address.
  * **Personally Identifiable Information we may receive from third parties:** We may now or in the future receive Personally Identifiable Information about you from third parties. For example, if you access our Sites or Services through a third-party connection or log-in, including social networking services such as Google, Facebook, or Twitter, by “following,” “liking,” adding the Distractify application, linking your account to the Services, etc., that third party may pass certain information about your use of its service to Distractify. This information could include, but is not limited to, the user ID associated with your account (for example, your Facebook user identification), an access token necessary to access that service, any information that you have permitted the third party to share with us, and any information you have made public in connection with that service. You should always review, and if necessary, adjust your privacy settings on third-party websites and services before linking or connecting them to the Services.
  * **Use of Personally Identifiable Information:** We may use the Personally Identifiable Information we collect or receive to communicate directly with you We may also send you emails containing newsletters, promotions and special offers. If you do not want to receive such email messages, we will give you the option to opt out or change your preferences. We also use your Personally Identifiable Information to provide the Services and send you Services-related emails or other emails that we believe may interest you (e.g., account verification, purchase and billing confirmations and reminders, changes/updates to features of the Services, technical and security notices). You may not opt out of Services-related e-mails. As discussed below, we may also combine your Personally Identifiable Information with third party analytics information to build a broader profile of our individual Users so that we can serve you better and provide custom, personalized content and information. Additionally, we may use the Personally Identifiable Information we collect for identification and authentication and fraud prevention, to analyze Site usage and improve the Services, for internal market research, troubleshooting problems, to enforce our Terms of Service, and as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy. Note that we will never email you to ask for your account information; if you receive such an email, please forward it to support@distractify.com.
  * **Non-Personally Identifiable Information:** We also collect and use information about your interactions with the Services in a manner and format that does not identify you as an individual (“Non-Personally Identifiable Information”). We may collect, use, and disclose the following types of Non-Personally Identifiable Information:
  * **Analytics information.** We use third-party analytics tools to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the Services. These tools collect information sent by your browser as part of a web page request, including the web pages you visit, your browser add-ons, and other information that assists us in improving the Services. We may collect and use this analytics information together with your Personally Identifiable Information to build a broader profile of our individual Users so that we can serve you better.
  * The Sites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”).
  * Google Analytics uses cookies to help analyze how users use the Sites. The information generated by the cookie about your use (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the Sites, compiling reports on activity for its staff and providing other services relating to web page activity and internet usage.
  * Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf.
  * You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. By using the Sites and accepting cookies, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. Please refer to the Google Analytics’ currently available opt-outs for the web, found at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.
  * **Cookies information:** When you visit the Services, we may send one or more cookies to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets Distractify help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Sites. A cookie may also convey information to us about how you use the Services (e.g., the pages you view, the links you click and other actions you take on the Services), and allow us or our business partners to track your usage of the Services over time. A persistent cookie remains on your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Sites. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Services may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.
  * **Log file information:** Log file information is automatically reported by your browser each time you access a web page. When you use our Services, our servers (whether operated by us or a third party provider) automatically record certain log file information. These server logs may include anonymous information such as your web request, Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, referring / exit pages and URLs, number of clicks and how you interact with links on the Services, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information.
  * **Clear gifs/web beacons information:** When you use the Services, we may employ clear gifs (also known as web beacons) which are used to anonymously track the online usage patterns of our Users. In addition, we may also use clear gifs in HTML-based emails sent to our Users to track which emails are opened and which links are clicked by recipients. The information is allows for more accurate reporting and improvement of the Services.
  * **Device identifiers:** When you access the Services by or through a mobile device (including but not limited to smart-phones or tablets), we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store one or more “device identifiers,” such as a unique device identifier (“UDID”). Device identifiers are small data files or similar data structures stored on or associated with your mobile device, which uniquely identify your mobile device. A device identifier may be data stored in connection with the device hardware, data stored in connection with the device’s operating system or other software, or data sent to the device by Distractify. A device identifier may convey information to us about how you browse and use the Services. A device identifier may remain persistently on your device, to help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the Services. Some features of the Services may not function properly if use or availability of device identifiers is impaired or disabled.
  * **Location data:** When you access the Services by or through a mobile device, we may access, collect, monitor and/or remotely store “location data,” which may include GPS coordinates (e.g. latitude and/or longitude) or similar information regarding the location of your mobile device. Location data may convey to us information about how you browse and use the Services. Some features of the Services, particularly location-based services, may not function properly if use or availability of location data is impaired or disabled.
  * **Use of Non-Personally Identifiable Information we collect:** We use or may use cookies, log file, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs information to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit the Sites; (b) provide custom, personalized content and information; (c) to provide and monitor the effectiveness of our Services; (d) monitor aggregate metrics such as total number of visitors, traffic, and demographic patterns; (e) diagnose or fix technology problems; (f) help you efficiently access your information after you sign in; (g) to provide advertising to your browser or device, and (h) automatically update the Distractify application on your mobile devices.



II. Sharing of Your Information

  * **Personally Identifiable Information:** We will not rent or sell your Personally Identifiable Information to third parties outside Distractify and its controlled subsidiaries and affiliates without your consent, except as noted below:
  * **Who we may share your Personally Identifiable Information with:** We respect your privacy and encourage sharing of Personally Identifiable Information on an opt-in, case-by-case basis. We may offer sponsored content or prompts on behalf of clearly identified third parties ("Sponsors"). If you elect (opt-in) to provide your information in response to content or a prompt, then we may share or sell your Personally Identifiable Information, either alone or together with Services usage and analytics information, with the Sponsor identified and/or any intermediary acting on behalf of that Sponsor. Opting-in for one Sponsor does not mean we’ll share your information with other Sponsors. We may also share your Personally Identifiable Information with third-party providers for the purpose of providing the Services to you (i.e. email providers, server providers, etc.).
  * **Who you may choose to share your User Content with:** If you elect to post something in a public area of our Services (for example, by recommending, sharing, or liking a post), any Personally Identifiable Information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to the Services, becomes available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy settings. If you remove information that you posted to the Services, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of the Services, or if other Users have copied or saved that information.
  * **What happens in the event of a change of control:** We may buy or sell/divest the company, or any combination of its products, services, assets and/or businesses. Personally Identifiable Information such as customer names and email addresses, User Content and other User information related to the Services will likely be among the items transferred in these types of transactions. We may also transfer or assign such information in the course of corporate divestitures, mergers, acquisitions, bankruptcies, dissolutions or similar transactions or proceedings, provided that the recipient of such information will continue to be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy.
  * **Instances where we are required to share your Personally Identifiable Information:** Distractify will disclose Personally Identifiable Information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we reasonably believe that such action is necessary to (a) comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement; (b) to enforce our Terms of Service at <http://www.distractify.com/terms> or to protect the security or integrity of our Services; and/or (c) to exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Distractify, our Users or others.
  * **Non-Personally Identifiable Information:** We may share Non-Personally Identifiable Information, including information obtained through tools such as cookies, log files, device identifiers, location data and clear gifs (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.): (i) in any manner permitted for Personally Identifiable Information; and (ii) with our third-party business partners for the purposes described in the section above on “How We Collect and Use Information.” We may also aggregate or otherwise strip data of all personally identifying characteristics and may share that aggregated, anonymized data with third parties.
  * **Ads on Distractify:** We may also share Non-Personally Identifiable Information with our business partners to deliver online advertisements (“ads”) that may be of interest to you. Distractify may allow third-party ad servers or ad networks to serve advertisements on the Services. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser or mobile device, the ads and ad links that appear on the Services, and will automatically receive your IP address when they do so. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, web beacons, JavaScript, device identifiers, location data, and clear gifs, see above) to compile information about your browser’s or device’s visits and usage patterns on the Services (without using any Personally Identifiable Information), and to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to personalize the advertising content. Distractify does not have access to or control over cookies, web beacons or other technologies that third parties may use. Distractify does not sell, rent, or share your Personally Identifiable Information with these third-party ad servers or ad networks for such parties’ own marketing purposes, unless you choose in advance to have your information shared for this purpose. However, please note that if an advertiser asks Distractify to show an ad to a certain audience and you respond to such an ad, the advertiser or ad server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. Distractify’s Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, third-party advertisers. Please consult the respective privacy policies of such advertisers or contact such advertisers for more information. Some of these advertising companies may be members of the Network Advertising Initiative (“NAI”), a cooperative of online marketing companies that offers a centralized tool for opting out of behavioral advertising delivered by each of its member companies. If you would like to obtain more information about the NAI and make choices about their use of your information, please CLICK HERE.
  * We may use Remarketing with Google Analytics to advertise online. In connection with this advertising, we, along with third-party business partners, use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) to allow our third-party business partners, including Google, ad servers, and ad networks, to serve you advertisements (“ads”) based on your prior visits to our Services. These ads are delivered to you on third-party websites and services across the Internet. These third-party business partners use technology to send, directly to your browser or mobile device, the ads and ad links that appear on third-party sites, and will automatically receive your IP address when they do so. Along with cookies, they may also use other technologies (such as JavaScript, device identifiers, location data, and clear gifs, see above) to compile information about your browser’s or device’s visits and usage patterns on the Services, and to measure the effectiveness of their ads and to optimize and personalize the advertising content. Distractify does not sell, rent, or share the information we collect directly from you or about you from third parties with these third-party business partners for such parties’ own marketing purposes. You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page found at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/. Google has additional information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines, Policies, and Restrictions.



IF YOU ARE NOT INTERESTED IN RECEIVING PERSONALIZED ADS ON THE SERVICES, THEN SEE THE “YOUR CHOICES ABOUT YOUR INFORMATION” SECTION BELOW FOR INFORMATION ON HOW TO ADJUST YOUR PRIVACY SETTINGS.

III. How We Store and Protect Your Information

  * **Storage and Processing:** Personally Identifiable information collected through the Services may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Distractify or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities. Distractify may transfer information that we collect about you, including personal information, to affiliated entities, or to other third parties across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. If you are located in the European Union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from U.S. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the U.S. or any other country in which Distractify or its subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you, including Personally Identifiable Information, as described in this Privacy Policy.
  * **Keeping your information safe:** Distractify cares about the security of your information, and uses commercially reasonable safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of all information collected through the Services. However, Distractify cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to Distractify or guarantee that information on the Services may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed. Your privacy settings may also be affected by changes to the functionality of Distractify’s distributors, such as social networks. Distractify is not responsible for the functionality or security measures of any third party.
  * **Compromise of information:** In the event that any information under our control is compromised as a result of a breach of security, Distractify will take reasonable steps to investigate the situation and where appropriate, notify those individuals whose information may have been compromised and take other steps, in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations.



IV. Your Choices About Your Information

  * **Opting out of collection of Personally Identifiable Information:** You may decline to submit any Personally Identifiable Information through the Services, in which case Distractify may not be able to provide certain services to you.
  * **Opting out of collection of Non-Personally Identifiable Information:** Please refer to your mobile device or browser’s technical information for instructions on how to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools. Note that disabling cookies on your mobile device or browser prevent Distractify or its business partners from tracking your browser’s activities in relation to the Services, and for use in targeted online advertising. However, doing so may disable many of the features available through the Services.



V. Children’s Privacy

Distractify does not knowingly collect or solicit Personally Identifiable Information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register as Users. The Services and its content are not directed at children under the age of 13. **IF YOU ARE UNDER 13** , please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at support@distractify.com.

VI. California Privacy Rights

Users who are California residents may request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, certain information about the Personally Identifiable Information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personally identifiable information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to support@distractify.com.

VII. Other Web Sites and Services

We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites or services linked to or from the Services, including the information or content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to go from the Services to another website, our Privacy Policy does not apply to third-party websites or services. Your browsing and interaction on any third-party website or service, including those that have a link on our website, are subject to that third party’s own rules and policies. In addition, you agree that we are not responsible and we do not control over any third-parties that you authorize to access your User Content. If you are using a third-party website or service (like Facebook) and you allow such a third-party access to you User Content you do so at your own risk. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other sources other than through the Services.

VIII. Third-party Advertisers, Links to Other Sites

Distractify may allow other companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements on the Sites. These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to send, directly to your browser, the advertisements and links that appear on the Sites. They automatically receive your IP address when this happens. They may also use other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and to personalize the advertising content you see.

Distractify does not provide any personally identifiable information to these third-party ad servers or ad networks without your consent or except as part of a specific program or feature for which you will have the ability to opt-in or opt-out. However, please note that if an advertiser asks Distractify to show an advertisement to a certain audience (for example, men ages 18-34) or audience segment (for example, men ages 18-24 who have viewed certain content) and you respond to that advertisement, the advertiser or ad-server may conclude that you fit the description of the audience they are trying to reach. The advertiser may also use information regarding your use of the Sites, such as the number of times you viewed an ad (but not any personally identifiable information), to determine which ads to deliver to you.

You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers or ad networks for more information on their practices and for instructions on how to opt-out of certain practices. Distractify's Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.

IX. Do Not Track

We do not track or respond to browser “Do Not Track” Requests.

X. How to Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the Services, please contact us at support@distractify.com.

XI. Changes to Our Privacy Policy

Distractify may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this Privacy Policy from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically. When we change the policy in a material manner we will update the ’last modified’ date at the top of this page.
