> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the stlcc.edu privacy policy that was archived on 2018-09-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180901035113id_/https%3A//stlcc.edu/college-policy-procedures/consumer-information/privacy-policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

## St. Louis Community College is committed to protecting your privacy.

Any information you voluntarily provide to us through a St. Louis Community College website, such as an email address, name or phone number, will never be sold or traded to other colleges, universities, non-profit organizations or businesses. 

### Information Gathered Automatically

Unless you take steps to browse the Internet anonymously, or [opt-out](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout), St. Louis Community College, like most institutions and organizations on the Internet, tracks web browsing patterns to inform understanding of how our sites are being used. Generic information is collected through the use of “cookies,” which are text files placed on your computer, to evaluate usage patterns so that we can improve both content and distribution. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however, doing so may prevent you from using the full functionality of all of our websites. The generic information we collect is based on an IP address, which is the location of a computer or network, and is not linked to your specific email address in any of the reports or other material compiled by St. Louis Community College. St. Louis Community College will not associate your IP address and web usage data with any other information held by St. Louis Community College that can specifically identify you unless required to do so by law. 

Some sections of St. Louis Community College-owned websites use Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. Google Analytics uses cookies to help us analyze how users use our sites. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website includes your IP address. This information will be transmitted to and stored by Google on its servers. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services relating to Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. 

Please visit the following pages for more information on Google Analytics [terms of use](https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=en) and Google’s [privacy practices](https://privacy.google.com/). 

### Information You Provide to Us

To communicate effectively with visitors to our websites, we may ask you for personally-identifiable information that can include, by way of illustration, name, email address or phone number. St. Louis Community College will never sell or trade personally-identifiable information you voluntarily provide to us such as name, email address or phone number, to other colleges, universities, nonprofit organizations or businesses unless one or more of the following conditions apply: 

  * We have your consent to share the information.
  * We are sharing such information in response to subpoenas, court orders or legal processes.



In certain instances, in order to provide information and services, or as required by law, St. Louis Community College may disseminate non-personally and personally-identifiable information you provide us to third parties and officials/departments within the College.  In these instances, the information provided to the third party or College entity shall be limited to the extent necessary to provide the user-requested information and/or services, or as required by applicable law enforcement agencies. 

### External Links

Some St. Louis Community College websites may contain links to external websites not owned by, or officially affiliated with, St. Louis Community College in any way. St. Louis Community College is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. 

### Your Personal Account

Any user that chooses to use St. Louis Community College’s websites is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of his or her account and password, if any, and for restricting access to his or her computer, and agrees to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under his or her account or password. The user agrees that any billing and registration information provided on the websites will be accurate and complete. 

### Security

St. Louis Community College implements security measures to promote the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of any information in its possession (or control). We utilize Transport Layer Security (TLS) encryption technology for instances where the College’s websites request or provide personal information of the user. The TLS technology’s purpose is to protect users’ information from being viewed by an outside third party. 

Some features on this website may enable credit card transactions in order for users to purchase a variety of goods and services.  Credit card transactions are completely voluntary. Additionally, the College subcontracts the processing on online transactions to PCI DSS certified vendors to further promote effective security. 

While the security of users’ personal information is of the utmost importance to St. Louis Community College, we cannot guarantee the security of any information the user chooses to disclose online. Any information the user chooses to disclose to St. Louis Community College is done at his/her own risk. 

### Changes to This Policy

When we make changes to this policy, the changes will be highlighted on the top of this page for one month before going into effect. The highlights will then remain on top of the page for three months to keep you informed of the change. 

### Contact Information

If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this website, you may contact:  
St. Louis Community College  
Marketing and Communications Department  
Telephone: 314.644.9264  
Email: [stlccpim@stlcc.edu](mailto:stlccpim@stlcc.edu)

### [Privacy of Student Records (FERPA)](https://web.archive.org/college-policy-procedures/consumer-information/privacy-of-student-records-ferpa.aspx)

The Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) affords eligible students certain rights with respect to their education records. An “eligible student” under FERPA is a student who is 18 years of age or older or who attends a postsecondary institution. 

Last updated: June 29, 2018
