> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the iversity.org privacy policy that was archived on 2018-03-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180323220618id_/https%3A//iversity.org/en/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - iversity

iversity Learning Solutions GmbH (“iversity”) takes the protection and security of your personal data extremely seriously and will only process, collect and use your personal data in accordance with the legal provisions relating to data protection in force in the Federal Republic of Germany.   


## 1\. Collection, processing and use of personal data

iversity collects, processes and uses personal data when you register to use the iversity platform (“inventory data”), when you use the iversity platform (“usage data”) and when you upload content and data onto the platform (“content data”).

### 1.1 Data during registration (Inventory data)

During the registration process, iversity collects, processes and uses the following data:

  * your first and last name;

  * an e-mail address at which you can be reached;

  * a password for the future access to the platform.




If you log onto the platform using your Facebook account (Facebook Connect), your Facebook profile and our offer will be linked and you have thereby consented to the collection, processing and use of the data contained in your public Facebook profile by iversity which may include your name, your profile picture, your country, your hometown, your e-mail address, your date of birth, your sex, the names of your friends, your Facebook ID, your “likes”, your profile pictures and cover photos as well as information relating to your networks. For further information on Facebook Connect and the privacy settings of Facebook, please see the [Data Use Policy](https://de-de.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy) and [Terms of Service](https://www.facebook.com/terms.php?locale=de_DE) of Facebook Inc. Your name is part of your profile and is therefore visible to other registered iversity users. However, your e-mail address and password are confidential and cannot be viewed by third parties.

### 1.2 Usage data

When using our platform, the following usage data will be collected:

#### 1.2.1 Logfiles

When you visit our website, your web browser submits access data which will be stored by iversity in automated logfiles (“server logs”). The following data will be submitted:

  * your computer’s IP address;

  * the date, time, amount of data transferred and the website from which you came to the iversity page (referrer),

  * information on the product and version of your browser (user agent), operating system and language settings.




#### 1.2.2 Cookies

When visiting our website, cookies (small text files) are stored by your web browser. The cookies will either be sent by a web server to your browser or generated by a script (e.g. JavaScript) on our website. On subsequent visits, your browser sends the information stored in the cookies back to our website unless the cookies have previously been deleted. 

  * iversity cookies: the iversity session cookie contains a unique session ID for authentication purposes as well as form data which may be necessary across multiple pages. The iversity selected-language cookie stores your currently selected language. The iversity cookie will be removed from the browser at the end of a session.

  * Web analytics cookies (see sec. 1.2.3)

  * Conversion cookies (see sec. 1.2.5)

  * Web application cookies (“Apps cookies”) (see sec. 1.2.6) Most browsers will automatically accept cookies. If you do not wish this to happen, you can prevent your browser from storing of cookies. However, without certain cookies, in particular the iversity session cookie, you will be unable or only partially able to use the services offered on the platform. 




#### 1.2.3 Web analytics

iversity uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google Inc. of 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043 (“Google”). Google Analytics will evaluate the usage of our websites in order to compile reports on all user activities and to allow Google to provide other web analytics services for iversity. The data collected by Google will be stored in cookies on your browser and will in general be transmitted and stored on a Google server in the United States. In case of activation of an IP-anonymisation in the iversity Google Analytics configuration, your IP address will however first be reduced within the member states of the European Union or in other member states to the Treaty on the European Economic Community and then only the reduced IP address will be transmitted to Google servers in the United States. The IP address transmitted from your browser during the course of Google Analytics will not be associated with any other data held by Google. You can prevent the storage of Google Analytics cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser . You can prevent the collection by Google of data generated by your use (incl. your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading and installing a [browser plug-in](http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de). For further information on Google Analytics and the privacy settings, please see the [Privacy Policy](http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/privacyoverview.html) and [Terms of Service](http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html) of Google Inc.

#### 1.2.4 Social Media Plug-Ins

If our website contains a social media plugin, your browser connects directly to the servers of the social media provider. The contents of the plugin originate from the social network provider without us being able to affect the content of the plugin. Using the usage data transmitted to its servers, the social media provider may understand which of our websites you have visited and associate this information to your user account, if you are registered onto a social media provider. It may also monitor whether you have visited a page of the social media provider or other pages with the provider’s social media plugins. When you actively use social media provider’s plugins (e.g. using the Like button), the relevant information will be transmitted from your browser directly to the social media provider without us having any influence in this. You can find out more about the exact information, the form it takes and the extent of the data which is collected, processed and used by social media providers using plugins by reading the privacy policies of

  * Facebook Inc. at [www.facebook.com/policy.php ](http://www.facebook.com/policy.php)

  * the short message service Twitter Inc. at <http://twitter.com/privacy>

  * the Google Plus network at: <http://www.google.com/intl/de/+/policy/+1button.html>




There you will also find the the settings you can use to protect your privacy. 

#### 1.2.5 Conversion Tracking Tools

iversity uses Conversion Tracking Tools made by

  * Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, California, 94043 USA, (Google AdWords Conversion Tracking)

  * Facebook Inc., 1602 S. California Ave, Palo Alto VA 94304, USA ([Facebook Conversion Tracking](https://de-de.facebook.com/business/help/435189689870514))




By using the conversion tracking tools we are able to track the effect of our marketing measures. You can find out more about the exact information, the form it takes and the extent of the data which is collected, processed and used by conversion tracking tools by reading the privacy policies of [Google AdWords Conversion Tracking](https://support.google.com/adwords/answer/1722022?hl=de) and [Facebook Conversion Tracking](https://de-de.facebook.com/business/a/online-sales/conversion-tracking). There you will also find the the settings you can use to protect your privacy.

#### 1.2.6 Web application (apps)

iversity incorporates web applications (apps) from third-party suppliers into its website which may use cookies. Further information on the type of data collection, processing and use carried out by these third-party suppliers can be found in their respective data protection policies.

### 1.3 Data from uploading content (content data)

Content data is all of your profile or course-related data which you freely upload to our platform such as your photo, career information, the tertiary institutions you have attended, your contact details or your texts and published works as well as your news, comments, materials etc. By uploading you consent to the collection, processing and use of the data by iversity including for the purposes of assessing your learning progress by means of examinations. 

## 2\. Purposes of the data collection, processing and usage

### 2.1 Inventory data

iversity requires and uses your inventory data solely to adhere to its existing contractual relationship with you, to manage your user account, for billing purposes and to contact you. iversity uses your e-mail address in order to contact you with regard to your user account and to send you the editorial newsletter containing news about modifications and upgradings of iversity’s services and/or platform notifications, provided that you agreed beforehand to receive such a newsletter. You can unsubscribe from this newsletter at any time either by sending an e-mail to [newsletter@iversity.org](mailto:newsletter@iversity.org), by clicking on the appropriate link provided at the bottom of each newsletter or by deactivating the newsletter receipt in your account settings. After termination of the user contract, iversity deletes your inventory data as long as iversity is not obliged to comply with retention periods prescribed by law.

### 2.2 Usage data

iversity uses the usage data for the needs-based and user-oriented structuring, expansion and optimisation of the platform and for investigating security incidents. iversity anonymises usage data providing it is no longer required in relation to cases of a definite legal infringement, breach of contract or security incident.

### 2.3 Content data

iversity passes on your content data to other platform users or platforms unless you restrict the group of other users when uploading or at a later time. iversity passes on your course selection and your examination results to instructors and cloud teaching assistants and uses these examination results to award certificates for the participation in or finalisation of courses. The profile you set up may be found by Internet search engines. Under no circumstances will your e-mail address be visible to the open Internet public or to other registered users. iversity reserves the right to match content on the platform which has been published by users and released to other users with the published and released content of other users. This is to enable the networking of content and people on the platform and to facilitate user searches for relevant courses, individuals, events and contributions on the platform. After terminating your user contract, the content you uploaded to the platform will be anonymised or pseudonymised.

## 3\. Transmission of inventory, usage and content data to third parties

iversity does not transmit your inventory, usage and content data to third parties outside of the platform. Exceptions apply: 

  * when and where it is necessary to enforce existing contractual relationships or any claims that iversity is entitled to,

  * if iversity is legally obliged or committed in accordance with a court ruling or

  * when it comes to requests from governmental institutions, particularly law-enforcement and regulatory authorities, if and only to the extent necessary to prevent threats to public safety and to prosecute crimes.




iversity is also committed to the scientific exchange. Accordingly enables selected academic institutions to evaluate public content and anonymised user data of the platform. iversity transmits data (inventory and content data) released by you to companies for recruitment purposes. Service partners of iversity require your personal data in order to properly carry out contractual relationships and they will process this data solely on our behalf in the context of data processing which is legally expressly provided by § 11 BDSG (German Federal Data Protection Act).

## 4\. Information, correction, erasure, blocking

For questions on the collection, processing, storage or usage of your personal data, for information, blocking, correction or erasure of personal data and to revoke provided privacy-related consents which have been released, please contact us at: [datenschutz@iversity.org](mailto:datenschutz@iversity.org)

## 5\. Change of privacy policy
