> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sknnr.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-05-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100509162738id_/http%3A//sknnr.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy - sknnr.com

This privacy policy covers how we treat personal information that we collect and receive. We do not intend to collect any personal information from children under 13 unless we believe such collection to be permitted by law. Please see below for our policy with respect to children under 13\. 

**General**  
We gather user information to provide you with a customized experience on our site. Your user information helps us tailor the content, services, goods and advertising to your current and future needs. For this reason, we may ask you to register or to provide personal information when you post comments, subscribe to a newsletter and/or visit certain areas of our site. If you choose not to register you may not receive bulletins, e-mail, or other notifications that require personal identification. 

If you register with our site, from time to time we may e-mail you with messages about our services or third party products and services we believe may be of interest to you, such as new products, features, services, special offers and updated information. The newsletters may contain code that enables our database to track your usage of the newsletters, including whether the e-mail was opened and/or what links (if any) were clicked. We will combine that information with other information we have about you and may use that information to improve your site experience and/or provide customized e-mail communications to you. In addition, if you register with our site you may automatically receive e-mails confirming your registration and providing you with necessary information relating to the access or use of your registration. With the exception of the e-mails described in the preceding sentence which are necessary to provide customer support and deliver products and services to you, you may opt-out of receiving e-mail from us as described below. 

**Use of Information**  
When you register, we may ask for your name and e-mail address. Based on this information, you may receive e-mail notifications from sknnr.com for the purpose of providing important updates and other information.

All communication on the Internet takes place between pairs of IP Addresses. Our Web servers will log the IP address that any connection is made from. We may use these IP addresses to help diagnose technical problems or prevent abuse of our systems or other site users. Your IP address may also be used to gather aggregate demographic data and target advertisements accordingly. 

sknnr.com does not make use of cookies for any purpose.

We use companies [Google (Google.com), AdBrite (AdBrite.com), ValueClick (ValueClick.com)] to serve the advertisements on some of our pages. These companies and advertisers may place and access their cookies on your computer. Other companies' use of their cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours. We may use your information or allow advertisers or companies that serve advertisements access to your information to determine which advertisements you will see. This information may include your demographic information, geographic location, what content you access on our site, how you rate various content, language contained in your comments and other information. 

Our site contains links, including banner and other ads, to other Websites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Websites. Our site may also link to Websites that feature our trademarks and names along with trademarks and names of other companies. You should look at the privacy policy on that co-branded Website, as the co-branded Website may not be under our control.

Applications you use or download from our site may contain third party digital rights management systems (“DRMS? which may allow for communication between your software and the third party and utilize security features (e.g., preventing distribution of or access to the applications in the event of unauthorized use). These DRMS are subject to their own license agreements and you agree that we shall not be responsible for any loss or damage of any sort relating to the use of the DRMS or your dealings with such third parties. The applications may also contain DRMS produced by us which allow for communication between the applications you use or download and our systems and which collect information describing your computer system in order to prevent illegal or unauthorized use of the applications. 

For reasons such as improving member experience and providing customized communications to our users, we may receive information about you from third party sources and our web logs and add it to the information that we have received from you. Web logs automatically record anything a web server sees, which may include e-mail addresses you enter into a form or pages viewed by a user at a particular IP address. 

**Information Sharing**  
We will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties, aside from entities that perform services for us, such as fulfilling orders or processing payment, that either are bound to comply with our privacy policy or have privacy policies that protect your information unless you have “opted-in" to such sharing. If you have previously opted-in to such sharing under a prior privacy policy version, you are still considered to have opted-in under this privacy policy. As stated, and whether or not you have opted-in, we may use third parties to accept and process orders for merchandise and products, including software, and such third parties may get access to your personal information for the purposes of providing services or products to you on our behalf. In addition, if you opt-out, we may share that information with third parties who send e-mails on our behalf so that they do not e-mail you. 

[](https://web.archive.org/privacy2.php)
