> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the mothernature.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-09-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150904021246id_/http%3A//www.mothernature.com/privacy_security.cfm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Mother Nature - Your Eco-Friendly, Healthy-Living Headquarters - Privacy & Security

This Privacy Statement for MotherNature.com ("Privacy Statement") details the company's policies with respect to the handling of personally identifiable information ("Information") submitted by the reader of this Privacy Policy ("You") or otherwise collected by MotherNature.com via the company's website or in the course of providing services to MotherNature.com's customers. MotherNature.com will use and disclose Information only in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Statement.

## A. COLLECTION OF INFORMATION

The type of Information submitted to or collected by MotherNature.com varies depending upon the nature of the activity and relationship with MotherNature.com.

  1. _Browsing the Website_ : When You browse the company's website, MotherNature.com may collect information regarding the domain and host from which You access the Internet, the Internet Protocol address of the computer or Internet Service Provider You are using, and anonymous site statistical data. This information is collected for the purpose of assessing the effectiveness of the company's website and for security reasons.
  2. _Inquiries_ : The website contains various forms, links to company e-mail addresses, and fax numbers that You may use to solicit information about the website, MotherNature.com services, and the company in general. When You complete and submit a form, send us an e-mail, send us a fax, or contact us by telephone, MotherNature.com may store the inquiries and their contents, including any personally identifiable information You may have provided. Any personally identifiable information You submit via an inquiry is collected only with Your knowledge and active participation.
  3. _Use of Services_ : When You register to use MotherNature.com ("Services"), You will be required to provide personally identifiable information and to enter into a written agreement with MotherNature.com. If You ordered any products or services from businesses that use our Services ("MotherNature.com Customers"), You were required to submit personally identifiable information ("Order Information"). MotherNature.com Customers transmit Order Information to MotherNature.com for the purpose of processing Orders. Order Information is maintained in servers located within the U.S.A. and may also be maintained in servers located in Europe or Asia, depending on where the order originates or the geographic location of a MotherNature.com Customer. MotherNature.com may maintain Order Information for a certain period of time to comply with audits, legal requirements, or for disaster recovery purposes.
  4. _Applying for a MotherNature.com Account_ : When You submit an application to obtain a MotherNature.com account, You will be required to provide personally identifiable information. Furthermore, MotherNature.com may also obtain information about You from third party sources, including, without limitation, consumer reporting agencies.
  5. _Notice for European Users_ : The Data Protection Act puts obligations on users of personal information and sets forth principles for its use. One principle states that information must be processed fairly and lawfully. This means that You are entitled to know how we intend to use any information You provide. You can then decide whether You want to give personal information to us. The Data Protection Act does not generally apply to data about limited companies or partnerships, but it does cover personal data relating to sole traders and partnerships. When we receive an application from a business, we may perform a search with a credit reference agency and fraud prevention agency on the individual company directors or partners. Order Information provided by You to MotherNature.com Customers and any Information that You provide to MotherNature.com directly will be transferred outside of the European Union to the United States. By providing personal information to MotherNature.com , You are consenting to the transfer of such information outside of the EU and to its storage and use as described herein.



## B. USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION

Usage and disclosure of Your Information varies based on Your relationship with MotherNature.com. MotherNature.com never sells any personally identifiable information and, except as expressly set forth below, never discloses personally identifiable information to any third parties.

  1. _Browsing the Website_ : Information collected while You're browsing our website may be used to analyze trends, administer the website, improve site performance, gather broad demographic information, and for security purposes. Such Information may be disclosed to third parties to provide any of the aforementioned activities on behalf of MotherNature.com.
  2. _Inquiries_ : If you submit an inquiry via online form, e-mail, fax, or telephone call, the information collected may be used by MotherNature.com to respond to Your inquiry or to contact You to inform You of MotherNature.com services. Information collected during the course of an inquiry will not be disclosed to any third party unless such third party has been contracted by MotherNature.com, with obligations of confidentiality, to contact You on our behalf.
  3. _Use of MotherNature.com Services_ : If You are a MotherNature.com Customer, MotherNature.com will use Your Information during the course of providing You with the Services. During the course of providing such services, MotherNature.com may disclose Your Information to third parties that have contracted with MotherNature.com to perform certain functions of the Services on our behalf ("Subcontractors"). MotherNature.com may also use Your Information to contact You about other MotherNature.com offerings and to inform You about general company news and industry trends, directly or through the use of third party vendors. MotherNature.com may also use Your Information for internal business analyses. If You are a customer of a MotherNature.com Customer, MotherNature.com will use Order Information during the course of providing processing services to such MotherNature.com Customer. MotherNature.com may also use Order Information at an aggregate level for internal business analyses and fraud prevention. During the course of providing Services to MotherNature.com Customers, MotherNature.com may disclose Order Information to banks, processors, card associations, and other financial institutions that are involved in the course of processing or screening the transaction applicable to the Order Information.
  4. _Applying for a MotherNature.com Account_ : If You apply for an account from MotherNature.com, MotherNature.com may use and disclose the Information to evaluate Your eligibility for a fraud prevention account, including disclosure to consumer reporting agencies, relevant financial institutions, and other entities involved in providing the fraud prevention account services. MotherNature.com may also use and disclose Your Information during the course of providing or procuring on Your behalf the fraud prevention account services. MotherNature.com may also use Your Information to contact You, directly or through a third party vendor, about other MotherNature.com offerings and to inform You about general company news and industry trends. MotherNature.com may also use Your Information for internal business analyses.
  5. _Surveys and Questionnaires_ : If You submitted an inquiry to MotherNature.com or if You are a MotherNature.com Customer, periodically, MotherNature.com may use Your Information to contact You, directly or through a third party vendor, to complete a survey or questionnaire. Responses to any such survey or questionnaire may be used for internal business analyses and may be disclosed in aggregate form without disclosing Your personally identifiable information.
  6. _Use of Cookies_ : Forms on our website may use cookies. Cookies are small files of data that reside on Your computer and allow MotherNature.com to recognize You as a MotherNature.com Customer or a previous visitor of our website. MotherNature.com may use cookies to populate frequently used forms or to provide You with other customized viewing options for Your convenience. MotherNature.com uses cookies solely to maintain personalized services throughout the website.
  7. _Confidentiality Obligations_ : All contracts entered into between MotherNature.com and MotherNature.com Customers, MotherNature.com and Subcontractors, and MotherNature.com and other third party service providers contain express provisions governing the confidential treatment of any and all personally identifiable information.
  8. _Investigations and Proceedings_ : MotherNature.com may use Information to conduct internal investigations. MotherNature.com may disclose Information to cooperate with an investigation by law enforcement agencies or other governmental authorities and may also disclose Information in response to a subpoena, warrant, court order, or other comparable legal processes.



## C. INFORMATION SECURITY

MotherNature.com is committed to privacy and security. Examples of MotherNature.com's security measures include: physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards; sophisticated security monitoring tools; documented security policies; use of strong encryption for transmissions of Order Information to and from MotherNature.com Customers; restricting access to personally identifiable information; and, periodic security audits by third party security experts.

## D. CORRECTION OF INFORMATION

If You want MotherNature.com to correct Your Information that is stored on MotherNature.com systems, please submit Your request in writing to:

MotherNature.com  
Attn: Legal Department  
322 7th avenue  
New York, NY 10001 

Subject to our ability to verify your request, MotherNature.com will correct the Information within thirty (30) days of receipt of Your request.

  

