> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the motherandbaby.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2005-03-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050308014947id_/http%3A//www.motherandbaby.co.uk/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

The purpose of this Privacy Policy is to explain to You how any personal information You may provide to Us about You and Your family is used and who it may be disclosed to. Please read and ensure that You have understood the terms of this Privacy Policy carefully.

**1\. Who has access to your data?**  
1.1 The personal data (including sensitive personal data) that You provide to Us about You and Your family ("Personal Data") on registration for the Child Safe Zones service ("Service") is collected and processed by Us and/or Our agents. We have a data protection notification reference number [Z8557476]. You can view this notification at the following site [http://www.dataprotection.gov.uk](http://www.dataprotection.gov.uk/).

1.2 We will not disclose any Personal Data except where You have consented to us doing so in conjunction with the Service, or where required by law except in exceptional circumstances where Personal Data may be transferred on sale of Us to another company.

1.3 Personal Data is only disclosed to others in conjunction with the Service where a Service operator is contacted, regarding a missing child You have registered and Your Family ID and relevant security clearance responses given, or such child is found and We need to contact You. In these circumstances, You consent to Our disclosure of any Personal Data (including relevant sensitive Personal Data and photographs) to personnel within the Service venue (including shopping centre security staff, management and other personnel) or the police, health workers or other authorities where relevant in such circumstances. Medical data will only be disclosed where it has been registered against Your Family ID and in the circumstances set out in 1.3. Your registration of such Personal Data constitutes explicit consent for such use and disclosures.

1.4 Personal Data may be disclosed to any family member who has been registered against Your Family ID or to any other person who is able to provide a Service Operator with the Family ID and correct responses to the security clearance questions posed.

1.5 As a parent or guardian of a child registered by You, You consent on their behalf to the use and disclosure of their Personal Data as set out in this Privacy Policy.

**2\. What is it used for?**  
2.1 Personal Data (including sensitive Personal Data) is only used for processing Your Registration and providing You with the Service and/or other services that You may request from Us from time to time. operation of the Service as outlined in our Terms and Conditions and section 1 above.

2.2 From time to time We run voluntary online surveys which may ask You for contact and demographic details (i.e. age, income level etc). We use this information to create anonymous usage and interest profiles.

2.3 Child Safe Zones is a service run and owned by Community Alerts Ltd Group which is in the process of expanding the Service to incorporate new categories of alerts and related services providing information about issues which may effect your family, property and/or community. We may use Your Contact Details to send You information regarding any such developments that We believe may be of interest to You. Where We are providing a new alerts service in conjunction with a third party, such messages may be sent on behalf of Us both. We will only send You such material where You have consented to this. You can opt-out of receiving it at any time by: 

2.3.1 Sending an e-mail to [info@communityalerts.co.uk](mailto:info@communityalerts.co.uk) or calling 08700 62 62 62

2.3.2 responding to the unsubscribe mechanism provided in any commercial communications which may be sent to You.

**3\. What about Cookies?**  
3.1 A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on Your computer's hard drive by Your web browser. It acts as an anonymous identifier when You visit the Website and does not contain information from which You can personally be identified. We use this information only for the purpose of creating anonymous usage and interest profiles for the purpose of improving and developing the Website and the services that We offer. Cookies may also be contained in advertisements which may be displayed on the Website by advertising partners that We work with. We do not have access to any information contained in or generated by these cookies.

3.2 Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but usually You can alter the settings of Your browser to prevent automatic acceptance. If You choose not to receive cookies, You may still use most of the features of Our Website, including the facilities to amend Your Registration.

**4\. Transfer of Data Abroad**  
4.1 We do not send any Personal Data outside of the European Economic Area except in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.

**5\. Data Security**  
5.1 We take the protection of Your privacy and Personal Data very seriously. We provide a secure server when You make Your Registration which encrypts the information that You input before it is processed further.

5.2 The Data Protection Act also requires that We follow strict security procedures in the storage and disclosure of Personal Data to prevent unauthorised access and We have procedures to ensure that this protection is secured for You in line with this legislation

**6\. Further Information and Amending Your Details**  
6.1 If You want or need to amend any of the information that You provided to Us on registration, then please send an email to the address set out in clause 6.2.

6.2 We welcome your questions and comments about privacy issues and the design of Our Website. Should You have any questions or issues You would like to raise with Us regarding Our data usage practices or the specific use of Your data, then please send an email to [info@communityalerts.co.uk](mailto:info@communityalerts.co.uk) or [info@childsafezones.co.uk](mailto:info@childsafezones)

**7\. Amendment to this Policy**  
7.1 We may make amendments to this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any amended Privacy Policy by posting a notice on the Website and by e-mail.
