> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the motime.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2009-10-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20091004075311id_/http%3A//www2.motime.ca/help/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Motime

MOTIME - PRIVACY POLICY & COMMUNITY CODE OF CONDUCT  
INTRO. This is the official privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) for the Service made available through our Website and is incorporated into and forms a part of our Terms of Use. Any terms not defined in this Privacy Policy are defined in our Terms of Use. When you use our Service, you are also agreeing to all of the provisions of this Privacy Policy that govern the Personal Information collected by our Service. This does not cover any other information, collected in any other manner, for any other purpose, nor on any other website or service. We remind you that the term “Service” includes, without limitation, our Website.  
“Personal Information” means and refers to any information that would allow someone to identify or contact you (e.g., first name/middle initial and last name, e-mail address, home address, wireless or mobile device number, IP address, telephone number, date of birth, gender). Personal Information also includes information about your personal preferences, survey responses and your transactions and interactions with us. If you use our Subscription Service, we may also collect and maintain your billing address, Subscription Service selections, your wireless carrier name, wireless device and account number, credit card or other payment account information and order numbers.

  You or others may Post Personal Information or include it in User Generated Content. You must understand and we require you to acknowledge and agree that we do not and cannot control what you or anyone else Posts or includes within User Generated Content and we are not liable if you Post, submit or make any information available (including allowing others to use your User ID or failing to protect the confidentiality of your User ID). As you can appreciate, these are your responsibilities not ours, but we caution that any Personal Information you Post or include in User Generated Content you should assume either is and will become publicly available. 

  Your privacy is important to us and it is important to explain and help you understand how we collect, use, disclose and maintain your Personal Information. We maintain reasonable physical, electronic and procedural safeguards to protect your Personal Information and while no data transmission that is wireless, mobile or over the Internet is completely secure, we use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure the protection of your Personal Information. 

  Our Privacy Policy is intended to explain our privacy practices and inform you as to:  
·    The kinds of Personal Information we collect from users and how it is collected;  
·    How we use Personal Information;  
·    The circumstances under which we disclose Personal Information to third parties;  
·    How you can access, update or delete Personal Information we collect about you; and  
·    The mechanisms we have implemented to protect your Personal Information.  
Our Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy is subject to the laws, regulations, and treaties of Canada and we make no representation our Service are operated in accordance with any other laws or regulations. If you live outside of Canada and you use or attempt to use our Service contrary to our Terms of Use that state that only Canadian residents are eligible, you do so at your own risk.

  When you sign up, enroll, become a Registered User, Subscriber, use our Service, including our Non-Subscription Service, enter or participate in promotions or input information, you will generally be required to give us your wireless device number and for most of our full featured Service, the associated wireless carrier account information and certain other information, much of which is Personal Information. When you do or attempt to do any of these things, you understand, acknowledge and agree you are giving us your consent to track your use of our Service, your activities, exchanges of information and transactions in connection with our Service and you are giving us the right to use your Personal Information in connection with the Service. If, during the course of using or signing up for any of our Service, your use or enrolment also includes your consent to receive messages, we will always disclose this to you and give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving or continuing to receive these messages. You agree that we always have the right to send you messages in connection with your registration, subscription, any account you have with us and use of the Service.

  We can change this Privacy Policy any time and from time to time by notifying you, either by posting an updated version on our Website or by sending you a message telling you we have made a change and when the changes become effective. Your continued use of our Service means that you agree with our updated Privacy Policy.  It is your responsibility to check this Privacy Policy often because any changes we make and our notice to you will be considered effective, even if you choose not to check our Website for changes or read message we send you.

  Personal Information we obtain from you or that you provide to us may be transferred, stored, maintained, processed and used both within and outside of Canada on servers, communication and data processing facilities that we maintain or are maintained for us (we refer to these individually and collectively as “servers”). For example, we currently have arrangements to use servers under the control of our affiliate company, DADA S.p.A., in Italy. These servers are presently located with Inet S.p.A., Via Darwin 55, Milan, Italy. So long as we continue to use these servers to process, store or transmit your Personal Information, we also ensure compliance with applicable Italian privacy law (D. Lgs 196/2003) in addition to our obligations under Canadian law.  Any Personal Information stored, maintained, processed or used in jurisdictions outside of Canada may be subject to disclosure to governing authorities in such jurisdictions pursuant to the laws of such jurisdictions.  In certain cases, the laws of such jurisdictions may prohibit our providing notice of such disclosure to you. 

By using our Service and providing us with your Personal Information, you consent to the transfer of your Personal Information to and from servers located in jurisdictions outside of Canada and waive any claims that may arise under Canadian law or any other local or national laws, rules or regulations or international treaties. You agree that we may from time to time, transfer or merge your Personal Information collected off-line to our online databases or store off-line information in an electronic format. You also agree that we may combine Personal Information we collect online with information available from other sources, including information received from our advertisers and promotional partners. This Privacy Policy applies to your Personal Information even if you terminate or discontinue your use of our Service.

  Use of Information. By using the Service, you agree that we may use your Personal Information to tailor your experience on our Service, serve advertising we think may be relevant, understand your preferences, and provide you with offers we think may be of interest. It is your responsibility to give us current, complete, truthful and accurate information and to keep the Personal Information you provide us up to date. We reserve the right to revoke and/or terminate your right to use all or any portion of our Service and/or reject and delete any entry you make, if we have reason to believe information you provide to us is or may be false, fraudulent or inconsistent with this Privacy Policy or in violation of the Terms of Use. We are not liable in any way or responsible for damage that may arise if you do not give us accurate, truthful or complete information or you fail to update the information you give us.  Unless we obtain your consent, we will not use your Personal Information for any purpose other than as listed above. 

  Promotions and Advertising. We may make advertisements, promotions and offers from other third parties available on or in connection with our Service. You acknowledge and agree that if you respond, take advantage of, accept or register for any offer, engage in any transactions or activities, enter or provide information or you redirect your browser, not only are you deemed to have opted into sharing that information (including Personal Information) with those third parties, you are also acknowledging and agreeing that their privacy policies and terms and conditions (not ours) apply to your relationship with them. We have no control over and no liability or responsibility for these third parties.

  Opt Out Procedures. We may post notices, offers, advertising and promotional material on our Service and your agree that we may use your Personal Information to contact you by e-mail or text message or otherwise to promote our Service or to send you offers we believe may be of interest. You may chose to opt out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails, text or other electronic messages from us by either (i) sending an SMS to our short number, [63232] (or other number we designate on our Website), (ii) calling our customer service representatives at 877-323-2226 or (iii) sending us an e-mail to help@motime.ca.  If you are using SMS, you must unsubscribe separately to each active text alert or other Service you are enrolled in by using our Service keywords (you can find these on our Website) which must be a combination of ONLY (i) the Service name keyword and (ii) the word “OFF.” You agree that we may always contact you via e-mail or SMS for administrative or informational purposes, including follow-up messages regarding the administration of your subscription, any promotions you have entered or participated in, offers you have accepted or Service you have enrolled in or ordered or any of your transactions related to our Service.

  Cookies and Technology. We use computerized tracking technology (we will refer to these generally as “cookies”), often from third parties, to collect data regarding your visits and use of our Service. This data is stored in aggregate form and is not used to identify a particular user or individual. We use cookies in a variety of ways: (a) to save your User ID, wireless device number and other information so you don’t have to re-enter it each time you use our Service; (b) to keep count of return visits to our Service and to advertisers’ or partners’ websites; (c) to accumulate and report aggregate statistical information in connection with our Service; and (d) to help us determine which Service you like best. Although we use aggregate tracking data to help us operate, manage, enhance, and improve our Service and display advertising and marketing information, Personal Information is not extracted in this process. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent and you can choose to turn off all cookie mechanisms through settings in your browser, however, if you turn cookies off you may not have access to many features and functions of our Service that make your experience more efficient and enjoyable and some of our Service may not work properly or at all. When you use our Service, you understand you will be involved in communication that goes through computer networks and communication facilities, portions of which are or may in the future be located in a number of jurisdictions around the world. You also understand that use of our Service, as well as the nature of digital communication and services, may result in transmission of interprovincial and international communications no matter where you, any device, item of computer equipment, communications or network resources may be physically located. No communication over the Internet or wireless communication can be perfectly secure – there is always a risk.

  Disclosure of Personal Information. You agree that we may share your Personal Information with any of our parent, subsidiaries and affiliated companies, as well as with our operational service providers that assist in providing our Service. We will not share Personal Information we obtain in connection with our Service with any non-affiliated parties unless you opt in or consent (which you may be doing when you sign up, enroll or participate in any promotion, activity, co-branded Service, joint promotion, feature or function) and you always have the right to opt out at any time. If you do opt in or consent you will be deemed to have given your consent to us and the third party involved to collect, maintain, process, store and use your Personal Information for the purposes described in the opt in or consent.  For Personal Information provided directly to third parties through the Service, if you wish to opt out of that third party’s use of your Personal Information, you will need to contact them directly.

Some aggregate, non-personally identifiable data we collect in connection with our Service may be shared with our advertisers and other business partners, but we do not give any Personal Information to them unless permitted by this Privacy Policy or unless you have otherwise provided your consent. 

You agree that we may make your Personal Information available to non-affiliated third parties for security, legal or other purposes necessary to protect our interests or the interests of others, including times when:  
·    we are compelled by a governmental agency, court or other judicial or regulatory authority;  
·    we believe your actions violate a law or regulation, a term or condition of the Terms of Use or  if you threaten the rights, property or safety of us, any Motime Entity, any customers, users, or any other party;  
·    we believe, in our sole judgment and discretion, that disclosure is necessary or appropriate to investigate or resolve possible problems or inquiries, to protect our business and assets, to defend our interests or to comply with any legal and regulatory obligations; or  
·    we are involved in a merger, acquisition, transfer of control, joint venture or other business combination or in the event of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings.  
Security of Personal Information. We maintain commercially reasonable standards of security and confidentiality, however, for most websites, wireless and mobile communications, it is possible third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We conduct financial transactions via secured transmissions but may not always secure other parts of our Service in the same way. We also limit access to our Service by our own employees to individuals who are authorized and trained for the proper handling of such information. Any employee found violating our policies and standards of security and confidentiality will be subject to our disciplinary processes. We request our operational service providers follow the same policy. If an actual or suspected breach of information security that is subject to any Canadian law that applies to you or your Personal Information, we will notify you (and any required law enforcement and regulatory authorities) as and when required by law.

  Accessing and Changing Your Personal Information. Generally, you may access, review, correct, update and/or delete Personal Information collected by or through our Service, as well as user information you may have entered during registration, the subscription process or your participation in our Service. Certain Personal Information is subject to corporate, audit and regulatory recordkeeping requirements and will be retained for such period(s) as permitted by law. 

  We will not allow direct access to any Personal Information by any person without the Registered User’s or Subscriber’s User ID or appropriate identification.  Personal Information necessary to check eligibility, such as your date of birth or age or your wireless device numbers, may only be modified with sufficient verification. If you delete or attempt to delete such information, it may result in the suspension of any and all rights you may have to use our Service.

  We always reserve the right to deny, suspend, deactivate, terminate and cancel any registration, subscription, User ID and the use of or access to any or all of our Service, if we believe there is a question about the identity of the person trying to use our Service. If the burden or expense of providing access to your Personal Information is disproportionate to the risks to your privacy or if the legitimate rights of others would be violated, we may decide not to provide you access to your Personal Information. In such cases, we will provide you with an explanation of why access cannot be provided and a contact person for further inquiries.

  Our Community Code

  Privacy is very important to us, but along with respect for your Personal Information we also respect your desire to have an enjoyable experience with our Service. That means we expect our user community to conduct themselves in a way that allows all our users to take advantage of our great Service in a positive environment. In that spirit, we developed guidelines – ‘rules of the road’ – that you must observe when using our Service. You are solely responsible for what you do or fail to do – that also means you shouldn’t encourage or try to have someone else do what you are not allowed to do. We will still hold you accountable and you will be responsible as if you had done these things yourself. Remember, you and others like you are guests in our Service and you must play by the rules or we can and will ask you to leave. 

  Portions of our Service (for example, messaging, chat and certain features of our Subscription Service such as dating) may provide users with an opportunity to create a profile and Post. You should never provide Personal Information to someone you do not know. You should be aware that we cannot guarantee any World Wide Web facilities, communications over the Internet or over wireless or mobile networks are secure, and you should assume that any Personal Information you decide to share, whether by Posting or otherwise, may be seen and read (and possibly used) by others who you do not know and you do not intend to have it or use it. Please read our Privacy Policy carefully so you understand how we treat your Personal Information, but we don’t control others to whom you give or who may obtain your Personal Information. 

  Posting and User Generated Content. You acknowledge and agree that Postings from you, from your wireless device or your User ID are your responsibility and you, not us, are entirely responsible for the consequences. We don’t endorse Postings, nor do they reflect our views and we have no obligation to monitor, edit or screen Postings, although we reserve the right to do so. Even if we do, we have no obligation to continue to do so and we may do so randomly, continuously or not at all and in some, any, all or no portions of our Service. We have absolutely no liability for or in connection with any Post. If we determine or reasonably believe any Post violates your agreement with us, any law or regulation or we believe you your Posting is inappropriate, we reserve the right, without notice and without limiting any and all other rights we have, to (a) refuse to allow you to Post, (b) delete any Post, (c) revoke, suspend and/or terminate your use, registration, User ID, subscriptions and access to all or any part of our Service and/or (d) use any means available to us to enforce your compliance. While you should never Post Personal Information or allow it to be available to anyone you don’t know or are not sure about, our community requirements say you should never Post or engage in any activity that we, in our sole discretion, believe:  
·    is defamatory, inaccurate, abusive, obscene, profane, offensive, sexually oriented or explicit, threatening, harassing or illegal;  
·    is offensive to us or to the online community (e.g., if it promotes racism, violence, bigotry, sexism, harassment, hatred or harm of any kind);   
·    involves transmission of "junk mail", “SPAM”, "chain letters," unsolicited mass mailing, instant messaging, “spimming” or “spamming;”  
·    is false, deceptive, misleading or promotes illegal activities or conduct that is abusive, threatening, obscene, defamatory or libelous;   
·    promotes illegal or unauthorized copying of someone else’s work or circumvents copy-protection or rights management means and mechanisms;   
·    exploits or could be used to exploit children in a sexual, violent, illegal or otherwise prohibited or harmful manner or causes or encourages others to do so;   
·    provides instructional information about illegal activities (e.g., weapons, violating privacy, creating or transmitting computer viruses);   
·    involves any commercial purpose or activity, advertising or sales, even if no money is exchanged;   
·    solicits, induces or encourages others to provide Personal Information, passwords or any identifying information improperly, illegally, without authorization or under false pretenses, or causes or encourages others to do so, including from a child;   
·    contains any Personal Information or information or profile information that is not yours or which should not be shared publicly or without the owner’s or rights holder’s consent; or  
·    disparages, tarnishes or otherwise could adversely affect us or any of our Service.   
Interacting with Other Users. We do not screen, check backgrounds or verify information about our users. It’s up to you to take reasonable precautions in your interactions with others, particularly if you meet offline or in person or decide to share Personal Information. You understand we make no guarantees, express or implied, regarding your experiences or compatibility with users you meet through our Service. You should not provide or make available any Personal Information (or any other information you do not wish to be shared or made publicly available) using our Service. 

  In general, you may not engage in any activity that could or does:   
·    constitute criminal or tortious activity or otherwise violates the law or the rights of another, including, without limitation, child pornography, fraud, trafficking in obscene material, drug dealing, gambling, stalking or spamming;  
·    interfere with or disrupt our Service or anything connected with our Service, including any digital rights management, intellectual property, advertisements, promotions or security;   
·    copy, distribute, transmit, share, download, upload or transfer Content, User Generated Content or Personal Information of others in any way without permission or authorization;   
·    use any robot, spider, site search or retrieval application, macro, script or any manual or automated means to retrieve, index, "data mine", “scrape”, reproduce or circumvent navigational structure, the presentation, operation or intended use of our Service;  
·    Post, e-mail or transmit any software virus, malware, program or code, file or material designed to interrupt, disrupt, destroy or limit our Service or any features, functions or operations of our or anyone else’s equipment, programs, communication, resources or facilities;   
·    use meta tags, code or other means to direct any person or browser to another site, page, location or service;   
·    impersonate any person or entity or deceive or pretend to be anyone or anything else but you; or  
·    cover or obscure banner or other advertisements on your personal profile page or any Website page via HTML/CSS or any other means.  
Questions. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our community code, you can e-mail us at help@motime.ca or use your registered mobile device to send us an SMS text message to [“63232”] with the word “HELP”. If you cannot find the answer to a question related to our Privacy Policy or if you do not understand how we collect, maintain, store, process, use or share your Personal Information you may contact our Privacy Administrator at privacy@motime.ca. 

  For reference our: 

  Terms of Use may be reviewed at any time at www.motime.ca/help/terms   
Subscription Agreement may be reviewed at any time at www.motime.ca/help/subagreement  
© Copyright 2006 - 2008 Dada Entertainment Canada LLC. All Rights Reserved

      Helpful Tips

  Don’t Assume Anything About Anyone or Anything

  Opinions, advice, statements, offers and information are solely those of the authors or originators and you should NOT rely on them as accurate. You may never know whether it is there for entertainment or any other reason or purpose. Always consult with your own professional or other advisors because we do not check, verify, endorse or accept responsibility for any of these things, nor do we represent or guarantee accuracy, completeness, usefulness or anything else. 

  DON’T share anything you don’t want everyone to know or that might embarrass you.  
Our Service is a public space. Assume your Post will be seen by others who you may not know. 

  DO be careful about joining communities of others or adding others to your community.   
People aren't always who they say they are. Things are not always what they seem. 

  DON’T mislead people.   
Be truthful when you share. Deception makes people angry and has consequences – even here. 

  DO report harassment, hate speech and other inappropriate things.   
If you feel someone's behavior is inappropriate or making you uncomfortable, report it right away. 

  DON’T share your identity or Personal Information with anyone you don’t know.  
Things like your real name, phone numbers and addresses make it easy for someone to find you – even someone you don’t want to find you or someone you don’t want to communicate with. 

  DO take your conduct seriously.  
We give you control over your online experience. That means you choose what to share or not and what to do or not. What you decide online has consequences and may give someone else some control, especially if you share information or choose to meet or communicate with someone. 

  DON’T meet people you do not fully know and trust.  
If you do decide to meet, do it in a public place, bring a parent or friend and make sure a responsible adult knows exactly where you are and what you are doing ALL THE TIME – online or in person. 

  DO try using a third-party, anonymous e-mail address.  
As an added safety measure, we recommend using a third-party, anonymous e-mail address expressly for communicating with other users instead of using your personal (and potentially personally identifiable) e-mail address or account. 

  DON’T use a provocative, sexually explicit, shocking or otherwise inappropriate user name.  
Using sex, race, ethnic or other names and words may get you noticed, but also may attract the wrong kind of attention. Remember you can control your choices; you can’t control others. 

  DO block abusers and report them to us.  
We STRONGLY encourage you to block anyone who is or you suspect is behaving in any way that you feel is making you or anyone you know uncomfortable. 

  Always Use Your Own Judgment And Common Sense When Using Our Website And Our Service
