> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the motive.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-05-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150519005455id_/http%3A//www.alcatel-lucent.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Alcatel-Lucent Global Privacy and Data Protection Policy | Alcatel-Lucent

## 3\. Transparency

### Notice To Individuals

Alcatel-Lucent provides required notices through different means (emails, system privacy notices, etc.) to individuals relating to the processing of their personal data by Alcatel-Lucent.

Required Notices include information like the purpose(s), the personal data, individuals’ rights and choices, and the recipients, if any, for which such individuals’ personal data are being processed.

### Web Sites Covered By This Policy

The Alcatel-Lucent Global Privacy and Data Protection Policy applies also to all web sites and domains of Alcatel-Lucent.

### Links To External Web Sites

Alcatel-Lucent web sites may provide external links. Alcatel-Lucent does not control those unaffiliated third-party web sites and their privacy policies and practices as they relate to the use and protection of your personal data.

### Compliance With Anti-Corruption

Alcatel-Lucent maintains an Anti-Corruption Third Party Risk Management program and therefore processes personal information including, but not limited to, names of third party employees, majority shareholders, directors and management, either submitted online by third party representatives about their companies, or submitted by Alcatel-Lucent employees based on publicly available information.

The Anti-Corruption Third Party Risk Management process is to fulfill legal requirements under applicable anti-corruption laws and treaties, including but not limited to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and the OECD anti-bribery treaty.

The Third Party Register automates and captures the business and compliance due diligence information on third parties to review and approve or reject all types of third parties for engagement with Alcatel-Lucent.

* * *

## 4\. Consent

### Collecting Your Personal Data

Except where legally required, your provision of personal data is strictly voluntary. Alcatel-Lucent informs individuals of the available choices they may have relating to the processing of their personal data and, when required, obtains the related consent.

Wherever appropriate, individuals will be informed of their available options in providing such personal data (e.g., “opt-in” or “opt-out”). In addition, Alcatel-Lucent will seek to obtain, where required, the implicit or explicit consent of such individuals with respect to the collection, use, retention and disclosure of their personal data.

When you visit certain Alcatel-Lucent web pages, you may need to be registered and create a password in order to log in.

If you have indicated that you wish Alcatel-Lucent to remember your login identification and/or password this information will be used to complete the customization functions on our web sites. In some circumstances, we may request you to provide personal data. Your response to such a request is strictly voluntary.

Unless you request your personal data to be deleted or revoke your consent, it may be retained by Alcatel Lucent, pursuant to applicable laws, to:

  1. verify compliance with the agreement;
  2. track software and documents you download;
  3. track page visits and usage of other applications available on the Alcatel-Lucent web sites.



We also may receive your personal data from our business partners and suppliers. We intend to use such personal data for the purposes described in the paragraph above.

### Use Of Cookies

A cookie is a piece of information, usually a small text file that is generated by a web server and saved on your device. Most of the Alcatel-Lucent web sites employ cookies, primarily to improve your user experience. You can change the settings of your browser to refuse cookies or choose to be warned when receiving a cookie in order to be given a choice to accept or reject a cookie.

To learn more, please read our Cookie Policy by clicking [here](https://web.archive.org/cookie-policy).

### Social Plug-Ins

Alcatel-Lucent web sites may provide social plug-ins as part of social media.

Alcatel-Lucent web sites may provide social plug-ins from numerous social networking web sites (such as Facebook.com, Google+, LinkedIn, etc). These plug-ins are identified with their respective usual logos and/or suffixes.

If you visit an Alcatel-Lucent web page that contains such plug-ins, they are initially disabled until you click the provided plug-in button to enable it. By enabling a particular plug-in, you declare your consent to establish a connection and the transmission of data to the related social network web site.

### Revoking Consent

At any time, you can revoke your consent to the collection, processing, and use of your personal data for the future.

Upon revocation of your consent or request for deletion of your personal data, the related personal data will be deleted, unless:

  * there is a legal justification for continued use and processing of personal data, or
  * the revocation or request concerns data which is necessary for billing and accounting purposes, or
  * the retention of the personal data is mandatory due to other legal reasons,
  * the availability of the personal data is necessary for the performance of the purpose.



* * *

## 5\. Data Subject Access

### Accessing Your Personal Data

Individuals have the right to request access, review, deletion and blocking of their personal data, and to make or request updates where applicable.

(See also “Data Quality”).

This can be done either by logging onto the web site with your user name and password, or by contacting us and by clarifying your request. To protect your privacy and secure your personal data, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you such an access.

In addition, Alcatel-Lucent has local processes and procedures in place to handle complaints and disputes relating to the collection, use, retention and disclosure of personal data.

To manage the latest industry news you receive from Alcatel-Lucent, you can access the Profile and Subscription Center by clicking [here](http://webform.alcatel-lucent.com/res/alu/survey/alu2SubsProfilCenter.jsp).
