> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the motorcycle-usa.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-04. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101204095152id_/http%3A//www.motorcycle-usa.com/167/Motorcycles/Privacy-Policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Motorcycle USA

**1. _General Policy._** Motorcycle USA, LLC, an Oregon limited liability company ("Motorcycle USA"), owns and operates this Website (this "Website"). Motorcycle USA knows that you, its visitors, care about how information about you is used and shared. Motorcycle USA promises that it will use information about you carefully and sensibly. This document describes the information that Motorcycle USA collects about visitors to this Website, how Motorcycle USA uses that information and how Motorcycle USA protects that information. It also discusses certain choices you have regarding your personal information. This Policy does not apply to information you post on a Forum (as that term is defined in out Terms of Use) and your rights and obligations with those posting is set forth in those [Terms of Use.](http://www.motorcycle-usa.com/168/Motorcycles/Terms-of-Use.aspx)

**2. _Information Motorcycle USA Collects._** Motorcycle USA collects and stores the following information about visitors to this Website:

**2.1 _Automatically Generated Information._** Whenever you visit this Website, Motorcycle USA receives and stores information about that visit. For example, Motorcycle USA uses "cookies" to obtain information about you and your Web browser, including (a) the Internet Protocol (IP) address that connects your computer to the Internet; (b) email address and confirmation when you open an email sent from this Website; (c) password; (d) browser type and version, operating system and platform and other computer and connection information; (e) purchase history; (f) the date, time and full Uniform Resource Locators (URLs) of your clicks to, through and from this Website; (g) services and products you search for, view and/or purchase and use; (h) sections of this Website you visit; and (i) phone numbers you use to telephone our 800 number. "Cookies" are alphanumeric identifiers that we place on your computer's hard drive through your Web browser to enable our servers to recognize your browser as more specifically described in Section 3.6 below. There are companies that provide tools that allow you to visit Websites anonymously. While use of these tools may prevent us from providing you with personalized service, you should be aware that this option is available.

**2.2 _Information You Provide._** When you visit this Website, you may provide information in order to take advantage of the services offered through this Website. For example, if you purchase goods or services, take a test, fill out a survey or complete a questionnaire, you might provide your name, address, telephone and fax numbers, email address, age, gender, and salary information. Motorcycle USA collects and stores that information. You may always choose not to provide the information we request. However, you may then be unable to take advantage of the features and services we offer on this Website.

**2.3 _Information from other Sources._** From time to time Motorcycle USA purchases or otherwise acquires information about you from other sources and add it to Motorcycle USA's database, including updated delivery and address information, customer lists, email address lists, etc.

**3. _How Motorcycle USA Uses Information._** Motorcycle USA uses information about you in order to provide the services described in this Website. In addition, Motorcycle USA shares customer information with its affiliates and as described below.

**3.1 _No Sale of Personal Information._** **Motorcycle USA will not sell your personal information to others except in connection with the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of Motorcycle USA related to this Website.**

**3.2 _Third Party Service Providers._** Motorcycle USA may from time to time engage others to provide services to Motorcycle USA, to you and to other visitors to this Website. For example, Motorcycle USA may engage other companies to host, operate and maintain this Website, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, process credit card payments, perform inventories or assessments and provide other services. Motorcycle USA will give them access to your personal information to the extent necessary to do their jobs. Motorcycle USA cannot guaranty that those companies will protect your personal information to the same extent described in this Privacy Policy.

**3.3 _Statistical Information._** Motorcycle USA sells or otherwise shares some information about its visitors with advertisers, business partners, sponsors and other third parties. However, that information is statistical in nature and does not identify specific individuals. For example, Motorcycle USA counts the number of visitors for purposes of managing its banner advertising business or it may report that X percent of Motorcycle USA' visitors are [men][junior executives] and Y percent are [women][senior executives]. Motorcycle USA uses that data to, among other things, customize content, services and advertising to better suit the needs of its visitors and customers.

**3.4 _Emails._** From time to time, Motorcycle USA may send email messages to users. Motorcycle USA may use a bulk email service to distribute that information. If you do not want to receive bulk emails, please indicate that preference on your registration information or contact Motorcycle USA at [remove@motorcycle-usa.com.](mailto:remove@motorcycle-usa.com) Except for email messages that you send to Motorcycle USA or as provided in Section 6 titled “Your Participation in and Postings on Forums” of the [Terms of Use.](http://www.motorcycle-usa.com/168/Motorcycles/Terms-of-Use.aspx), Motorcycle USA will not monitor, edit or disclose the contents of your email unless required in the course of normal maintenance of this Website and systems.

**3.5 _Cookies._** Upon your first visit to this Website, our Website sends a "cookie" to your computer. A cookie is a file that identifies you as a unique user. It stores personal preferences and user data. Cookies do not identify you by name. Motorcycle USA has two primary uses for its cookies. First, Motorcycle USA uses them to specify unique facts. For example, cookies can identify visitors' zip codes. This way you don't have to tell us over and over again in which state you live. Secondly, Motorcycle USA uses cookies to track user trends and patterns. This helps Motorcycle USA better understand and improve this Website and its services. While both of these activities depend on the use of a "cookie," visitors to this Website should have the option of disabling cookies through their browser preferences. Most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some Motorcycle USA services may not function properly if you disable cookies. For example, without cookies, you may not be able to set customized searches, personalized preferences or other customized preferences.

**3.6 _Other Disclosures/Use._** Motorcycle USA will disclose your personal information if Motorcycle USA in good-faith believes it is required to do so: (a) by law or to comply with the law or legal process served on Motorcycle USA; (b) to protect and defend Motorcycle USA' rights or property; or (c) in an emergency to protect the personal safety of Motorcycle USA' customers, visitors or the public.

**4. _Links to Other Websites._** When you visit this Website, you could be directed to websites of Third Party Providers and to other websites that are beyond Motorcycle USA's control. There are many links to other websites from this Website that may take you outside Motorcycle USA's service. Motorcycle USA believes that this is one of the strengths of this Website. For example, if you "click" on a banner advertisement link or if you click on a Third Party Provider link, the "click" may take you from this Website to the website of that other person. Those other websites may not have privacy policies or may have privacy policies that are not as protective of your personal information as Motorcycle USA's policy. These other websites may send their own cookies to visitors, collect data or solicit personal information. Motorcycle USA strongly recommends that you review and understand the privacy policies of the websites you visit, whether you visit those websites directly or through a link from a page on this Website.

**5. _Forums._** Whenever you give out personal information online, including via forums, message boards or chat groups, that information can be collected and used by others. While Motorcycle USA strives to protect its visitors' personal information and privacy as outlined in this Privacy Policy, Motorcycle USA cannot guarantee the security of any information you disclose online and you do so at your own risk. See, the [Terms of Use.](http://www.motorcycle-usa.com/168/Motorcycles/Terms-of-Use.aspx) for more information.

**6. _Policy Regarding Children._** This Website is for people 13 years of age and older. If you are under 13 years of age, please do not submit any information to Motorcycle USA without the consent of a parent or guardian. Motorcycle USA does not intentionally collect any information about children.

**7. _Disputes regarding use of Personal Information._** All disputes regarding Motorcycle USA' use of your personal information and/or the terms of this Privacy Policy will be resolved as more specifically provided in the [Terms of Use.](http://www.motorcycle-usa.com/168/Motorcycles/Terms-of-Use.aspx) This Privacy Policy is a part of and is subject to the [Terms of Use.](http://www.motorcycle-usa.com/168/Motorcycles/Terms-of-Use.aspx)

**8\. Miscellaneous.** Motorcycle USA' policy does not extend to anything that is inherent in the operation of the Internet, and therefore beyond Motorcycle USA' control. Motorcycle USA uses reasonable precautions to keep your personal information secure. However, Motorcycle USA is not responsible for any breach of security or for the actions of any third parties.

Motorcycle USA reserves the right at its discretion to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time. Please review this page periodically for changes.

If you at any time have questions about this Privacy Policy, please send your question via email to [editor@motorcycle-usa.com.](mailto:editor@motorcycle-usa.com) or send via first class mail to Motorcycle USA, LLC.

**LAST UPDATED: 09/14/2006**
