> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the omlet.co.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2017-11-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171128232139id_/https%3A//www.omlet.co.uk/misc/site_policies/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Omlet

We respect each site visitor's right to personal privacy. We want our website visitors to be aware of any information we collect and how we use it. This statement applies solely to information collected on this website.

We have endeavoured to ensure that the information contained in this website is both accurate and up-to-date. Omlet does not accept any liability to any party for loss or damage incurred by reliance placed on the information contained in this website or through omission or errors, how so ever caused.

Please be aware that our site may include links to other web sites. We are not responsible for their privacy policies or procedures or for the content of these linked web sites.

The Omlet Club is an interactive area for Omlet customers. All Content, whether publicly posted or privately transmitted, is the sole responsibility of the person who originated such Content. We may not monitor or control the Content posted via the Omlet Websites and, we cannot take responsibility for such Content. Any use or reliance on any Content or materials posted via the Services or obtained by you through the Omlet Websites is at your own risk. We do not endorse, support, represent or guarantee the completeness, truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any Content or communications posted via the Omlet Websites or endorse any opinions expressed via the Omlet Websites. You understand that by using the Omlet Websites, you may be exposed to Content that might be offensive, harmful, inaccurate or otherwise inappropriate, or in some cases, postings that have been mislabeled or are otherwise deceptive. Under no circumstances will Omlet be liable in any way for any Content, including, but not limited to, any errors or omissions in any Content, or any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any Content posted, emailed, transmitted or otherwise made available via the Omlet Websites or broadcast elsewhere. While the administrators and moderators of this area will attempt to remove or edit any generally objectionable material as quickly as possible, it is impossible to review every message or photograph. 

Our online shop uses session cookies (to find out more click here) to allow the shopping cart system to work. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies but you do not have to accept them. You should read the help information within your browser to see how you can set it to notify you when you receive one. This will give you the opportunity to decide whether or not to accept it.

In order that we can monitor and improve the site, we may gather certain information when you use it, including details of your domain name and IP address, operating system, browser, and the address of the website that you visited prior to visiting our site.

Any information you provide when placing an order is held in the strictest confidence. When placing an order you are required to provide us with the following information: name, billing address, delivery address, email address for confirmation of the order and a telephone contact number. This information is used for delivery, billing purposes and to fulfil your order. We may supplement the information that you provide to us with information that we receive from third parties.
