> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the sscnotification.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160614084351id_/http%3A//www.sscnotification.com/privacy-policy-terms-of-use) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Terms Of Use |SSCNOTIFICATION.COM

sscnotification.com is a educational website for those aspirants who are seeking government jobs in india. The information of our website has been collected from various sources on internet. Candidates are advised to check with the respected Official website of a Company / Institutions for the latest jobs and exams updates. We are not working for any organisation and Institutions. We are not responsible for the validity of information provided.  **sscnotification.com**  contains links to other Web sites which are not control by us. No responsibility is accepted for the information Provided By those sites. These information are provided for your comfort only.

The author of **sscnotification.com** has made considerable efforts to collect these accurate and reliable information from the Related educational websites.. However, the author of **sscnotification.com** does not take any legal responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness of the information on this site. The Information published here with noble intentions for academic purposes.By using our website, you agree to consent to this **Privacy Policy**. We makes every effort to make sure that the information that appear on our website is true and up to date. However, errors are possible, and for this reason, you should not consider information to be accurate.

Our website sscnotification.com uses Google Analytics, service provided by Google. This program uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your Browser, it helps us and our advertising partners to understand how you use our site.The information generated by the cookie about Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage.

None of the information or content present on sscnotification.com should be considered as an indubitable fact. sscnotification.com is not responsible for any web pages linked to its website, and will not therefore be responsible for the contents present on any of such website. **sscnotification.com** assumes no responsibility for the content published on the website.

**Note:-We reserve the right to change at any time and without any notice, all conditions are listed above please read carefully.**
