> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the eyp.ph privacy policy that was archived on 2005-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20051210045603id_/http%3A//www.eyp.ph/complete.jsp%3Fpage%3D98) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# EYP. Let your mouse do the walking.

EYP.ph Corporation ("EYP.ph") is the owner of the site EYP.ph (the "Site"). EYP.ph is committed in giving businesses in the Philippines, registered with us or not, our advertisers and site visitors excellent service. To meet this high grade of service, we collect and in some instances disclose certain information about you.

We would like to stress that EYP.ph respects your right to privacy. We would like to inform you that when you visit the Site, you may be giving information to us knowingly or as an unidentified statistic recorded by our system as you surf within our Site.

This is how we treat the information we gather:

When you register with us, we will require you to fully accomplish a registration form which would contain numerous details about you.

When you visit the Site, our system gathers information related to your activity within the Site. This particular information is not about you personally. Information is generated by web server logs and "cookie" files. Both monitor statistics such as:

  * The number of people that visit the Site
  * The pages that our visitors go to
  * The domains our visitors are using
  * The browsers our visitors use to visit the Site



None of the information gathered by our system is directly connected with you as an individual. Information that we are able to gather in this manner is used to improve the Site by monitoring its performance and evaluating how improvements can be done.

EYP.ph might from time to time ask Site visitors personal information. An instance is when a visitor asks an inquiry from EYP.ph that requires a response. These type of information may range from a postal code to an email address to a phone number or such other identification information that we deem necessary or desirable. We would like to emphasize that we do not gather personal information from anyone unless voluntarily provided by the individual. Furthermore, we do not sell names and addresses of our Site visitors to other organizations or companies.

EYP.ph will never disclose to third parties personally identifiable and distinct information about you that you provided us online in ways unrelated to this Privacy policy, the Terms & conditions; and/or your use of EYP.ph, without giving you the opportunity to be disconnected from our service. In the future, the Site may offer you the option to entice people to visit your site through participation in search engines, online shopping services and others.

EYP.ph aims to protect Site visitors' information from unauthorized access and will allow registered businesses' to request the removal of their names from our telephone or mail solicitation lists and keep confidential distinct and indentifiable visitor information.

EYP.ph offers features and services on the Site where we will by necessity need to provide some of the information publicly available on your site to third party search engines offering search services.

EYP.ph may do the following with such information: distribute your product and service information and information about your company, your products and services, your Web site address (URL), your contact information, and other information, to such search engines and various other comparative shopping and search services, and create a database of publicly available information about you or your business to its search partners with the express purpose of driving internet user traffic to member sites, provided that such information is useful to the end users of the member sites. Publicly available information means information available to the public on your website, and may include the following information about the products or services you offer through the member site, your operating hours, your business address, your URL, your business contact information, and other such information. In no event, however, will EYP.ph disclose any of your financial information. EYP.ph cannot ensure that all of your personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not described in this Privacy policy. For example, we may be required to disclose personally identifiable information to the government or by court order under certain circumstances, or other situations may arise requiring such disclosure. In addition, you authorize us to disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate.

This site contains links to other sites. EYP.ph is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.

By using the Site, you acknowledge and agree to this Privacy policy as well as the Terms & conditions. If you object to either this Privacy policy or the Terms & conditions, please do not use the Site. We reserve the unilateral right to alter, amend, modify, revise and/or update both this Privacy policy and the Terms and conditions. We encourage you to regularly visit the Site to be aware of such changes. Your use of the Site after changes in this Privacy policy or the Terms & conditions mean you agree to such changes.

This Privacy policy is incorporated by reference and made an integral part of the [EYP.ph Terms & conditions](https://web.archive.org/complete.jsp?page=219).

EYP.ph will always value your right to privacy. If you have inquiries about our privacy policy, please [contact us](https://web.archive.org/complete.jsp?page=87).

  
 
