> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the a2zinc.net privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190523084437id_/https%3A//personifycorp.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy | Personify Corp

### Categories of Personal Data Processed by Personify

  * Personal data that is processed when you communicate with Personify: When you interact with us via email, telephone, or online (e.g., when send us an email inquiry, provide us with feedback on our services, register and post in our forums, submit support requests, and comment on blog posts), we collect personal data, including your name, organization name, phone number and email address; and information about the Personify services you have purchased. We also may create event logs that are useful in diagnosing product or app performance-related issues, and capture information relating to the support or service issue. To improve customer service, subject to applicable laws, we may also record and review your conversations with us, and analyze any feedback provided to us through voluntary surveys concerning our  
customer service. With your consent, we may log in to your Personify system, if appropriate, to help troubleshoot and resolve your issue. 
    * **Purposes and Legal Grounds:**
      * We use this information to provide you with client, product and service support and to monitor the quality and types of client, product and service support we provide to our clients. The legal ground for processing this information for these purposes is Personify’s legitimate interest in providing quality client, product and service support. The legal ground for logging in to your Personify account, if appropriate, to help troubleshoot and resolve your issue is consent, which you may withdraw.
  * Personal data that is processed when you submit a question via Personifycorp.com or create and account Personify Community or Personify Connect account: When you create a Personify Connect or Personify Community account or make an inquiry on Personifycorp.com, we ask you to provide your email address and name. 
    * **Purposes and Legal Grounds:**
      * Personify processes your email address and password when you use your email address and your password for the purpose of enabling you to log in to your Personify Connect or Personify Community account. The legal ground for processing your email address for this purpose is based on Personify’s legitimate interest in protecting the security of your Personify Connect or Personify Community account.
      * Personify also processes your contact information for the purpose of sending you information about your Personify products, services, apps or account. The name you provide is associated with your account profile. The legal ground for processing your email address and name for these purposes is Personify’s legitimate interest in providing you information about your Personify products, services, apps or account.
      * If you provide your opt-in consent to receiving marketing information from Personify, Personify will also process your email address for the purpose of sending you marketing information about Personify products, services, and apps. The legal ground for processing your email address for this purpose is your consent. You may withdraw your consent at any time by changing your preferences in your Personify account or through the unsubscribe link at the bottom of our marketing emails. The marketing emails you receive from Personify are based on user preferences and customer status. The legal ground for processing this data for this purpose is Personify’s legitimate interest in reducing the number of  
marketing emails sent to each client by selecting which clients receive a particular marketing email rather than sending every marketing email to every client who has consented to receiving marketing emails.
      * Personify also processes your email address to associate it with your Personify account. The legal ground for this processing is our legitimate interest in providing quality client support.
  * If you choose to sign up for our newsletter or any other communication from us, we will use your contact information for purposes of sending you the information you have requested. Personify may also use your email address and other contact information for the purpose of sending you electronic marketing communications. You will have the opportunity to opt out of receiving any such communications at the time we collect your contact information. The legal ground for processing your email address and other contact information for this purpose is our legitimate interest in sending electronic marketing communications to customers concerning our services. If you do not initially opt out of receiving electronic marketing communication but subsequently decide that you no longer wish to receive electronic marketing communications, you will have the opportunity to opt out from receiving electronic marketing communications from Personify at any time by clicking the preferences or unsubscribe link provided at the bottom of our marketing emails. The electronic marketing communications you receive from Personify are based on the preferences you provide in your Personify Connect or Personify Community account and other demographic indicators. 
    * **Purposes and Legal Grounds:**
      * The legal ground for processing your personal data for this purpose is Personify’s legitimate interest in providing its customers with information they have requested and with electronic marketing communications that are likely to be of interest to them.
  * Personify also processes contact information of our customers’ members and contacts, on our customers’ behalf, to assist our customers and their members and contacts with their use and operation of their Personify sites. We do not contact our customers’ members or contacts except as related to the operation of our customers’ Personify sites (e.g., event notifications and reminders, membership renewals, security, and other notifications). We process the contact information of our customers’ members and contacts on behalf of our customers and for such communications purposes based on our legitimate interest in providing quality support for our Sites and services and assisting our customers and their members and contacts with their use and operation of their Personify Sites.



### Third-Party Recipients of Personal Data

  * **Third party service providers:** We share your personal data with our third-party service providers in order to host and operate our sites and provide requested services.
  * **Other service providers:** Personify uses Marketo to assist in email marketing and Salesforce.com for customer support. Personify uses this data to contact likely prospects and current customers as well as customer support for current customers.
  * **Third parties in connection with business reorganization:** We also may transfer or provide access to your personal data to a third party in connection with an actual or impending reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of Personify’s business or assets, including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceeding. Any entity to which we transfer personal data will not be permitted to process your personal data other than as described in this Privacy Policy without providing you notice and, if required by applicable laws, obtaining your consent.
  * **Governmental entities and third parties:** We may disclose personal data about you to governmental entities, such as regulatory agencies, law enforcement and judicial authorities, as well as other third parties under any of the following conditions: (a) if we have your valid consent to do so; (b) to comply with a valid subpoena, legal order, court order, legal process or other legal obligation; (c) to enforce any of our terms and conditions or policies; or (d) as necessary to pursue available legal remedies or defend legal claims. We may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.



### Cookies and Similar Technologies

  * **Website Analytics:** To help analyze how you and other visitors navigate this Site, compile aggregate statistics about site usage and response rates, help diagnose any problems with Personify’s servers and administer the Site, we, with assistance from third-party analytics service providers, collect certain information when you visit our Site. This information includes IP address, geographic location of the device, browser type, browser language, date and time of your request, time(s) of your visit(s), page views and page elements (e.g., links) that you click. We use this information to provide better, more relevant content on our Site, to identify and fix any problems with our Site, and to improve your overall experience on our Site.

  If you do not want information collected through the use of these technologies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline many of these technologies, or to be given the choice of declining or accepting them.

Additionally, if you reside in the European Union or other jurisdiction that requires us to obtain your consent to use cookies on our Site, then you will have an opportunity to manage your cookie preferences on our Site, other than certain cookies required to enable core site functionality, which you cannot choose to disable.

  * **App Analytics:** We also collect data from clients about their usage of Google Analytics. The types of analytical information that are collected include date and time the app accesses our servers, app version, location of device, etc. Personify uses this data to improve the quality and functionality of the Google Analytics; and to help identify and fix app stability issues and other usability problems.
  * **Legal Grounds:** The legal ground for processing this personal data is our legitimate interest in understanding how our clients interact with our products, services, apps and websites so we can enhance the client experience and functionality of our products, services, apps and websites.



### Cross-Border Transfers of Personal Data

When you register for a Personify.com or Community website account, your personal data, will be collected and stored on servers primarily in Texas and Virginia. If you are a member, customer, or employee of a Personify client, our client may transfer your personal data to us in the United States. The data protection and privacy laws of the United States may not be as comprehensive as the laws in your country. For example, personal data transferred to the United States may be subject to lawful access requests by federal and state authorities in the United States.

Personify participates in and complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the European Union and Switzerland to the United States. Personify has certified to the Department of Commerce that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles. If there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the Privacy Shield Principles, the Privacy Shield Principles shall govern. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view our certification, please visit <https://www.privacyshield.gov/>. Personify is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, which has jurisdiction over Personify’s compliance with the Privacy Shield.

Personify is committed to subject to the Privacy Shield Principles all personal data received from the European Union or Switzerland in reliance on the Privacy Shield. Personify will remain responsible for any processing of personal data in a manner inconsistent with the Privacy Shield Principles by third party agents to which Personify has transferred personal data unless Personify proves it is not in any way responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.

In compliance with the Privacy Shield Principles, Personify is committed to resolving complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. EU and Swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our Privacy Shield policy should first contact Personify by email at [privacy@personifycorp.com](mailto:privacy@personifycorp.com). Personify has further committed to refer unresolved Privacy Shield complaints to [JAMS](https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-claim), an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the United States. If you do not receive timely acknowledgement of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit [JAMS](https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-claim) for more information or to file a complaint. The services of [JAMS](https://www.jamsadr.com/file-an-eu-us-privacy-shield-claim) are provided at no cost to you. Additionally, you may, under certain conditions, invoke binding arbitration for Privacy Shield complaints that are not resolved by any of the other Privacy Shield dispute resolution mechanisms.

### Children’s Privacy

Our Site is not directed to individuals under the age of 16, and we request that individuals under 16 not provide personal data to Personify. If we learn that we have collected personal data from a child under 16, we will take steps to delete the information as soon as possible.

### Retention of Personal Data

We will retain your personal data as long as your Personifycorp.com or Personify Community account is considered to be active. See section below under “Your Rights” for additional information pertaining to the right of erasure, as well as other data subject rights.

### Information Security

We implement appropriate technical and organizational measures designed to assist in maintaining the security and confidentiality of personal data; safeguarding against anticipated threats to the confidentiality, integrity and availability of personal data; and protecting your personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, and unauthorized disclosure or access.

However, whenever personal data is processed, there is a risk that such data could be lost, misused, modified, hacked, breached, and/or otherwise accessed by an unauthorized third party. No system or online transmission of data is completely secure. In addition to the technical and organizational measures that Personify has in place to protect your personal data, you should use appropriate security measures to protect your personal data. If you believe that your Personify account or any information you provided to us is no longer secure, notify us immediately at [privacy@personifycorp.com](mailto:privacy@personifycorp.com).

### Your Rights

If you reside in the European Union, you have the right under the General Data Protection Regulation to request access to and rectification or erasure of your personal data, data portability, restriction of processing of your personal data, the right to object to processing of your personal data, and the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. If you reside in the European Union or Switzerland, you also have the right, under the Privacy Shield, to access and to correct, amend or delete your personal data where it is inaccurate or where it has been processed in violation of the Privacy Shield Principles, except where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to your privacy or where the rights of other individuals would be violated. If you live in the European Union or Switzerland, and if you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact Personify at [privacy@personifycorp.com](mailto:privacy@personifycorp.com).

If you reside in the European Union or Switzerland, your rights under the Privacy Shield include the right to notice of the choices and means that Personify offers you for limiting the use and disclosure of your personal data. Personify provides you with the opportunity to choose how your personal data may be used under certain circumstances. If your personal data is to be used for a new purpose that is materially different from that for which your personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or if your personal data is to be disclosed to a third-party controller, Personify will provide you with an opportunity to choose whether to have your personal data so used or disclosed. When sharing your personal data with third-party processors that Personify has retained to perform services on its behalf and pursuant to its instructions, Personify may disclose your personal data without offering an opportunity to opt out.

Personify also provides you with specific rights related to any Sensitive Data. “Sensitive Data” under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework is defined as personal data specifying medical or health conditions, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, or information specifying the sex life of an individual. Under the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework, “Sensitive Data” means personal data specifying medical or health conditions, personal sexuality, racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious, ideological or trade union-related views or activities, or information on social security measures or administrative or criminal proceedings and sanctions, which are treated outside pending proceedings. If your sensitive personal data is to be used for a new purpose that is different from that for which your sensitive personal data was originally collected or subsequently authorized, or is to be disclosed to a third party, Personify will obtain your affirmative express consent prior to such use or such disclosure.

If you reside outside of the European Union or Switzerland, you may have similar rights under your local laws. If you do not live in the European Union or Switzerland but you think you have any of these data subject rights under your local laws, please contact Personify at [privacy@personifycorp.com](mailto:privacy@personifycorp.com).

### Data Controller

If your personal data was collected by and on behalf of Personify (e.g., through our website), then such personal data is controlled by Personify, Inc., which is located at 6500 River Place Blvd, Bldg. III, Ste 125, Austin, TX 78730 and which you can contact by email at [privacy@personifycorp.com](mailto:privacy@personifycorp.com). However, if your personal data was collected by or on behalf of a Personify client, then such personal data is controlled by our client, with Personify acting as a data processor.

### Privacy Policy Updates

We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time as we add new products, services, and apps, as we improve our current offerings and as technologies and laws change. You can determine when this Privacy Policy was last revised by referring to the “Last Updated” legend at the top of this page. Any changes will become effective upon our posting of the revised Privacy Policy.

If we collected your personal data, we will provide notice to you if these changes to the Privacy Policy are material and, where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. This notice will be provided by via email.
