> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the a2zp30.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-09-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190907042405id_/https%3A//a2zp30.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - A2Z P30 Download Full Pc Softwares,Games

Below is information regarding A2zp30.com's commitment to protect the privacy of users and to ensure the integrity of the Internet. This Privacy Policy was last revised on July 20, 2014.

Your privacy is rather important to A2zp30.com.

**Personal Information Collection**

In the course of delivering this site to you, A2zp30.com does NOT collect any personally-identifiable information about you, such as your name, address, phone number or email address from users of this web site without your knowledge, and are taking measures to protect your privacy.

You can send email requesting help and your email will NOT be shared in any way with any third party(ies), and will only be used to send replies to you.

Ads used on this website can use cookies and/or web beacons to collect data in the ad serving process. You can remove them at any time using your browser tools.

If you have any questions or concerns regarding this matter, please feel free to [contact us](https://a2zp30.com/Contact-Us/).

**Third Party Advertising Partners**

A2zp30.com use Google Adsense and other advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.

A2zp30.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers. You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices.

Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the [Google Advertising Privacy & Terms](https://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/).
