> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tailorstore.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181222012222id_/https%3A//www.tailorstore.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Tailor Store | Tailor Store®

## Privacy policy at Tailor Store

### Collection, processing and usage of your data

You can visit our web site without registering any personal data. We are only recording access data without personal relation like the name of your internet service provider, the web site you are visiting us from or the name of the requested file. This data is used exclusively to improve our offer and we are not able to connect the data directly to you. Personal data is only being recorded if you voluntarily register it during the purchase process when creating a new customer account or when registering for a newsletter. Without any additional permission we will use your data exclusively to complete and process your order. After completion and payment of an order your data will be locked from further usage and deleted after valid expiration time as established in tax and trading laws unless you have agreed on further usage of your data. With the subscription of our newsletter your e-Mail-address will be used for this purpose until you unsubscribe from the newsletter.

### Forwarding of personal data

Relevant personal data may be forwarded to the transport company if this is necessary to deliver the goods. For the completion of payments we are forwarding payment data to our payment provider. All data forwardings take place through a highly secure data connection. Your personal data will not be forwarded to anyone else than those mentioned above.

### Data security

Your credit card data will be transmitted encrypted with SSL v3, SHA-1 with RSA-encryption of 256 Bit, issued by The USERTRUST Network. We are protecting our web site and other systems with the help of technical and organisational arrangements against loss, damage, access, change or spreading of your data by unauthorized persons. The access to your customer account is only possible after entering your personal password. We ask you to handle your login data with care and close the browser window after you are finished with the communication with us, especially when using the computer together with others.

### Cookies

We use our own and third party cookies for statistical purposes and in order to facilitate and securely manage the purchasing process when you are visiting the site. "Cookies" are an industry standard way to improve the usage and usability of the internet. This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States . Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

This website uses also the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Tailor Store website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.

### Use of Facebook Social Plugins

This website uses so-called social plugins ("plugins") from the social network Facebook, which is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA ("Facebook"). The plugins are identified by a Facebook logo or the words "social plug-in from Facebook" and "Facebook Social Plugin". An overview of the Facebook plug-ins, and their appearance can be found here.

If you request a page of our website that contains a social plugin, your browser establishes a direct connection to the Facebook servers. The content of the plugin is directly transmitted from Facebook to your browser and from that incorporated in the website.

By integrating the plugin Facebook receives the information that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our website, even if you do not have a Facebook account or are not currently logged in to Facebook. This information (including your IP address) is transmitted from your browser directly to a Facebook server in the USA and stored there.

If you are logged in to Facebook, Facebook can assign your visit to our site directly to your Facebook account. If you interact with the plugins, for example, press the "Like" button or leave a comment, the corresponding information is also transmitted directly to a Facebook server and stored there. The information will also be posted on Facebook and will be visible to your Facebook friends.

Facebook can use this information for purposes of advertising, market research and custom design of the Facebook pages. For this purpose, Facebook creates usage, interest and relationship profiles, eg to evaluate your use of our website in terms of the appearance of Facebook Ads displayed to you, inform other Facebook users about your activities on our website and to provide other associated service connected with the use of Facebook.

If you do not want Facebook to connect the collected data about our website to your Facebook account, you must log out from Facebook before you visit our site.

For further information about the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of data by Facebook, and your rights and ways to protect your privacy, please see the privacy notices of Facebook. 

### Right of inquiry

You have the right to get information for free about your personal data stored by us. You also have the right to request changes, blocking or deletion of this data.

### Changes in agreements

You can unsubscribe from our newsletter at any time by changing the settings in your profile, by contacting our customer service or by clicking on the link to unsubscribe in our newsletter.

### Who can you contact?

If you have questions regarding collection, processing and usage of your personal data or you would like to get information about, make changes to, block or delete data do not hesitate to contact

[support@tailorstore.com](mailto:support@tailorstore.com)

Tailor Store Sweden AB  
Garnisonsgatan 48  
254 66 Helsingborg  
Sweden  
Fax: 0046 424242 088
