> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the hmrc.gov.uk privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060615015454id_/http%3A//www.hmrc.gov.uk/about/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# HM Revenue & Customs: Privacy Policy

## General

Our Privacy Policy is designed to tell you about our practices regarding the collection, use and disclosure of information that you may provide via the HMRC website. Whenever you use this site, you consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of that information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

##  Ways that we collect information

Some areas of the site require you to actively submit information in order for you to benefit from specific features (such as our range of online services). You will be informed at each information collection point what information is required and what information is optional. 

Some of this information may be personal (information that can be uniquely identified with you, such as your full name, address, email address, phone number etc.).

We only collect such information when you choose to supply it to us.

Information is also gathered without you actively providing it, through the use of various technologies and methods such as Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and cookies. These methods do not collect or store personal information.

An IP address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet Service Provider (ISP), so you can access the Internet. It is generally considered to be non-personally identifiable information, because in most cases an IP address is dynamic (changing each time you connect to the Internet), rather than static (unique to a particular user's computer).

We use your IP address to diagnose problems with our server, report aggregate information, and determine the fastest route for your computer to use in connecting to our site, and to administer and improve the site.

## Cookies

A cookie is a piece of data stored locally on your computer and contains information about your activities on the Internet. On our website, we use cookies to track users' progress through the site, allowing us to make improvements based on usage data. The information in a cookie does not contain any personally identifiable information you submit to our site.

Once you close your browser, our access to the cookie terminates. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose not to accept the cookie, this will not affect your access to the majority of information available on our website. However, you will not be able to make full use of our online services.

The [Internet Advertising Bureau](http://www.iab.net/standards/privacy.asp " this link will open a page in a new browser window on a non-UK Government website") (IAB) (this link will open a new window) provides in depth information about cookies. 

## Page tagging

Sometimes we tag pages on the site when we are promoting various campaigns. These tags are provided by our ad management partners, DoubleClick and Atlas. These tags enable DoubleClick and Atlas to recognise a unique cookie on your browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our web site. The cookie was placed by us, or by another advertiser who works with DoubleClick and Atlas. With this technology, the information that we collect and share is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. There is more information about DoubleClick and Atlas - including information about how to opt out of these technologies - on their websites.

  * Privacy information about [DoubleClick](http://www.doubleclick.com/us/about_doubleclick/privacy " this link will open a page in a new browser window on a non-UK Government website") (this link will open a new window) 
  * Privacy information about [Atlas](http://www.atdmt.com/privacy/general " this link will open a page in a new browser window on a non-UK Government website") (this link will open a new window) 



##  Monitoring of e-mail

We may monitor e-mail communications with HMRC (this includes any HMRC member of staff). Any such monitoring will take place in accordance with the law.

##  Web Statistics

We use log files generated by our web servers to analyse site usage and statistics but the files do not identify any personal information. Log file analysis helps us to understand usage patterns on our website and to make improvements to our service.

##  Disclosure

Except as otherwise stated, we may use information you provide via this site to improve the content, to customise the site to your preferences, to communicate information to you (if you have requested it), for internal marketing and research purposes, and for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy.

We do not disclose any information you provide via the site to any third parties or other government departments except where:

  * Such disclosures are necessary to fulfil our service obligations to you in which case we will require such third parties to agree to treat it in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
  * Required by applicable laws, courts orders, or government regulations (for example to prevent or detect crime).
  * You give us permission to do so.



##  Access to and correction of personal information

We will take all reasonable steps in accordance with our legal obligations to update or correct personally identifiable information in our possession that you submit via this site.

You have a right to ask to see details of any personal information that we hold about you. If you wish to do so please contact our Data Protection Officer at Room BP4302, Benton Park View, Longbenton, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE98 1ZZ

##  Security

HMRC has a legal duty to protect the confidentiality of taxpayer information. We take all reasonable steps to protect any information you submit via our website, both online and offline, in accordance with legislation such as the Data Protection Act 1998.

We take all appropriate steps to protect your personally identifiable information as you transmit your information from your computer to our site and to protect such information for loss, misuse, and unauthorised access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. We use leading technologies and encryption software to safeguard your data, and operate strict security standards to prevent any unauthorised access to it.

Where you use passwords, ID numbers, or other special access features on this site, you also have a responsibility to take reasonable steps to safeguard them.

##  Links to other websites

This site contains links and references to other websites. Please be aware that this Privacy Policy does not apply to those websites and we encourage you to read the Privacy Policy of every website you visit.

##  Notification of changes to our Privacy Policy

We will post details of any changes to our Privacy Policy on the website to help ensure you are always aware of the information we collect, how we use it, and in what circumstances, if any, we share it with other parties.

This Privacy Policy was last updated May 2006.

[Menu ](https://web.archive.org/web/20060615015454id_/http%3A//www.hmrc.gov.uk/spss/cssav.htm)
