> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the radaronline.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-10-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071011210119id_/http%3A//www.radaronline.com/info/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy : Radar Online

**PRIVACY POLICY**

This privacy policy applies to the website only and does not cover information collected on any third-party sites to which this website links. This privacy policy is part of, and must be read in conjunction with, the website's Terms and Conditions. If you do not agree with the Terms and Conditions in their entirety, please do not use this website. 

**Website Users**  
Radar generally collects personally identifiable information such as a name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, or credit card information with your specific knowledge and consent. 

**How does the website use information supplied by me?**  
Occasionally, visitors to our website may be asked to supply certain personally identifying information, which is then retained by Radar. For example, we ask you for certain information if you choose to subscribe to our e-mail newsletters, post content to the website, or purchase either articles from our archives or our premium online content. If you choose to give us personally identifying information at such time, such information will be retained by us and used only to provide you with products or services you have requested, or with additional information from Radar about Radar, its affiliates, or selected outside companies whose products or services we feel may be of use to you. Any information from selected outside companies will be transmitted by Radar so that such companies will not have access either to your e-mail address or to your other personally identifying information. Moreover, we will not sell or rent any personally identifying information obtained through the website (other than in connection with magazine subscriptions ordered, as explained below) to any other company or organization. 

To unsubscribe from the Radar newsletter and/or other electronic communications from Radar, you may also reply to the electronic communication with "UNSUBSCRIBE" (and only "UNSUBSCRIBE") in the subject line, or by following the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the e-mail. You can also unsubscribe from promotional and marketing e-mails that you receive from a Radar partner by typing "UNSUBSCRIBE" (and only "UNSUBSCRIBE") in the subject line in a reply to one of the partner's e-mails to you, or following the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the e-mail. 

From time to time, the personally identifying information that you provide to us may be shared with our suppliers or service providers who assist us in maintaining and managing our newsletters, our archives, our premium online content, our online discussion forums, and other activities on the website. Such suppliers or service providers may use your personally identifying information only in the course of providing services to Radar, but they may not use such information for other purposes. 

While your individual information is protected as discussed above, Radar reserves the right to use such individual information to create aggregated, anonymous data about users in order to develop statistics about activity on and visitors to the website. In addition, Radar may disclose personal information if we in good faith believe that such action is necessary to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the website; or (4) protect the personal safety, property, or rights of our users or the public. 

**What are "cookies," and how do you use them?** "Cookies" are pieces of information that are placed by a website in a storage place on your computer. Cookies do not contain information that is, in itself, personally identifying. Radar places cookies on your computer in a limited way to help deliver advertisements, to calculate unique site visitors, and to track usage throughout our site. Other uses include placement of cookies to make the log-in process more convenient for users of our e-mail newsletters, our archives, our premium online content, and our online discussion forums. In addition, some advertisers may place cookies on your computer. We do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers. 

**What are "IP" addresses, and how do you use them?** An Internet Protocol ("IP") address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your internet service provider whenever you log on to the Web. Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address, so when a guest requests pages from our site, our servers log the guest's IP address. The IP addresses of our guests are collected only for the purposes of system administration and to report aggregate information to our advertisers, our corporate affiliates or consultants, or with third parties that perform a particular service on our behalf. We do not combine IP addresses with any personally identifying information, nor do we compile any session activity reports by IP address. 

**Children's Online Privacy Protection Act** No one under the age of 13 should provide any personal information. In general, Radar does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If in limited circumstances we do knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13, we will do so only with verified parental consent prior to collection. In the event that we learn that we have collected information from a child under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete this information from our database as quickly as reasonably possible. If you believe the website has any information about anyone under 13, please contact Radar. 

**Security** Radar has implemented appropriate safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and make proper use of the information that we collect. However, no security system is invulnerable. Thus, while we strive to protect your personal information, Radar cannot absolutely guarantee the security of any information you provide to us. 

**TRADEMARKS AND SERVICE MARKS**  
Radar Magazine, Radar Online, Fresh Intelligence, and the Fame-O-Meter are trademarks or service marks of Integrity Multimedia Company, LLC. 
