> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the radarsync.com privacy policy that was archived on 2005-08-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050811003131id_/http%3A//www.radarsync.com/Privacy_Policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# RadarSync Privacy Statement: Driver, Software, Computer Drivers Update Tool

At RadarSync we respect your privacy and we protect your information. 

* RadarSync 2 client software does not automatically identify or collect personal information about you or your computer. When RadarSync client software scans your computer, it identifies the components installed on or attached to your computer. It identifies these components by vendor component hardware ID. Vendor component hardware IDs are generic and are not individualized per computer (every component of the same type has the same ID). RadarSync client software sends these generic hardware IDs to the RadarSync server in order to find and retrieve the right driver updates for your computer. 

* RadarSync, Ltd. does request that you provide your name, address, and other identifying information when you register your software. We do not share this information with third parties, nor do we use it to identify your computer or to make connections between your computer configuration and your personal details. 

* The information RadarSync 2 software sends to the server no way identifies you or your computer. RadarSync software may send you Content from time to time. Content may include: information and news updates that you request; offers, updates and promotions related to the components installed on/attached to your computer; registration reminders, etc. The Content you receive will be sent to you from RadarSync server. Any Content you receive will be directed to your RadarSync client software based on the vendor hardware IDs of the components installed on or attached to your computer, but not on the personal information you provided with your registration 

* RadarSync website (http://www.radarsync.com) collects information about visitors to our website by using cookies and pixel tracking tags. The information collected includes IP addresses, countries of origin, browsers, operating systems, the number, duration, and path of site visits, referring URLs and many other key details. These collected visitor demographics are compiled and analyzed automatically. This user information is available only to RadarSync and only as collectively analyzed data, not data on individual users. Further, RadarSync does not sell, rent, lease or otherwise release visitor information to third parties. Nor do we use this data to directly market products or services to visitors. 
