> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the cheaperseeker.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20111203040354id_/http%3A//www.cheaperseeker.com/info/page/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

When accessing our Website, cheaperseeker.com will learn certain information about you during your visit. How we will handle information we learn about you depends upon what you do when visiting our site. If you visit our site to read or download information on our pages, we collect and store only the following information about you: 1\. The name of the domain from which you access the Internet 2\. The date and time you access our site 3\. The Internet address of the website you used to link directly to our site. OPT OUT/CORRECTIONS Upon your request, we will (a) correct or update your personal information; (b) stop sending emails to your email address; and/or (c) disable your account to prevent any future purchases through that account. You can make these requests at the customer information section, or by telephoning, or emailing your request to cheaperseeker.com’s Customer Support department at Service@cheaperseeker.com. Please do not email your credit card number or other sensitive information. If you identify yourself by sending us an e-mail containing personal information, then the information collected will be solely used to respond to your message. The information collected is for statistical purposes. cheaperseeker.com may use software programs to create summary statistics, which are used for such purposes as assessing the number of visitors to the different sections of our site, what information is of most and least interest, determining technical design specifications, and identifying system performance or problem areas. For site security purposes and to ensure that this service remains available to all users, cheaperseeker.com uses software programs to monitor network traffic to identify unauthorized attempts to upload or change information, or otherwise cause damage. cheaperseeker.com will not obtain personally-identifying information about you when you visit our site, unless you choose to provide such information to us, nor will such information be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. 
