> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the checkster.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080616143747id_/http%3A//www.checkster.com/privacyPolicy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Checkster - Get into their minds!

**Information about you is private. We plan to keep it that way.**  
Checkster pioneers the online Personal Feedback Management industry, and privacy and safety were built into the site and application from day one. It's a fact that we collect information about you. This allows us to deliver products and services to help you in your search for the best career. Most importantly, this information helps us do what we're here for - match people with the best potential future.

We don't sell any information to third parties. The data that we collect and do make available to you and organizations that requested information from you, is solely presented in aggregated format and after your consent (see Terms and Conditions). You can always obtain a copy of those reports.

When it comes to privacy on our site, all pages containing financial information are protected by SSL.

Please take a moment to read our detailed Privacy Policy below. Protecting our users/subscribers and keeping their personal information private is as important to us as helping them find the right career. And that's really important.

**CHECKSTER LLC PRIVACY POLICY**  
This privacy policy has been created to demonstrate our strong commitment to protecting your personal information and to inform you on how we handle this. It also demonstrates how we disclose information to organizations you agreed to give information and data about your prior and/or current employment to. It does not apply to any other website or offline point of contact between Checkster LLC, or any other organizations, and consumers. Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may modify it from time to time. This privacy policy was last revised on August 11, 2006. Each time you visit the Site or provide us with information, by doing so you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy at that time.

**Your IP Address**  
Like most Websites, each time you visit the Site, we automatically collect your IP address and the web page from which you came. In order to administer and optimize the Site for you and to diagnose problems with our Site, we use your IP address to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information about you.

**Cookies**  
Like most Websites, the Site uses cookies to keep track of your purchases and other activity on the Site and enhance your experience on the Site. We also use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests, to save your login email, and if you choose, to save other personal information so you do not have to reenter it each time you visit the Site. Third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. If you wish to disable these cookies, the "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how. However, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas on the Site.

**Information We Collect From You**  
In order to operate the Services and Site and to provide you with information about products or services that may be of interest to you, we may collect "personal information" (i.e. information that could be used to contact you directly (without using the Site) such as full name, postal address, phone number or email address), "financial information" (i.e. credit card numbers or passwords) or "demographic information" (i.e. information that you submit, or that we collect, that is neither personal information nor financial information; this may include, but is not limited to, zip code, postal code, hometown, gender, username, age/birth date, purchase history information, browsing history information, searching history information, registration history information, subject to the rest of this paragraph). Please note that nowhere on the Site do we knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16, as we require that all users represent to us that they are at least 16 years old.

**Special Cases in which we Share Personal and Financial Information**  
Your personal information or financial information may be passed on to a third party in the event of a transfer of ownership or assets, or a bankruptcy. We may also disclose personal information or financial information when we determine that such disclosure is necessary to comply with applicable law, to cooperate with law enforcement or to protect the interests or safety of Checkster LLC or other organizations using the site. We also may disclose your personal information or financial information to our subsidiary and parent companies and businesses, and other affiliated legal entities and businesses with whom we are under common LLC control. Whenever personal information or financial information is disclosed under this paragraph, we may also disclose your demographic information along with it, on a non-anonymous basis. All of our parent, subsidiary and affiliated legal entities and businesses that receive your personal information, financial information, or non-anonymous demographic information from us will comply with the terms of this privacy policy with respect to their use and disclosure of such information.

**How We Use Public Information and Other Demographic Information**  
We may review all demographic information. We may use all the information provided to us by you or any third party for benchmarking. We may use demographic information to tailor the Site and communications to your interests. We may also share demographic information with advertisers on an anonymous and aggregated basis (i.e., without telling the advertisers your identity). One of the reasons we may do this is to increase the likelihood that our advertisers' goods and services will appeal to Checkster.com users, so that we may target specific ads at specific demographic groups. Our sharing of demographic information with advertisers is anonymous (i.e., we do not tell advertisers which particular Checkster.com users are members of which demographic groups), subject to the rest of this privacy policy. When you respond to an advertisement, however, we ask you to remember that if the ad is targeted to a demographic group and you decide to give the advertiser your personal information, then the advertiser may be able to identify you as being a member of that demographic group. Please also be aware that we may disclose your demographic information on a non-anonymous basis as described above in the paragraph titled "Special Cases in which we Share Personal and Financial Information." Also, to read further details about how we may use your public information, see our Terms of Use (Hyperlink to terms of use).

**Changing our Privacy Policy for Previously Gathered Information**  
If at any point we decide to use particular personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of an email or by providing 30 days notice on the Site. Please note that we will continue to have the right to change our privacy policy and practices, and how we use your personally identifiable information, without notice, as described in the first paragraph of this Privacy Policy, provided that such changes shall only apply to information gathered on or after the date of the change.

**How You Can Access and Update Your Email Preferences, Personal Information and Public Information**  
We give you the opportunity to opt-out of certain communications and modify some personal information or demographic information you have provided to us. Please be aware that it may take several hours for the changes you make to take effect. We thank you for your patience. Please note that changing or deleting your information through the "Account Settings" or "My Profile" section of the Site, or otherwise opting-out of receipt of email communications from Checkster LLC, will only change or delete the data in our database for purposes of future activities on the Site and for managing future communications from Checkster LLC. These changes and deletions will not change or delete emails or information that we may have already forwarded to organizations, raters or credit card companies or any other third parties, all as provided above in this privacy policy.

If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, the practices of the Site, or your dealings with the Site, you can contact us at our contact us page.
