> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the checksunlimited.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101230135447id_/http%3A//www.checksunlimited.com/Privacy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

This policy is effective October 23, 2007 and applies to all consumer identifiable information that consumers provide to Checks Unlimited. Checks Unlimited deals only with US banking documents so the website is limited to US residents only.

Protecting privacy is not new to Checks Unlimited. Checks Unlimited has a long history of recognizing and protecting the privacy of consumers. Checks Unlimited is committed to protecting your privacy and utilizing technology that gives you the most powerful, safe, on-line experience available. We want to assure you that when Checks Unlimited asks for consumer information, it's done with the goal of improving our relationship. Checks Unlimited participates in and complies with the Better Business Bureau's (BBB) Privacy Program. More information on the BBB and their Privacy Program is available at [http://www.bbbonline.org](https://www.bbbonline.org/).

The following statements will help you understand how we collect, use and safeguard information you provide to Checks Unlimited.

Internet Specific Information

Information Collection and Use When you browse Checks Unlimited website, you do so without revealing your identity. Personal information, including email address, is not collected without your awareness. For each visitor to our website, our servers recognize the website you came from.

In the order capture process, Checks Unlimited may track the order preferences of visitors to our website. Information tracked and retained by Checks Unlimited is generic and not individually identifiable. This is accomplished through cookies.

Cookies Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. A cookie may contain information (such as unique session ID), that is used to track the pages of the sites you’ve visited. We use cookies but do not store personally identifiable information in your cookies. The Checks Unlimited Website uses cookies in order to improve your shopping experience. This information helps us serve you better by keeping track of your order as you shop at our site and it helps us by improving our site design.

Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can use the majority of the features within our sites. 

Identifying Information You Choose to Provide  At times, Checks Unlimited may request that you voluntarily supply personal information for purposes such as correspondence, site registration, making a purchase, participating in an on-line survey or employment opportunities. If you elect to participate, Checks Unlimited may require personally identifiable information, including your name, mailing address, phone number, bank information, credit card information or email address. When you submit personal information to Checks Unlimited you understand and agree that as allowed by contract Checks Unlimited, our affiliates, and our third party service providers may access, store, and use your information. Checks Unlimited, our affiliates, and our third party service providers may also verify your information for fraud prevention purposes. Information you provide will be safeguarded to strict standards of security and confidentiality. Because Checks Unlimited recognizes and appreciates the importance of responsible use of the information you choose to provide, we do not share email addresses for marketing purposes. Security of Information Security measures are in place on the Checks Unlimited website to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. We offer industry-standard security measures available through your web browser. When you are on our website, the information you provide is encrypted and scrambled en route and decoded once it reaches Checks Unlimited. Please remember that email, which is different from the encrypted sessions above, is not secure. Therefore, we ask that you do not send confidential information such as social security or account numbers to us via unsecured email. Such communications should be sent to us by postal mail or phone.

Checks Unlimited takes steps to require that its vendors, consultants, suppliers, and contractors we hire observe our Privacy Policy with respect to security and the collection, use and exchange of our consumers’ individual consumer information. They are expected to abide by the Privacy Policy when conducting work for us.

Children Visiting Our Website Our website is directed at adult consumers and guests. However, children may access our website and provide information. They may request information concerning our products and services and attempt to order certain products and services. Should children access our website, we are confident that parents will not judge any of the information provided as objectionable for viewing. If you are under 18, you may use the Checks Unlimited website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. Other Websites Linked to Checks Unlimited Website Checks Unlimited is not responsible for the content or information practices employed by sites linked to or from our website. In most cases, links to non-Checks Unlimited websites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of the Checks Unlimited website.

General Business Practices

Disclosure of Individual Consumer Information We are committed to protecting your private information. Checks Unlimited uses the information collected from you to process orders and to provide a more personalized shopping experience. Checks Unlimited may also use your information to communicate with you about products, services, and promotions in the future. For the purposes of check verification and fraud prevention, Checks Unlimited will provide data about our consumers to reputable reference sources and clearinghouse services. Checks Unlimited sometimes merges data with other data it receives from outside vendors to determine more accurate demographic consumer profiles. The information we gather may be used to protect consumers, employees and property against fraud, theft or abuse; to conduct industry or consumer surveys; and to maintain good consumer relations.

Checks Unlimited does not share email addresses for marketing purposes, but may selectively provide names, mailing addresses (not email addresses), and other purchase information (not bank identifiers or account numbers) to reputable third parties (catalog mailers providing consumer products/services, direct mail marketing companies, and non-profit organizations) whose products or services we think may interest you. These third parties are carefully screened and are aware of Checks Unlimited's privacy policy. If you do not want the information you provide Checks Unlimited to be shared with other companies for marketing purposes you have the **Choice to Opt-Out** as detailed below.

Choice to Opt-Out Checks Unlimited provides consumers the opportunity to opt-out of (1) receiving unsolicited mail from Checks Unlimited and/or (2) the sharing of information with other companies for marketing purposes. You may opt-out by calling 1-800-204-2244 and expressing your request. You may also make this request by any other communication option listed below under **Contacting Checks Unlimited**. Correct/Update/Access Checks Unlimited is committed to ensuring that the information we obtain and use about consumers is accurate. You can help us maintain the accuracy of information previously provided or information we may have collected by informing us of changes or modifications through the **Contacting Checks Unlimited** methods described below, or by calling   
1-800-204-2244. Checks Unlimited service representatives are trained to answer consumer questions, and to give consumers reasonable access to the information we have about them. Enforcement Periodically, our operations and business practices are reviewed for compliance with corporate policies and procedures governing the confidentiality of information. These reviews are conducted by internal staff, internal auditors who report directly to the Board of Directors, external auditing and accounting firms and government regulators. Included in these self-assessments and examinations are reviews of the controls and safeguards related to consumer privacy described in our Privacy Policy. Privacy Policy Changes We may change our privacy policy at any time. Any changes to the privacy and security policy will be posted on this website so that you are aware of the information we collect, how we use it, as well as the latest updates on how we maintain the secure portions of our website. Your Acceptance of These Terms By purchasing products or services from Checks Unlimited or using the Checks Unlimited website, you consent to the Privacy Statement for Checks Unlimited . If you do not agree with this policy, please do not purchase from us and do not use our site. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions from this policy at any time. Your continued purchases or continued use of the Checks Unlimited website following the posting of changes to these terms means you accept these changes. Contacting Checks Unlimited  If you would like to request the data stored in your personal file or do not want the information you provide to be shared with other companies for marketing purposes, please contact us at   
1-800-204-2244 or at the address listed below.  Checks Unlimited  
PO Box 19000  
Colorado Springs, CO 80935-9000
