> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the chestnet.org privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170620173549id_/http%3A//www.chestnet.org/About/Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | About - American College of Chest Physicians

**Tracking Activity on Our Website and Within e-Mails**

When you view our website or open a NewsBrief e-Mail from us, we may store some information on your computer in the form of a “cookie.”  A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive, not on this website. Cookies do not spy on you, and they cannot invade your hard drive and steal information. Rather, they help you navigate a website as easily as possible. We use cookies to remember user names, identify user preferences track click streams and for load balancing. Because we use cookies, we can deliver faster service, updated results and a more personalized experience on our site.

Our site may also contain third-party cookies from advertising partners who help serve ads for CHEST and other third parties on our site and elsewhere on the web.

CHEST and our third‑party business partners may also use “web beacons,” “clear gifs,” or similar technologies, which are small pieces of code placed on a web page to monitor the behavior of and collect data about the visitors viewing a web page. For example, web beacons may be used to count the users who visit a web page or to deliver a cookie to the browser of a visitor viewing that page.

We and our third‑party business partners use the information automatically generated by cookies and web beacons, as well as other information that we or they have, to provide you with an optimal website experience. This includes measuring the effectiveness of our ads and your interactions with them and tailoring offers and advertisements to you for products or services you may find helpful on our site and third-party sites.

You have the option of setting your browser to reject cookies. However, doing this likely will hinder your computer’s performance and negatively impact your experience on our website. If cookies are not enabled on your browser, please adjust your security preferences to enable them. See the following link for simple instructions for several types of browsers: www.google.com/support/.

**Collecting Personal Information**

_General Users_ : When you browse our website and do not login or create an account, you browse anonymously. Personally identifiable information—such as your name, address, phone number and e-mail address—is not collected as you browse. We collect only aggregate data on anonymous users, such as the number of hits per page, and use this aggregate data only for internal and/or external marketing purposes.

_CHEST Members and Customers_ : When you become a registered user on our site or interact with our site in other ways—such as subscribing to CHEST publications, purchasing a product, applying for membership, participating in online surveys, submitting questions or comments, or requesting information or materials—we collect select personal information from you. Depending on the product or service you request, we collect different personal details through online forms. Such information may include your name, address, phone number, birth date, billing and delivery information, e-mail address, credit card information and other demographic information. We never collect Social Security numbers, DEA numbers or AMA numbers via our website. In addition, for some e-mails sent in HTML to members through our database mailings and electronic newsletters, we monitor whether a recipient subsequently clicks through to links provided in the message. We use this information to enhance our products and the distribution of products to members.

**Using Personal Information**

_Using Your e-Mail Address_ : We use e-mail to send materials advising of the availability and quality of products, programs and other services, including our supporting foundation, the CHEST Foundation. These mailings might include newsletters and e-mails from program partners.

Member e-mail addresses are included in our online membership directory, which is accessible to every member. You might receive e-mails from other members regarding various matters, such as employment opportunities. We do not monitor or assume any responsibility for member-to-member e-mails. Nonmembers cannot access the online membership directory.

**Using Other Personal Information**

We may use personal information (other than e-mail addresses) that we collect about you for the following internal purposes:

  * Register you for programs and services you have requested
  * Process, fulfill and follow up on your orders or membership application
  * Answer your e-mails or online requests
  * Send information you request
  * Send and process surveys
  * Help ensure that our website is relevant to your needs
  * Deliver newsletters and notices of meetings or events
  * Notify you about new products/services, special offers, upgrades and other related information from CHEST and the CHEST Foundation



**Sharing Personal Information**

We may share personal information with our business partners and other organizations, in order to provide them an opportunity to offer products or services that may be of interest to you. For example, we give exhibitors the names and mailing addresses of preregistrants to our CHEST Annual Meeting, and we sell the names and mailing addresses of subscribers to our journal, _CHEST_. In addition, when we determine, in good faith and using our best judgment, that an organization’s mission is so similar to or aligned with our mission that members could benefit from learning about that organization’s products or services, then we share member mailing addresses or e-mail addresses. We require these parties to use any personally identifiable information only to market and provide their products or services. Except under special circumstances, we allow these parties to use such information only for a one-time e-mailing or mailing.

We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including, but not limited to, packaging, mailing and delivering purchases; consulting services; data modeling; printing; and sending postal mail. We will provide those companies only the information they need to deliver the service. They are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.

In addition, we may disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process served on CHEST or the CHEST Foundation; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of CHEST or the CHEST Foundation; or (c) protect the personal safety of CHEST personnel, CHEST members or members of the public in urgent circumstances.

**Opting Out**

_Opting Out of e-Mails_ : To opt out of any of our e-mail lists, click the “unsubscribe” link at the bottom of the e-mail from us. You can also call CHEST Customer Support at 800/343-2227 to opt out. Keep in mind that an opt-out request will be effective after a reasonable period of time for processing.

_Opting Out of Postal Mailings_ : To opt out of postal mailings, send a written request to CHEST Member Services, via mail to 2595 Patriot Boulevard, Glenview, Illinois 60026 or via e‑mail to CHESTCustomerSupport@chestnet.org.

_Opting Out of Online Membership Directory_ : There is currently no mechanism for members to opt out of inclusion in the online membership directory. However, members may limit the amount of personal information included in the directory. Contact our Membership Department via e‑mail at member@chestnet.org for more information.

**Links to Third-Party Websites**

Our website contains links to websites operated and maintained by third parties, and third-party websites might link to our website. We have no control over third-party sites or their content, and privacy policies on linked sites may be different from our privacy policy. You access linked sites at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy of a linked site before disclosing any personal information.

**Surveys**

From time to time, we request information from users by survey. Participation in surveys is completely voluntary.

**Correcting and Updating Information**

Members may update and correct any information we have on file at any time. A review and update section function is included in the online membership directory on our website and can be reached through your “My Account” page.

**Security**

We take precautions, including use of sophisticated encryption and authentication tools, to protect the security of personal information that you share with us. In addition, many areas of our website require the use of a user ID (or e-mail address) and password (“Credentials”) as an additional security measure to help protect your information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and your browser software might “cache” a page as you look at it, meaning that some pages are saved on your computer’s temporary memory even after you log out to end a secure session. As a result, though we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or from our website, and you do so at your own risk.

It is your responsibility to safeguard and protect your Credentials and to monitor use of your Credentials for all purposes.  You accept all responsibility for maintaining the security of your Credentials and for all use of our site with your Credentials, with or without your knowledge or consent.  You agree to (a) immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your Credentials or any other breach of security; (b) ensure that you log out and exit completely from your account at the end of each session; and (c) notify us immediately if you have lost your Credentials, wish to terminate your access or wish to have your Credentials changed.

**Retaining Personal Information**

We retain personal information regarding members indefinitely, and personal customer data for at least seven years, as dictated by business and legal requirements.

**Credit Card Account Information**

We use credit card information provided, such as credit card numbers, only for billing purposes, to fill orders, to provide services and for meeting registrations. For publication orders and for annual meeting registrations, this may involve providing your credit card number to our designated business partners, who also agree to use your credit card number only to process requested transactions.

**International Users**

If you are visiting our site from outside of the United States, your connection may be made through and to servers located in the United States, your registration, entries and orders placed through our site may be processed in and from the United States, and all information you provide may be processed and maintained in our web servers and internal systems, which may be located within the United States. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, but please be assured that we take steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. By using our services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy. By using our site, you authorize the export of your information to the United States and its storage and use as specified above when you provide such information to us. This Privacy Policy and our legal obligations are subject to the laws of the State of Illinois and the United States, regardless of the location of any user. Any claims or complaints must be filed exclusively in the courts of the United States in Cook County in the State of Illinois.

**Children under 13**

Use of our site and services is strictly limited to persons of legal age in the jurisdictions in which they reside. We do not knowingly solicit data online from, or market online to, children under the age of 13.  In compliance with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, any information that we may receive from an individual who is reasonably believed to be under the age of 13 will be deleted.  If you are under the age of 13, please do not provide any personal information through our site. If you are under the age of 13 and have already provided personal information through our site, please have your parent or guardian contact us immediately using the information above so that we can remove your information from our files.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

**THIS PRIVACY POLICY MAY BE CHANGED AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE.** Continued use of our site after any such change, modification or update constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Policy as so revised or modified. If we decide to change this Privacy Policy, we will post the changes here and/or at other places we deem appropriate. **BY USING OUR SITE, YOU AGREE TO THIS CHANGE PROCEDURE.**
