> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the chessbase.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151219195128id_/http%3A//en.chessbase.com/pages/security) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

[News](https://web.archive.org/) [Shop](http://chessbase-shop.com/en/cat_root?ref=RF73-K3I1E1BK16) [Database](http://database.chessbase.com/) [Playchess.com](http://en.playchess.com/) [Support](https://web.archive.org/pages/support) [Distributors](https://web.archive.org/pages/distributors)

## General

By visiting our website, data pertaining to your access (e.g. date, time, website requested, browser type used, IP address) may be collected on the server. The recording serves technical and statistical purposes.  
If you leave comments, your IP address will be stored permanently. The recording is intended to warrant legal prosecution in case certain comments include illegal content.  
To the extent further personal data (such as email addresses) are collected, we comply with the requirements of the German Federal Data Protection Act and the German Teleservices Act or use such personal data collected with your consent (e.g. when you send us a request).  
Your personal data will only be transferred to third parties to the extent such transfer is required for the purposes of your request or you have consented. You may withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future.  
Our website uses cookies. These are small text files stored in your computer’s main memory. If you revisit our website the browser resends the cookie to the server. This allows us to improve your access to our site. You can prevent storage of cookies by choosing a disabling option in your browser settings. However, this may limit the functionality of our website as a result.

## Google Analytics

Our website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service also referring to cookies. Google Analytics is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.  
The information generated by the cookie is usually transmitted to a Google server in the United States and stored there. Your IP address, however, is previously truncated by Google within member states of the European Union or in other states which are party to the agreement on the European Economic Area. On our behalf, Google will use the transmitted information to evaluate your use of the website, compile reports about website activities, and provide us with further services related to website and Internet usage. The IP address sent from your browser as part of Google Analytics will not be merged with other data by Google.  
You can prevent storage of cookies by appropriately setting your browser software. In addition, you can prevent data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address) from being collected and processed by Google by downloading and installing a browser plug-in from the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. Alternatively, you can click on the following link: javascript:gaOptout(). In such case, an opt-out cookie will be set that hinders future collection of data by Google Analytics when visiting our website.

## Facebook

Our website uses the social plugins provided by the social network facebook.com. The social network is operated by Facebook Inc., 1601 S. California Ave, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA.  
The plugins are identified by respective Facebook logos or descriptions. If you visit a page containing such plugin, your browser sets up a connection to Facebook's servers. The content of the plugin will be transmitted to your browser directly from Facebook and will be implemented into our website. Therefore, we have no influence as to the specific data Facebook collects via the plugins. The following data are collected by Facebook according to our knowledge: By implementing the plugin, Facebook receives the information that a user visits the page. If you are logged in to your Facebook account Facebook can match your page visit to your account. If you use the plugins, e.g. by clicking the "Like" button, the respective information is sent to Facebook and will be stored there. To the extent you are not a Facebook member, Facebook may still collect and store your IP address. According to Facebook's statement, only anonymized IP addresses will be stored in Germany.  
Documentation regarding the purpose and scope of the data collection and use by Facebook as well as your rights and options to modify respective setting can be found at: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.

## Google+

Our website uses the "+1" button provided by the social network Google+. The social network is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA.  
If you visit a page containing such button, your browser sets up a connection to Google's servers. The content of the button will be transmitted to your browser directly from Google and will be implemented into our website. Therefore, we have no influence as to the specific data Google collects via the button. According to Google's statement, no personal data will be collected by merely visiting the page. If you click to the button and you are logged in to your Google+ account, Google will collect and use data such as the IP address.  
Documentation regarding the purpose and scope of the data collection and use by Google as well as your rights and options to modify respective setting can be found at: http://www.google.com/intl/de/+/policy/+1button.html.

## Twitter

Our website uses the buttons provided by the online service Twitter. The service is operated by Twitter Inc., 795 Folsom St., Suite 600, San Francisco, CA 94107, USA.  
If you visit a page containing such buttons, your browser sets up a connection to Twitter's servers. The content of the buttons will be transmitted to your browser directly from Twitter and will be implemented into our website. Therefore, we have no influence as to the specific data Twitter collects via the buttons. According to Twitter's statement, only the website's address and the user's IP address are collected and used for displaying the buttons.  
Documentation regarding the purpose and scope of the data collection and use by Twitter as well as your rights and options to modify respective setting can be found at: http://twitter.com/privacy.

## Deletion, Correction and Inquiries

We delete your personal data when the recording is no longer required for the purpose it was collected for or when the recording is in breach of legal requirements. You have the right to correction of incorrect personal data as well as blocking and deletion of your personal data to the extent no statutory obligation to preserve such data applies.  
We are happy to provide information as to the personal data pertaining to you we have recorded. Please contact the address provided in the imprint of this website.
