> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the niche.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-12-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181222084000id_/https%3A//about.niche.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – Niche

This Privacy Policy was last updated on April 24, 2018 and applies to the Niche.com, Inc. (“Niche” or “we” or “us”) websites located at niche.com and related sub-domains as well as online services that include, but are not limited to, email newsletters, online content, scholarship listings, mobile applications and various medium or devices now known or hereafter developed (collectively, the “Niche Services”). Continued access to the Niche Services by you will constitute your acceptance of any changes or revisions to the Privacy Policy, which we may post from time to time. If you do not agree with the Privacy Policy, please do not use the Niche Services. This policy does not cover information collected on any third-party site to which the Niche Services link. Your use of the Niche Services is also subject to our [Terms of Use](https://about.niche.com/terms/). If you access the Niche Services through Facebook, you may be required to read and accept the Facebook terms of service and privacy policy.

## How does Niche collect my information?

**Information related to your Niche account:** Information collected in the Niche account registration process may include, among other things, name, address, e-mail address, phone number, age, citizenship, details of academic and work history, work place, preferences and goals related to the Niche Services, and other information entered into the user account. If you register for a Niche account using a third party application such as Facebook, you agree that Niche may access certain information from your profile on that application to establish your Niche user profile. If you provide personal information through the registration process, including if Niche accesses such information when you register through a third party application, you consent to the use of that information in accordance with the policies and practices described in this Privacy Policy.

Visitors to the Niche Services will not be able to view your personal contact information, such as your full name, email address, mailing address, and phone number. No other user is able to edit and update your account information. It is our intention to give access to your account only to the authorized representatives of schools, work places, and other entities you designate whose services relate to the Niche Services (“Representative(s)”), but we cannot guarantee that others will not, without our consent, access this data. You may opt out of any future usage of your Niche account from our database at any time; however, a Representative may have saved a copy of your account and account-related information before it was deleted. Except as otherwise expressly set forth in this Privacy Policy, we are not responsible for the retention, use or privacy of accounts.

**Information related to your use of the Niche Services:** If you choose to use or request certain Niche Services, you may be asked to provide additional personally identifiable information. For example, if you apply for or win a scholarship contest, you may be asked for information such as high school graduation year in order for Niche to share with schools you have expressed affirmative interest in.

**Information collected automatically:** In addition, when you visit and interact with the Niche Services, certain information may be collected automatically, including but not limited to, your computer’s IP address, device ID, location, your browser type, and web pages visited. Please also see our discussion of the use of cookies and other automatic collection technologies below.

## How does Niche use and disclose my information?

**Disclosure related to selected outside companies and schools:** Niche may sell or transfer your personal information to selected outside companies, including Edvisors, its affiliates, or schools or work places (each a “Provider”)  in accordance with the contact preference you set in your user profile or in response to any affirmative authorization you provide, such as selecting “Yes I’m interested, tell this school” or “Yes, I’m interested, tell this work place.”  In certain cases, we may ask on behalf of Providers for your express written consent to receive marketing autodialed or pre-recorded calls or text messages at a phone number you designate and from a particular Provider that you indicate an interest in.  Your consent to such requests is not required as a condition for use of the Niche Services and you can opt out from such calls or texts at any time by following the instructions in such calls or text messages or by contacting the particular Provider directly.  Standard message and data rates may apply to these calls or texts based on your plan.

**Use and disclosure related to services and service providers:** The information that you provide to us and information collected about your visit to the Niche Services may be retained, used and disclosed by Niche in order to provide, analyze and maintain Niche Services and to provide additional information about Niche and its Providers whose products or services we feel may be of use to you. We may, on occasion, email you regarding features of the Niche Services.

The term “Providers” does not include our suppliers or service providers who help us maintain, operate, deliver or improve the Niche Services, and we may disclose your personal information to such parties so long as they agree to keep any personally identifiable information confidential. In addition, we contract with certain third parties to help manage and optimize the Niche Services, such as our websites. These companies may use web beacons and cookies to help us learn things like what pages are most attractive to our visitors, which of our products most interest our customers, and what kinds of offers our customers like to see, enabling us to enhance your experience on the Niche Services. Such suppliers or service providers may use the information provided only in the course of providing services to Niche. If you would like more information about this practice, you can e-mail [support@niche.com](mailto:support@niche.com).

In the event we sell our company, or otherwise transfer any of our assets, we may provide your personal information to the purchaser so that you may continue to receive the Niche Services. In addition, Niche may disclose personally identifiable information if we believe that such action is appropriate to (1) comply with the law or with legal process; (2) protect and defend our rights and property; (3) protect against misuse or unauthorized use of any Niche Services; or (4) protect the personal safety, property, or rights of our users or the public.

## What are my choices and can I opt out?

If, at some point after giving Niche your personally identifiable information, you do not wish to continue to receive additional information from Niche about Niche and its Providers, in general, you may opt out by emailing [support@niche.com](mailto:support@niche.com) and put the words “remove my name” in the subject line of your email; in the case of our email newsletters, you may opt out by clicking on the “opt out” link at the end of each email.  If you agree to receive autodialed or pre-recorded calls and/or text messages from a Provider and later wish to opt-out, you should follow the direction in such call(s) or text message(s) or contact the school directly.

For information on how you may be able to opt out of online advertising, see below: What are “cookies and “pixel tags” and how does Niche use them?

## How do I update and correct my information?

You can correct or update your personally identifiable information by re-registering, by updating your Niche application profile or by contacting us at [support@niche.com](mailto:support@niche.com).

## What are “cookies” and “pixel tags” and how does Niche use them?

Cookies are pieces of information that are placed by a website in a storage place on your computer.  Cookies are placed on your computer or mobile device in a limited way to help deliver advertisements, to calculate unique site visitors, and to track usage throughout our sites. Other uses include placement of cookies to make the login process more convenient for users of the Niche Services. You may be able to turn off cookies through your browser settings, but some of the Niche Services and their features may not be accessible or may not function properly.  You should consult the “help” feature on your browser for more information.

Pixel tags – tiny graphic images – are used to help us analyze your online behavior. Pixel tags also allow us to send you email in a format you can read and let us know when you have opened an email message from us. We may use pixel tags to collect information about your visit, including the pages you view, the links you click and other actions taken in connection with our sites and services. We also collect certain standard information that your browser sends to every website you visit, such as your IP address, device ID, location, browser type and language, access times and referring website addresses.

We participate in online advertising networks. These networks may use cookies to collect anonymous information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We do not permit these companies to collect your account information (name, address, email address or telephone number).

Many of the advertisements you see on our sites are served by Niche or its service providers. But we also allow third parties to collect information about your online activities through cookies and pixel tags. These third parties include (1) businesses, who collect information when you view or interact with one of their advertisements on our sites, and (2) advertising networks that collect information about your interest when you view or interact with one of the advertisements they place on many different sites on the Internet. The information gathered by these third parties is used to make predictions about your characteristics, interest or preferences and to display advertisements on our sites and across the Internet tailored to your apparent interests. Please note that we do not have access to or control over cookies or pixel tags these third parties may use to collect information about your interests, and the information practices of these third parties are not covered by this Privacy Policy.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads and collect information when users visit our site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements on our site, other websites and other forms of media about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, check out: [Consumer Opt-out](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp), [Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/), [Truste Advertising Choices](http://preferences-mgr.truste.com/), and [Consumer Choice](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/). We may share anonymous user browsing information on niche.com with our partners, who may in turn communicate with users via advertisements on display ad networks.

## How does Niche protect my information?

Niche follows generally accepted industry security standards to safeguard, help prevent unauthorized access of, maintain data security of, and correctly use your personally identifiable information. However, no commercial method of information transfer over the Internet or electronic data storage is known to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of your information during its transmission or its storage in our systems.

## Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act

The Niche Services and related websites are intended for general audiences and are not directed to children under 13 years of age. No one under the age of 13 should provide any personal information, and Niche does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child may send an email message to [support@niche.com](mailto:support@niche.com) with “Request for Child Information Removal” on the subject line and the name and age of the child in the body of the message. We will then terminate the applicable account and make reasonable efforts to delete the child’s information from our database.

## California Privacy Rights

Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, California residents who provide personal information in obtaining products or services for personal, family or household use are entitled to request and obtain from us once a calendar year information about the customer information we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. If applicable, this information would include the categories of customer information and the names and addresses of those businesses with which we shared customer information for the immediately prior calendar year (e.g., requests made in 2013 will receive information regarding 2012 sharing activities).

To obtain this information from Niche, please send an email message to [support@niche.com](mailto:support@niche.com) with “Request for California Privacy Information” on the subject line and in the body of your message. We will provide the requested information to you at your e-mail address in response. Not all information sharing is covered by the “Shine the Light” requirements, and only information on covered sharing will be included in our response.

## Use Outside of the United States

The Niche Services are operated in the United States under United States law. We do not intentionally offer goods and services to individuals outside of the United States.  If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to and stored in the United States or other countries that may have data privacy laws that are less protective than the laws where you reside. By using the Niche Services or by providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.

## Who can I contact for more information?

If you have questions about Niche’s information privacy practices and this Privacy Policy, you can contact Niche as follows:

_Niche.com, Inc._  
5830 Ellsworth Avenue  
Suite 101  
Pittsburgh, PA. 15232  
Email: [support@niche.com](mailto:support@niche.com)
