> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nickjr.tv privacy policy that was archived on 2002-11-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021127022057id_/http%3A//www.tv/en-def-5416f8dff99c/en/policies/privacy.shtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# The .tv Corporation: Privacy Statement

**The .tv Corporation Privacy Policy**  
(updated August 19, 2002)

**To whom does the Privacy Policy apply?**  
It is important to The .tv Corp. that all persons who utilize our web site located at www.tv (the "Site") and all persons who register domain names understand what information we collect and how we use it. The .tv Corp. operates in two separate capacities - as the registry for all web addresses that end in .tv and as a domain name registrar for .tv, .cc, .name, .info, and .biz domain names. In its capacity as the registry for all web addresses that end in .tv, The .tv Corp. maintains a database related to each .tv web address and enables the resolution of .tv domain names through a network of domain name servers. In its capacity as a domain name registrar, The .tv Corp. offers a domain name registration service for many top-level domains, including .tv, .cc, .name, .info, and .biz and also provides other ancillary products and services (the "Service") to customers utilizing our Site. 

The .tv Corp. is committed to protecting your privacy in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to [customercare@www.tv](mailto:customercare@www.tv). Please read on for further details. 

**What information do we collect as a registrar from users of the Site or customers of the Service? How do we use "cookies? How do we use the information we collect?**  
In our capacity as a registrar, we are required by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers ("ICANN"), the organization which assumes responsibility for domain name registration, to collect information about you, including up-to-date, accurate and complete contact details. When you use our Service, The .tv Corp.we asks for your first and last name, organization, city, state/province, zip code (or country and postal code for non-U.S. residents), country, telephone number, e-mail address, and credit card information. We may use this personally identifiable information (excluding credit card information) to contact you about your account or other matters relating to the Service, such as to inform you about new features on our Site. We may also use this personally identifiable information to send you our newsletter or e-mail messages regarding products or services we think you might be interested in. (See below for instructions on how you can "opt out" of our newsletter or these e-mail messages.) These communications are essential to our relationship with you and to our ability to provide you with quality products and services that are responsive to your needs. At the same time, these communications, and your responses to them, give us helpful insights about you, your preferences and the ways in which we might improve our services. We therefore may maintain this information for future use. 

Like many other commercial web sites, our Site employs a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how our Site is used, such as which pages are the most frequently visited by our customers. "Cookies" are small pieces of electronic information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies enable our systems to recognize your browser and provide personalized information and features such as pre-populated address forms and storage of selected items in your Shopping Cart between visits. Cookies are required for normal website functionality, and most web browsers automatically accept cookies, although you can usually change your browser to deactivate cookies by modifying your computer browser preferences. If you choose to deactivate cookies, please note that deactivation of cookies will sometimes hinder your ability to use the Service. If any cookie contains personally identifying information, we protect our cookies with encryption technology.Through the use of cookies, we take note of whether and how you use the information and services that we provide, such as by recording site traffic patterns and by maintaining log files of your access to various parts of the Site. We may collect the information passed along by your web browser that references the Web URL you linked from, the time, type of web browser being used, screen size, Internet speed of connection, the operating system/platform, and CPU speed. This information may be used to identify demographic trends and to provide information tailored to your interests. 

Cookies may also be utilized by third parties who advertise or provide links on the Site. Due to the way the Internet technically operates, The .tv Corp. cannot control the data collection activities by such third-party advertisers or linked web sites. These companies may use information about your visit to this Web site and other sites, such as the number of times you have viewed an ad (but not your name, address, or other personal information), to serve ads to you on this site and other sites. In addition, we use clear GIFs, or pixel tags, provided by third-party ad server, to help manage our online advertising. These clear GIFs enable our ad serving company to recognize a browser's cookie when a browser visits this site. This allows us to learn which banner ads bring users to our Web site. The information we collect and share through this technology is not personally identifiable. You should contact these advertisers or web site operators if you have any questions about their use of the information they collect. If you would like more information about these practices and to know your choices about not having your information used by these companies, [please click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/optout_nonppii.asp). Also, if you register a .tv web address through another registrar, you may receive a cookie from that registrar, but you will not receive a cookie from us. 

**What information do we collect as the registry for .tv web addresses? How do we use the information we collect?**  
As the registry for the .tv TLD, we compile and maintain a registration database that includes basic information about each domain name registered with us, including the names, telephone numbers, addresses and e-mail addresses of individuals designated as points of contact for a given domain name. Some of this information is provided by third party registrars of .tv domain names with respect to customers registering .tv domain names through such registrars. Except as otherwise agreed, The .tv Corp. may use this registration database information in the same manner as information collected from our registrar customers on the Site. 

**How does The .tv Corp. protect my information?**  
The information we receive from or about you is stored on systems designed to prevent the loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of that information. We also encrypt your transmission of sensitive information to us (e.g., credit card numbers, account passwords) in the interest of heightened privacy protection and information integrity. While we use industry standard security practices, no transmission or storage on the Internet is completely secure. 

**Will The .tv Corp. disclose the information it collects to outside parties?**  
As the registry for all .tv web addresses, we may make certain information about you available to the general public via our domain name look-up and directory "whois" service (e.g., name, address, telephone and e-mail of the Registrant). As an accredited registrar, ICANN requires us to make your contact details, as well as the creation and expiration dates of your domain name registration and the nameserver information associated with your domain name, available to the public domain name director or "whois" service. We may not be able to control how members of the public may use the information provided via the "whois" service. Additionally, we may share information we collect or you provide, with our subsidiaries and other parties selected by us, including with the parties or in the circumstances described below: 

  1. Agents or vendors who are responsible for handling your Account or performing other necessary services that you or we require. Although we may share sensitive financial information (i.e., credit card numbers, banking information), security information (e.g., account passwords) and personal communications (e.g., personal e-mail messages or message board postings) with such agents or vendors, we do so only where necessary and appropriate, such as to provide customer service or process services you ordered through the Site. 
  2. Business partners whose services you may request or access on or through our Site. An example of this would be VeriSign, Inc., a web hosting company whose service you may request through your Account Manager. 
  3. Business partners or vendors who we believe offer products or services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want to receive such offers, please contact [customercare@www.tv](mailto:customercare@www.tv). 
  4. In response to formal requests (e.g., subpoena or court order) made in connection with litigation or arbitration proceedings, or as reasonably necessary to (i) cooperate with law enforcement agencies or otherwise comply with local, state or federal law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of The .tv Corp, our users, or others. 
  5. Transfer of ownership of our business or a part of our business. If our business or a part of our business is acquired, sold or transferred to another business, customer information may be a part of that acquisition, sale or transfer. 



**How can you opt out?**  
If you do not want us to share personally identifiable information about you with our business partners or vendors, you may send us an e-mail at [customercare@www.tv](mailto:customercare@www.tv). If you wish to be removed from our e-mail subscription list, you may "opt out" before registering a domain name, or, if you forget, you can reply to the link at the bottom of an e-mail or newsletter you receive from us and request to be removed from the list. You may not opt out from having your personal information displayed in our "whois" database. Furthermore, some information is not completely removed from our databases because our systems are periodically backed-up. 

**How do I correct or change Account or Contact Information that I have given to The .tv Corp.?**  
You may update this information at any time through your Account Manager at [www.tv](http://www.tv/). If you have any questions about correcting or updating your information, please contact us at [customercare@www.tv](mailto:customercare@www.tv). 

**Your consent**  
By registering a Web address, you consent to the collection and use of information by through The .tv Corp. site in conformance with the most recently posted Privacy Policy. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. 

We share web site usage information about visitors to our Web site with a third party for the purpose of targeting our Internet banner advertisements on this site and other sites. To do this, we use Web cookies, provided by our third-party ad server, on this site. The information we collect and share through this technology is not personally identifiable. For more information about our third-party ad server, or to learn your choices about not having this non-personal information used, please [click here](http://www.doubleclick.net/us/corporate/privacy). 
