> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nickjr.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-01-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20020126131718id_/http%3A//www.nickjr.com/grownups/common/footer/privacy_policy.jhtml) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Nick Jr. Parents--Play to Learn with Blue's Clues, Dora the Explorer, Little Bill and More!

****  
**NickJr.com Privacy Policy**  


NickJr.com is committed to providing quality online activities and information to parents of preschoolers. While we encourage the interactive nature of online media, we strive to promote the online safety and privacy of our users. 

**Information Collection Policies  
**NickJr.com’s target audience is parents of preschoolers (excluding the Playtime area, which is intended for preschoolers and their parents and which is governed by special information collection policies--please see below for more on the Playtime area) and the design, content and language, as well as our activities, target a parent audience. We do request personally identifiable information from parents who choose to participate in certain activities available on NickJr.com, as described below. If we were to discover that a child submitted personally identifiable information, NickJr.com would delete the information immediately. 

**Registered Membership**  
NickJr.com provides registered membership for our parent audience. In order to participate in our registered member activities, we ask users to submit personal information (e.g. full name, e-mail address, zip code, birthday.) All such personal information is collected for the purpose of providing our users access to NickJr.com's registered members activities. Once registered, users can participate in registered member activities such as newsletters, message boards, NickJr.com advisory board (where members will be contacted by NickJr.com for feedback and opinions on various subjects), registered member sweepstakes (refers to those sweepstakes that are open only to registered members; for sweepstakes that are open to all grown-up users, please see "General Activities: Online Sweepstakes" section below) and "Third Party" offers (the opportunity for registered members to receive information concerning discounts and special offers sent by either NickJr.com on behalf of or in partnership with other third party businesses selected by NickJr.com or directly by such third parties.) At any time after the registration process, registered members can choose to discontinue participating in some of the registered member activities (e.g. newsletters, NickJr.com advisory board, “Third Party" offers) or altogether unregister by electing to unsubscribe to such activity, which option can be found at the end of each NickJr.com correspondence sent to users. 

* **Use of Registered Members Information**  
All information collected during the registration process is used for the purpose of providing our users access to NickJr.com's registered members activities and such information may be shared with third parties in the following manner. In connection with registered members who have selected to opt into “Third Party” offers, NickJr.com shares and transfers the personal information collected from our registered members with and to third party businesses selected by NickJr.com to sponsor and/or fulfill our “Third Party” offers and such third parties will be authorized to send notifications and information regarding discounts and offers provided by the third party business directly to registered members. In addition, any information supplied to a third party may be retained by such third party and will be out of the control of NickJr.com. 

**General Activities**  


* **Online Contests and Sweepstakes**  
NickJr.com offers parents the opportunity to enter contests and sweepstakes. NickJr.com may ask for information such as parent's first name, parent's e-mail address, parent's birth date, child's first name and birth date and in some instances, NickJr.com may collect telephone numbers for certain types of contests. NickJr.com uses this information for purpose of conducting the contests and sweepstakes and does not (except as set forth herein) disclose such information externally to third parties, except with a fulfillment house which NickJr.com uses to help select winners and fulfill prizes and, in some cases, with third-party sponsors. From time to time, NickJr.com may offer contests and sweepstakes sponsored by third party businesses and may share with such third party businesses entrant information collected by NickJr.com. In these types of contests and sweepstakes, NickJr.com will disclose to potential entrants that such information will be so supplied and the identity of the third party to whom such information will be supplied at the time entrant information is collected and will provide potential entrants with the opportunity to opt out of such third party sponsored contests and sweepstakes. However, any information supplied to a third party may be retained by such third party and will be out of the control of NickJr.com. Entrants of NickJr.com contests and sweepstakes have the opportunity to opt-in (by indicating so on the entry form) to become subscribers of the NickJr.com newsletter and to receive other email special announcements and promotions. Please see "Electronic Newsletter and Special Announcements Subscription" below. The personal information collected from those entrants who have chosen to opt-in to the Electronic Newsletter and Special Announcements Subscription shall be maintained by NickJr.com. For those who elect not to opt-in, and/or entrants who have not been selected as winners, NickJr.com will delete personal information collected on the online entry forms from its system, however, personal information collected online from contests and sweepstakes winners may be maintained by NickJr.com and may be shared with third parties for fulfillment purposes, as described above, as well as internally. Entrant’s decision not to opt-in will not affect eligibility for contests and sweepstakes and will not impact your chances of winning. 
* **Electronic Newsletter and Special Announcements Subscription**  
NickJr.com provides parents the opportunity to receive e-mails containing the NickJr.com Newsletter, along with other Special Announcements pertaining to NickJr.com. These e-mails will provide subscribers with NickJr.com information updates, announcements, and promotions. We request no personally identifiable information from the parent except his/her e-mail address, which we use solely for the purpose of sending the e-mails. The e-mail address provided to NickJr.com may be transferred, disclosed, or shared with third parties who may be engaged by us specifically to handle the preparation and delivery of the e-mails and perform other related technical and processing functions. At anytime after the signup process, parents can choose to discontinue their subscriptions to NickJr.com's Newsletter and Special Announcements altogether by electing to unsubscribe, through the unsubscribe option found at the end of each NickJr.com e-mail sent to users.
*  **E-mail**  
NickJr.com provides parents the opportunity to send e-mail to us. We request no personally identifiable information from the parent except his/her first name and e-mail address, which we use solely for the purpose of responding to questions. The grown-up's first name and e-mail address are deleted from our system periodically.
*  **Electronic Postcards & Games**  
NickJr.com gives parents the opportunity to send "electronic postcards" to friends and family. We ask the user to submit the first name and e-mail addresses of their friends and family. NickJr.com uses this information only for the purpose of sending the postcards. The friend's e-mail address is deleted immediately from our system. 

**“Nick Jr. Playtime” Area**  
The “Nick Jr. Playtime” area on NickJr.com (the “Playtime area”) is an area of our site where parents can enjoy quality online entertainment with their preschool-aged children. This area includes Games, Stories, Music, Art, Shows and other activities, the design, content and language of which are targeted to preschoolers. The Playtime area is fully compliant with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act of 1998. 

It is our policy in the Playtime area to require only the minimal collection of information from our visitors. Consistent with this policy, the Playtime area of NickJr.com limits the collection of information from kids to what is known as non-personally identifiable information (e.g. first name). Other than the collection of such non-personally identifiable information, we do not collect personal information from our users in the Playtime area. As such, we do not share any personal information about our users in the Playtime area with any third parties. In addition, we do not condition a kid’s participation in any games or other online activities contained in the Playtime area on the disclosure of more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in the activity. Lastly, we provide a "bumper page" at certain points in the Playtime area of our site to let users know when they are entering an area that is limited to parents and we also provide a "bumper page" when linking from the Playtime area to an advertiser's site or other websites, which may have their own information practices that are different from ours, in order to let users know they are going to an advertiser's site or other Web sites.

 **Use of Information**  
At NickJr.com, we may share aggregate information about our users with both our affiliated businesses (e.g. Nickelodeon Research) and externally with third parties, such as advertisers and business partners. We may also share personal information about our users with our affiliated businesses and with third parties who may have their own disclosure practices. However, it is our policy to not disclose externally with third parties personal information collected on our site, except in the following instances: 

* **Third Party Businesses**  
The information collected by NickJr.com from our registered members may be shared with third parties. Please see “Use of Registered Members Information” above.
*  **Agents**  
The personal information provided to NickJr.com may be transferred, disclosed or shared with third parties who may be engaged by us specifically to handle and deliver certain activities ( e.g., message boards, sweepstakes, e-cards, newsletters, advisory board) and perform other technical and processing functions, such as sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from registration lists, programming, providing user services to our users, or otherwise operating our site. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. 
* **Business Transfers**  
In the event that all or substantially all of the assets relating to NickJr.com are transferred or sold to another entity, personally identifiable information may be transferred to the acquiring entity. 
* **Online Contests and Sweepstakes**  
In addition to the fulfillment houses to whom NickJr. may supply personal information collected from contests and sweepstakes entrants for the purpose of helping NickJr.com select winners and fulfill prizes, NickJr.com may supply third-party sponsors with personal information collected from contests and sweepstakes entrants in connection with certain online contests and sweepstakes. In each such case, NickJr.com will disclose to potential entrants that such information will be supplied to a third party, and the identity of such third party, at the time entrant information is collected. Please see “General Activities: Online Contests and Sweepstakes” above. 
* **Special Cases**  
We may also disclose personally identifiable information to third parties when required by law or is pertinent to judicial or government investigations or proceedings, or otherwise necessary to protect our Web site or the safety of its users. 

Other than as set forth above, we do not at present intend to use your personal information for other purposes. However, in the future we may disclose personal information you have provided to third parties for additional purposes and in the event we do, we will provide notices of such use to our users.

 **Cookies and Log Data**  
Cookies are information files that your web browser places on the hard drive of your computer when you visit a website. Cookies cannot damage user files, nor can they read information from a user's hard drive. Cookies allow websites to "remember" users activities on a website as well as users visits to a site. At NickJr.com, cookies are used to determine the number of unique visitors to our website over a given period. We do not store any personal information into cookies nor do we link or combine information collected through cookies to any personal information submitted by users when participating in our activities. Log data collected on web servers both within NickJr.com's control and under the control of NickJr.com's third party ad service provider, who is required to maintain such data on a confidential basis, supplies NickJr.com with aggregate information about the number of visits to different pages on our site. NickJr.com uses such aggregate information to improve access to our content based on our visitors' browsers and operating system types to make our content available to as many users as possible. We do not link the "log data" collected to personally identifiable information submitted by users when participating in our activities.

 **Security**  
NickJr.com has taken steps to ensure that personally identifiable information collected is secure, including limiting the number of people who have physical access to our database servers as well as electronic security systems and password protections which guard against unauthorized access.

 **Questions/Concerns?**  
If you have any questions regarding NickJr.com's privacy policy, please contact us at:  
NickJr.Com Privacy Coordinator  
NickJr.  
1515 Broadway  
New York, New York 10036  
(212) 846-2543  
NickJrprivacy@nickonline.com  


NickJr.com is intended for domestic visitors and, consequently, is specifically directed towards residents of the United States. 

This policy, like the online medium itself, is subject to change. 

This page was last updated on 11/12/01. 
