> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lifepics.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-06-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20080623003010id_/http%3A//lifepics.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LifePics PrPrivacy Policy

It is the policy of LifePics, Inc. to respect the privacy of individuals who visit the website, make purchases and/or provide comments to us. We collect addresses, names and other identifying and contact information from users of our website in order to correspond with customers about any questions relating to orders placed. Occasionally we may use this information to send users information about specials and promotions that LifePics (or its participating dealers) may be passing along to customers. You may choose not to receive this information by de-selecting the option to receive specials and promotions. We may also collect identifying information about you through a log of all traffic on our website. Our purpose for collecting the information is to analyze the use of our website and improve its format and functionality. We may on occasion provide aggregate demographical information about website users or purchasers to third parties, such as suppliers or advertisers, but such information does not identify specific individuals. We do not currently use any personally identifiable information for any purpose other than those we have described here, for example we do not sell or rent any personally identifiable information about our users to any third party. LifePics, Inc. does reserve the right to provide user information to third parties when required to comply with U.S. law or legal procedure, to protect LifePics, Inc.'s rights or property, and in emergency situations if physical safety or health is at issue. 

LifePics, Inc. has no intention of collecting any personal information from individuals under 13 without parental consent. We request that children under 13 not place orders or otherwise submit information without direct parental involvement. 
