> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lifeselector.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-08-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180822160913id_/https%3A//lifeselector.com/site/privacypolicy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# LifeSelector - Site - Privacypolicy

TERMS OF SERVICE (TERMS OF MEMBERSHIP) You must read and agree to these terms and conditions. By joining lifeselector.com, you are agreeing to these terms and conditions, and are agreeing to be legally bound by them. This agreement is subject to change by lifeselector.com at any time. Changes are effective when posted on this site without notice upon each subscriber. 1\. Legal definitions "Member" or "Membership", as referred to in this document shall mean: The subscriber or User the holder of a valid username and password for the site during the term of membership. "Site," as referred to in this document shall mean: The site for which you are purchasing a username (email address) and password (user-id) from lifeselector.com in order to access that site and its materials and benefits of membership. "Subscriber," as referred to in this document shall mean: The End-user, Consumer, of the services of the site and holder of a valid username (email address) and password (user-id) for the site. "User-id," as referred to in this document shall mean: The combination of unique username (email address) and password that is sold by lifeselector.com and used to access the site. 2\. Description of services lifeselector.com will provide one username to access the site and its contents for which you are purchasing credits to. 3\. Bookmarking Subscriber agrees that at any time they will not bookmark any page to the site that will allow the subscriber to bypass the terms and conditions of the site upon entering. If such a bookmark exists, said bookmark will constitute full agreement to said terms and conditions as well as to admission that subscriber is of legal age of majority in their state, country or region. 4\. Authorization of Use All memberships are provided for personal use and shall not be used for any commercial purposes or by any commercial entities. Commercial use of either the site or any material found within is strictly prohibited. No material within the site may be transferred to any other person or entity, whether commercial or non-commercial. In addition, materials may not be modified, or altered. Materials may not be displayed publicly, or used for any rental, sale, or display. Materials shall extend to copyright, trademarks, or other proprietary notices there from. lifeselector.com and the site reserve the right to terminate this license at any time if the terms of this agreement are breached. In the case that the terms are breached, you will be required to immediately destroy any information or material printed, downloaded or otherwise copied from the site. 5\. Copyright Infringement / DMCA / Legal Consequences lifeselector.com takes copyright infringement and the use of unlicensed materials extremely seriously. Since the U.S. Congress passed the DMCA (Digital Millennium Copyright Act) in 1998 we have the legal power in our hands to make everyone responsible who is knowingly using, publishing, transmitting etc. copyrighted material as described in the Act. We will make sure that those who commit copyright infringement will be identified and made responsible for their actions. Our team of expert attorneys will use every legal tool available to make an example of each case to understand the weight of their actions. Furthermore, we will make sure that the user's credit card, IP address will be logged to blacklist and prevent him from using the services in the future. Any user committing such acts will have to face ALL legal consequences and will have to indemnify lifeselector.com for all damages caused. 6\. Transfer of User-id Access to the site is through a combination of a username (email address) and a password (user-id). Subscribers may not under any circumstances release their user-id to any other person, and are required to keep his or her user-id strictly confidential. lifeselector.com will not release passwords for any reason, to anyone other than the subscriber, except as may be specifically required by law or court order. Unauthorized access to the site is a breach of this Agreement and a violation of law. Subscribers acknowledge that the Webmaster of the site may track through the use of special software each subscriber's entry to the site. If any breach of security, theft or loss of user-id, or unauthorized disclosure of user-id occurs, subscriber must immediately notify lifeselector.com or the site of said security breach. Subscriber will remain liable for unauthorized use of service until lifeselector.com or the site is notified of the security breach by email. 7\. Privacy Policy lifeselector.com will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. lifeselector.com collects information to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content and advertising. We respect your privacy and do not share your information with anyone. Aggregated Information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. For example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to help enhance our site and services (e.g., to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive). Aggregated Information may occasionally be shared with our advertisers and business partners. Again, this information does not include any Personally Identifiable Information about you or allow anyone to identify you individually. We may use Personally Identifiable Information collected by lifeselector.com to communicate with you about your registration or membership and customization preferences; our Terms of Service and privacy policy; services and products offered by lifeselector.com and other topics we think you might find of interest. Personally Identifiable Information collected by lifeselector.com may also be used for other purposes, including but not limited to site administration, troubleshooting, processing of e-commerce transactions and other communications with you. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web hosting service and credit card processing for example) may access such information. We will use your information only as permitted by law. 8\. Sanction and Approval of Adult Material This site was designed to be used and viewed solely by people who are at least 18 years of age (or 21 in some areas where needed), who wish to access visual images, audio sounds, and verbal descriptions of a sexually oriented and frankly erotic nature. Materials available within this site may include depictions that are visually graphic in nature and portrayals of nudity or sexual acts and should not be accessed be anyone who is not least 18 years of age (or 21 in some areas where needed), by anyone who finds such material offensive in nature, or by anyone who simply does not wish to be exposed to such materials. By purchasing a membership or user-id, you are implicitly making the following statements: "I affirm and swear that as of this moment, under penalty of Perjury, that I am at least 18 years of age (or 21 in some areas where needed). I will not permit any persons under the age of 18 years (or 21 in some areas where needed) to view or access in any way any materials found on this website. I understand that by accessing this website, I will be exposed to materials that may include but are not limited to, visual images, audio sounds, and verbal descriptions of a sexually oriented and frankly erotic nature, portrayals of nudity, and sexual acts. I affirm that I am not offended by such materials, and that such materials are legal in my community. I am volunteering to view, hear, and access such materials on my own volition, and I choose to do so because I want to view/read/hear or otherwise access such materials for my own enjoyment, information or entertainment. My choice is a manifestation of my interest in such matters, which is healthy and normal, and is also held by most adults in my area. I am completely familiar with the standards held in my community, and the material I expect to access in this site fall within these standards. In my experience, the average adult in my community accepts the consumption of such materials by willing adults in circumstances such as this, which offer reasonable insulation from the materials for minors, and unwilling adults. Adults in my community will accept the standards displayed within this site, and will not find any of the material patently offensive." 9\. Supplementary Terms and conditions The site may have additional Terms and Conditions that are an integral part of this Agreement, and are in addition to these Terms and Conditions. Such Terms and Conditions as listed at the site will in no way invalidate any of the Terms and Conditions listed here. All Terms listed apply to lifeselector.com, the site, and the subscriber. I agree to the terms and conditions specified by the site linked to this page. 10\. Severability If any provision of this Agreement shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions shall continue to be valid and enforceable. If a court finds that any of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, but that by limiting such provision it would become valid or enforceable, then such provision shall be deemed to be written, construed, and enforced as so limited. 11\. Notice Notices by the site to subscribers may be given by means of electronic messages through the site, by a general posting on the site, or via email. 12\. General Recommendations We recommend to print out all transaction data and the Terms and Conditions and to keep them in an easily accessible place. 13\. Questions and Contact Information All questions to lifeselector.com regarding these terms and conditions must be directed to our help desk via a support ticket: http://lifeselector.com/support/display/section/select/welcome 14\. Cancellation There are no recurring charges on our credit based websites, therefore it is not necessary to cancel the account if you'd simply like to discontinue using the service. Despite this, if you want to erase your account it will be done so if you submit a cancellation request to our Customer Service (https://lifeselector.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new) In case of our subscription based sites recurring charges can be canceled anytime if you submit a cancellation request to our Customer Service. (https://lifeselector.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new) The non-recurring lifetime membership concerns the lifespan of the interface the site provides. This means that the special offer you received entitles you for unlimited access to the content available on the site from the day of the purchase until the permanent complete shutdown of the interface. In case of a future permanent shutdown, please direct any complaints to our Customer Service (https://lifeselector.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new) agents and your remarks will be considered accordingly to the history of your account. 15\. Refund policy You may request a one-time refund for the services purchased for this website if you are not satisfied or for any reason within 90 days. To request a refund, please contact our Customer Service (https://lifeselector.zendesk.com/hc/en-us/requests/new) All refunds will be credited solely to the payment method used in the original transaction. Refunds will not be issued by cash, check, or to another credit card. lifeselector.com PRIVACY POLICY lifeselector.com will never share, sell, or rent individual personal information with anyone without your advance permission or unless ordered by a court of law. lifeselector.com collects information to enhance your visit and deliver more individualized content and advertising. We respect your privacy and do not share your information with anyone. Aggregated Information (information that does not personally identify you) may be used in many ways. For example, we may combine information about your usage patterns with similar information obtained from other users to help enhance our site and services (e.g., to learn which pages are visited most or what features are most attractive). Aggregated Information may occasionally be shared with our advertisers and business partners. Again, this information does not include any Personally Identifiable Information about you or allow anyone to identify you individually. We may use Personally Identifiable Information collected by lifeselector.com to communicate with you about your registration or membership and customization preferences; our Terms of Service and privacy policy; services and products offered by lifeselector.com and other topics we think you might find of interest. Personally Identifiable Information collected by lifeselector.com may also be used for other purposes, including but not limited to site administration, troubleshooting, processing of e-commerce transactions and other communications with you. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our site (our Web hosting service and credit card processing for example) may access such information. We will use your information only as permitted by law. PRIVACY & GDPR What is the GDPR? The (GDPR) is the new European Union (EU) data privacy law that greatly strengthens data privacy protections for individuals located in the EU (“EU residents”). It basically gives EU residents more control over how organizations collect, process, store, and share their personal data online. Our company is committed to be GDPR-compliant. Our data collection, use and retention method is fully in line with the new regulations. Our registration process only needs a valid email address, giving your name is optional. We strictly document what data we are holding.. Every sensitive data is handled by our payment processors, who are also aware of GDPR and personal data risks. What we keep is trackable, transparent and deletable if needed.We make sure that decision makers and key people in your organisation are aware that the law is changing to the GDPR. The tools we use are ensuring privacy. We work only with third parties who are also GDPR-compliant. OUR SITES' USE OF COOKIES Our sites only use cookies to help you enjoy the interactive features of the site and to help us protect the integrity of your username (email address). We do not use cookies to track your movements or to gather any other information. To access our sites, you must accept the cookie named sid for the domains managed by lifeselector.com CUSTOMER FRAUD NOTICE Please read the following notice if you have made a purchase to access any websites of the lifeselector.com Network via CCBill, Webbilling, Epoch.com, SegPay, ACHBill. lifeselector.com takes credit card fraud very seriously. We fully disclose all charges, customer service, privacy and refund/cancellation policies in the Terms & Conditions, Purchase Pages & Privacy Policy. By purchasing a subscription service from lifeselector.com you acknowledged and accepted those terms during the purchase process. Your details, IP address, use of our services, acceptance of terms and transaction history is securely stored and recorded according to our privacy policy. lifeselector.com's billing customer support staff and our billing processors' websites (www.ccbill.com, www.epoch.com, www.SegpayEU.com and www.achbill.com) and the technical/subscription detailed help website are available to you 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 365 days a year. If you have a dispute in regards to subscription charges or product fees, you are required to contact lifeselector.com's customer service first to attempt to resolve the matter. Should you contact your credit card issuing bank in regards to charge disputes against lifeselector.com will contest all claims as well as request a signed affidavit. In case customer fraud (where you accessed a website/product and then attempt to dispute the charge) is detected, we will release all information to the relevant authorities in your country of residence regarding false declaration and false claims regarding credit card charges. We also cooperate with the following agencies to ensure all fraud cases are investigated full & prosecuted: Federal Bureau of Investigations (FBI), the U.S. Postal Inspection Service and the International Criminal Police Organization (INTERPOL). Customer fraud is illegal! Making false declarations and claims to your bank regarding charges is punishable by law in all countries from which lifeselector.com accepts credit card sales. If you are suspected of customer fraud, your credit card will also be listed in a global credit card blacklist maintained by anti-fraud systems which will result in your card being blocked from future internet purchases and certain retail outlets. Your credit rating may also be affected for up to 7 years. We urge you not to commit customer fraud. Contact our customer service representative if you have any questions or queries about lifeselector.com's charges on your credit card or problems with our services. lifeselector.com takes copyright infringement and the use of unlicensed materials extremely seriously. Since the U.S. Congress passed the DMCA (Digital Millennium Copyright Act) in 1998 we have the legal power in our hands to make everyone responsible who is knowingly using, publishing, transmitting etc. copyrighted material as described in the Act. We will make sure that those who commit copyright infringement will be identified and made responsible for their actions. Our team of expert attorneys will use every legal tool available to make an example of each case to understand the weight of their actions. Furthermore, we will make sure that the user's credit card, IP address will be logged to international blacklist and prevent him from using the services in the future. Any user committing such acts will have to face ALL legal consequences and will have to indemnify lifeselector.com for all damages caused. 
