> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lifeandstylemag.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060616092805id_/http%3A//lifeandstylemag.hollywood.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Life&Style Weekly

We know that safeguarding your privacy is serious business. Your privacy is very important to us. Please take a moment to read Life & Style's policy so that you understand how we collect and use your personal information. As we update and expand our services, this policy might change, so please check it out from time to time. If you have questions about our privacy policy, please E-mail us at [contactus@lifeandstylemag.com](mailto:contactus@lifeandstylemag.com). Remember, if you sign up for any of Life & Style's services or enter any of our contests or sweepstakes, you agree to the terms of this Policy. 

**What types of personal information does lifeandstylemag.com collect?**  
We sometimes collect personal information from our users when you sign up for services at lifeandstylemag.com or enter contests or sweepstakes. Personal information includes your first and last name, home or other address (like your school), telephone number, E-mail address, or any other information that tells another person who you are. When you use some of the services provided by lifeandstylemag.com, we ask for some contact information such as your name, address, and E-mail address, and financial information such as a credit card number. 

lifeandstylemag.com may collect personal information in three ways:

  * You can subscribe on-line to receive Life & Style magazine. We collect your name, address, telephone number, and credit card information so that we can provide your subscription. We use a third-party vendor, Kable Fulfillment Services of Ohio, Inc., to process on-line subscription requests. Kable Fulfillment Services of Ohio, Inc. has access to the personal information we collect to process your subscription. Kable Fulfillment Services of Ohio, Inc. has agreed to use your personal information only for this purpose, to take steps to preserve your privacy and to protect the security of this personal information, and not to sell or disclose the information to any other third party. 
  * You can subscribe on-line to receive a free on-line newsletter from lifeandstylemag.com. lifeandstylemag.com collects only your E-mail address to provide the on-line newsletter. 
  * You can enter contests or sweepstakes sponsored by lifeandstylemag.com. Our contests and sweepstakes require a minimal amount of information to register, but we always collect your E-mail address so that we can notify you of the results of the contest. lifeandstylemag.com is prohibited by law from conditioning your participation in a contest or sweepstakes on the disclosure of more personal information than is reasonably necessary to participate. 
  * We do not collect the E-mail addresses of people who write to us via E-mail except to respond to them. 



We may also collect other information about you. This is so you can enjoy certain services within the website and be involved in certain surveys. None of this information can be or is used to identify you personally, however. You should also be aware that other companies may advertise on our site, and lifeandstylemag.com may provide links to other websites. These advertisers and sites may collect data or solicit personal information from you. lifeandstylemag.com does not control these advertisers and sites, and this Privacy Policy does not address the practices of these other companies and sites. 

**How does lifeandstylemag.com use this information?**  
Our policy about using personal information is simple: Except as described in this Policy, lifeandstylemag.com will not disclose or sell any of the personal information you provide to any third parties. lifeandstylemag.com uses the personal information you provide for recordkeeping purposes, for statistical analysis, to learn about you and your interests, to provide products and services you request, to tell you about other lifeandstylemag.com services that might interest you, and to notify contests winners. 

We may disclose information about our users when we are required to by law, or when we have reason to believe that someone is causing injury to or interfering with our rights or property, other lifeandstylemag.com users, or anyone else who could be harmed by those activities. 

**What is lifeandstylemag.com's policy for children under the age of 13?**  
lifeandstylemag.com is not intended for use by children. Children should not provide any personal information or use lifeandstylemag.com's public areas, forums or chats. lifeandstylemag.com does not accept collect personally identifiable information from children due to the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). For more information on COPPA, please refer to the Federal Trade Commission website. 

**What about lifeandstylemag.com's surveys?**  
We want to know what you think. lifeandstylemag.com surveys and polls are questions we ask to learn more about our readers and their preferences and interests. Any data we collect from a survey is edited before we release it to any third party. When you participate in a survey, you are completely anonymous. We will never ask you for your name, address, or E-mail address to participate in a survey. If you do give us personal information like your name or E-mail address in the survey form where it wasn't supposed to be included, we will delete it before storing the information or releasing it to any third party. We sometimes ask for your zip code only so that we can compare likes and dislikes and attitudes from different areas of our readership. Sometimes we conduct surveys on behalf of a particular client. Again, any data we collect from a survey is edited before we release it to the client, and you remain completely anonymous. The survey reports we send to clients include only aggregated data, like 80% of girls said X and 64% of girls said Y. We disclose on every survey that we may be paid for the survey data. We will not participate in a survey on behalf of any client that will not take steps to protect your privacy. All of our surveys are optional, and there are no prizes or rewards for participating in any lifefandstylemag.com survey. 

**How does lifeandstylemag.com protect my personal information?**  
We make every effort to ensure that your information is secure on our system. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to do their jobs are allowed access. lifeandstylemag.com sometimes asks for your credit card information in order to provide you with goods or services that you request. This information is securely stored on our computers (also called "servers"). Credit card transactions take place only on servers that offer a high level of security. These transactions are handled by a third-party financial institution, Kable Fulfillment Services of Ohio, Inc., which receives the credit card number and other personal information you provide in order to verify the credit card number and process the transaction. This third party has agreed to use your personal information only for this purpose, to take steps to preserve your privacy and to protect the security of this personal information, and not to sell or disclose the information to any other third party. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to use. You do so at your own risk. You should always be careful and smart about the information you provide on-line. Remember, whenever you voluntarily provide personal information through E-mail, that information can be collected and used by others. 

**What are cookies and how does lifeandstylemag.com use them?**  
Cookies are small pieces of data that are placed on your computer's hard drive when you visit lifeandstylemag.com. Cookies are standard in the industry; you'll find them at most major websites. Cookies allow lifeandstylemag.com to keep track of which areas of our site you have visited and how long you spend at a particular site, to track your preferences and interests, and to personalize your experience at lifeandstylemag.com. lifeandstylemag.com uses anonymous cookies that are not linked to any identifying information about you. This means that your activity at the site will be logged, but you remain anonymous to us. 

**What is an IP address and how does lifeandstylemag.com use it?**  
An IP address is a number that's automatically assigned to your computer whenever you're surfing the web - your computer's unique "signature." Web servers automatically identify your computer by its IP address. When you visit lifeandstylemag.com, we collect some general information about your computer, including its IP address, the operating system it uses (for example, Windows 95), the browser software it uses (for example, Microsoft Internet Explorer or Netscape), and your Internet service provider (for example, AOL). This information helps us better understand the people who visit lifeandstylemag.com. None of this information is linked to "personal information" about individual users - instead, it's information about the general population. As with cookies, your session will be logged, but you remain anonymous to us. lifeandstylemag.com collects this general information to identify the most popular areas on our website and to provide aggregate information to our advertisers to let them know about the number of people who have seen and clicked on their advertisements. How can you correct or update your information? If you would like to correct or update information that you have previously provided to lifeandstylemag.com, you can let us know by sending us an E-mail at contactus@lifeandstylemag.com or mailing a letter to our postal address listed below. 

**How can you contact lifeandstylemag.com?**  
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, the practices of this site, or want to reach us for any other reason, you can contact us at: 

> _Life & Style_  
>  270 Sylvan Avenue  
>  Englewood Cliffs, NJ 07632  
>  (201) 569-6699  
>  or E-mail us at:  
>  [contactus@lifeandstylemag.com](mailto:contactus@lifeandstylemag.com). 
