> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lifeberrys.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190611153803id_/http%3A//www.lifeberrys.com/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - lifeberrys.com

We respect the privacy of it's users and is committed to protect it in all respects. With a view to offer most enriching and holistic internet experience to it's users, Lifeberrys offers a vast repository of Online Sites and variety of community services. The information about the user as collected by Lifeberrys is: (a) information supplied by users and (b) information automatically tracked while navigation (Information). By using Lifeberrys website or its services, you consent to collection, storage, and use of the personal information you provide (including any changes thereto as provided by you) for any of the services that we offer.

**USER INFORMATION**  
To avail certain sites / services on our websites, users are required to provide certain information for the registration process that may include but not limited to :- a) your name, b) email address, c) sex, d) age, e) PIN code , f) credit card or debit card details g) medical records and history h) sexual orientation, i) biometric information, j) password etc., and / or your occupation, interests, and the like. The Information as supplied by the users enables us to improve our sites and provide you the most user-friendly experience. All required information is service dependent and Lifeberrys may use the above said user information to, maintain, protect, and improve its services (including advertising services) and for developing new services. Such information will not be considered as sensitive if it is freely available and accessible in the public domain or is furnished under the Right to Information Act, 2005, any rules made there under or any other law for the time being in force. 

**COOKIES**  
To improve the responsiveness for our users, we may use "cookies", or similar electronic tools to collect information to assign each visitor a unique, random number as a User Identification (User ID) to understand the user's individual interests using the identified computer. Unless you voluntarily identify yourself (through registration, for example), we will have no way of knowing who you are, even if we assign a cookie to your computer. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply. A cookie cannot read data off your hard drive. Our advertisers may also assign their own cookies to your browser (if you click on their ads), a process that we do not control. We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us via website, application or Service though your computer/laptop/netbook or mobile/tablet/pad/handheld device etc.

**Opting out**  
If a user opts out using the Ads Settings, the unique DoubleClick cookie ID on the user's browser is overwritten with the phrase "OPT_OUT". Because there is no longer a unique cookie ID, the opt-out cookie can't be associated with a particular browser.

**Log File Information**   
We automatically collect limited information about your computer's connection to the Internet, mobile number, including your IP address, when you visit our site, application or service. Your IP address is a number that lets computers attached to the Internet know where to send you data such as the pages you view. We automatically receive and log information from your browser, including your IP address, your computer's name, your operating system, browser type and version, CPU speed, and connection speed. We may also collect log information from your device, including your location, IP address, your device's name, device's serial number or unique identification number (e.g. UDiD on your iOS device), your device operating system, browser type and version, CPU speed, and connection speed etc.

**Information from other Sources:**  
We may receive information about you from other sources, add it to our account information and treat it in accordance with this policy. If you provide information to the platform provider or other partner, whom we provide services, your account information and order information may be passed on to us. We may obtain updated contact information from third parties in order to correct our records and fulfil the Services or to communicate with you 

**LINKS TO THIRD PARTY SITES / AD-SERVERS**  
The website or application may include links to other websites or applications. Such websites or applications are governed by their respective privacy policies, which are beyond our control. Once you leave our servers (you can tell where you are by checking the URL in the location bar on your browser), use of any information you provide is governed by the privacy policy of the operator of the application, you are visiting. That policy may differ from ours. If you can't find the privacy policy of any of these sites via a link from the application's homepage, you should contact the application or website owners directly for more information. When we present information to our advertisers to help them understand our audience and confirm the value of advertising on our websites or Applications it is usually in the form of aggregated statistics on traffic to various pages / content within our websites or Applications. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our websites or Applications. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number or other personally identifiable information) about your visits to this and other websites or application, in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We do not provide any personally identifiable information to third party websites / advertisers / ad-servers without your consent.

**INFORMATION SECURITY**  
We take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. These include internal reviews of our data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures, including appropriate encryption and physical security measures to guard against unauthorized access to systems where we store personal data. All information gathered on Lifeberrys is securely stored within the Lifeberrys controlled database. The database is stored on servers secured behind a firewall; access to the servers is password-protected and is strictly limited. However, as effective as our security measures are, no security system is impenetrable. We cannot guarantee the security of our database, nor can we guarantee that information you supply will not be intercepted while being transmitted to us over the Internet. And, of course, any information you include in a posting to the discussion areas is available to anyone with Internet access. However the internet is an ever evolving medium. We may change our privacy policy from time to time to incorporate necessary future changes. Of course, our use of any information we gather will always be consistent with the policy under which the information was collected, regardless of what the new policy may be. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. Any complaints or concerns with regards to content or to report any abuse of laws or breach of these terms may be taken up with the designated person as mentioned below via post or by sending an email to **contact@lifeberrys.com**.
