> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the lifescript.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151229034944id_/http%3A//www.lifescript.com/aboutlifescript/terms_of_use/privacypolicy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Lifescript.com

PLEASE NOTE THAT OUR PRIVACY POLICY HAS CHANGED.

 **Last Revised: April 28, 2015**

This privacy policy ("Policy") explains how personal information is collected, used, and disclosed by Lifescript, Inc. ("Lifescript," "we,”“our” or "us") with respect to your use of our Web site located at [www.Lifescript.com](https://web.archive.org/) (the "Site") so you can make an informed decision about using our Site. By using our Site, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy, as may be modified by us from time to time. We reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy at any time. **We will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the privacy policy the date it was last updated. If we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. Your use of the Site following the posting of such changes or revised statement shall constitute your consent to any changes in our privacy practices.** We encourage you to review this Policy whenever you visit our Site to make sure that you understand how any personal information you provide will be used.

Lifescript, Inc. has been awarded TRUSTe's Privacy Seal signifying that this privacy policy and practices have been reviewed by TRUSTe for compliance with [TRUSTe's program](http://www.truste.com/privacy-program-requirements/)requirements including transparency, accountability and choice regarding the collection and use of your personal information. TRUSTe's mission, as an independent third party, is to accelerate online trust among consumers and organizations globally through its leading privacy trustmark and innovative trust solutions. If you have questions or complaints regarding our privacy policy or practices, please contact us through one of the methods listed below. If you are not satisfied with our response you can contact [TRUSTe here](https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request). The TRUSTe program only covers information collected through this Web site, located at [www.lifescript.com](https://web.archive.org/)and does not apply to the lsa.lifescript.com registration form.

 **WHAT PERSONAL INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?**

Personal information may be collected in a number of ways when you visit our Site. We may collect certain information you voluntarily provide to us which may contain or may be tied to personal information. For example, we may collect information, such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, phone number, and other contact and demographic information such as age, gender, zip code, health-related information, interests and preferences. We may collect this and other information when you create a profile, register for our newsletter(s), leave comments or post content, respond to surveys, participate in promotions or contact us by e mail or other means for any reason.

We may also collect "aggregate" information, which is data we collect about the use of the Site or about a group or category of products, services or users, from which individual identities or other personal information has been removed. In other words, information about how you use a service may be collected and combined with information about how others use the same service. Aggregate data helps us understand trends and our users' needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor our Site. This policy in no way restricts or limits our collection and use of aggregate information.

As is true of most web sites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you. We do this to improve services we offer you, to improve marketing, analytics, and to improve site functionality.

 **TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES**

Technologies such as: cookies, beacons, tags and scripts are used by Lifescript and our marketing partners, affiliates, or analytics providers. These technologies are used in analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movements around the site and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual as well as aggregated basis. We use cookies for authentication, remembering user settings and preferences, shopping cart purposes, maintaining user registration information and session tracking. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our site may be limited. Notwithstanding anything else in this Policy, we or a data provider may collect web log data from you (including IP address and information about your browser or operating system), or place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser to enable you to receive customized ads or content. These cookies contain no personally identifiable information. The cookies may reflect de-identified demographic or other data linked to data you voluntarily have submitted to us, e.g., your email address that we may share with a data provider solely in hashed, non-human readable form. To opt-out of these cookies, please go to <http://www.aboutads.info/choices>. Except as otherwise noted in this Policy, we do not tie the information gathered by cookies and clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information.

 **FLASH LSOS.**

Third Parties, with whom we partner to provide certain features on our site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity, use LSOs such as HTML5 and Flash to collect and store information. To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies click here:  <http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html>[  
](http://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html)  
 **THIRD PARTY ADVERTISEMENTS.**

We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather information about your activities on this site and other sites in order to provide you advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you interest-based ads, you may opt-out by clicking  [here](http://preferences.truste.com/). Please note this does not opt you out of being served ads. You will continue to receive generic ads.

 **THIRD PARTY COMMENT SYSTEM.**

We use a third party online comment system called Disqus. Disqus is not acting as our agent. Disqus is a third party application that allows visitors to post comments on our site and connect those and other comments across multiple sites. When you post a comment on our site, Disqus will collect information about your visit to this and other Web sites, including information you post and your IP address. If you register with and use Disqus, Disqus may collect and use other information from and about you. This policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, Disqus' collection or use of your information. We encourage you to review Disqus' privacy policy to learn more about its privacy practices here:  <http://help.disqus.com/forums/107439/entries/96979-privacy-policy.>[  
](http://help.disqus.com/forums/107439/entries/96979-privacy-policy.)  
 **HOW DO WE USE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT?  
**  
In general, we use personal information we collect to process your requests or transactions, to provide you with information or services you request, to inform you about other information, events, promotions, products or services we think will be of interest to you, to facilitate your use of, and our administration and operation of, the Site and the Lifescript services, and for the purpose for which the information was provided. For example, we may use the information we collect:

  * to send you a welcoming e-mail and to contact you about your use of the Site and the Lifescript services, such as for administrative purposes or to provide you with customer service;
  * to provide you with all of the services, features, and functionality included within the Lifescript services, to provide other services or information you request and to complete any transactions in connection therewith;
  * to respond to your e-mails, submissions, comments, requests or complaints;
  * to request feedback and to enable us to develop, customize and improve the Site and our publications, products and services;
  * to personalize and improve Site content and features and your experience on the Site, such as providing ads, content or features to match your profile and interests;
  * to contact you about our or a third party's services, products, activities, special events or offers and for other marketing, informational, product development and promotional purposes (including, without limit, to notify promotion winners); and
  * for the specific purpose for which the information was provided or collected.



Personal information provided online may be linked together or merged with other personal information so that we may better understand your needs and inform you about our products or services and those of our partners. In either case, this Policy governs this information.

We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us through one of the methods listed below. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

We offer you the ability to send articles or quizzes you find interesting on our site to others by inputting their email address(es). If you elect to use this feature, we will send a one-time email to the email address(es) you provide, with a link to the requested article or quiz. We will not retain the email address(es) you provide.

We also offer the ability to share articles or quizzes you find interesting on our site with others via a wide range of social media sites. If you elect to use this feature, a link to the respective article or quiz will be placed on the social media site you request.

 **SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION.  
**  
Except as described below, we will not share or sell your personally identifying information with third parties for their own use without your consent. If you choose to let us share your personally identifiable information with third parties, we are not responsible for the actions of such third party companies, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to these or to any other third parties.

You understand that when you use the Lifescript services, certain information you post on publicly available portions of the Site may be shared with other users and posted on other portions of the Site, including without limitation your comments to articles, name, profile details, images, and messages to other users on the Site. Your use of the Lifescript services constitutes your consent to share this information in such manner and all such sharing of information is done at your own risk. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personal information when posting comments or other information or content to the Site or through the Lifescript service, this information may become publicly available and may be collected and used by others. We recommend that you be cautious in giving out personal information to others in public online forums. To request removal of your personal information from our public online forums, contact us at  [abuse@Lifescript.com](mailto:abuse@Lifescript.com). In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.

We may also share personal information with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who are engaged by or working with us in connection with the operation of the Site and the Lifescript services and who need access to such information to carry out their work for us. For example, we use the services of a third party verification company to ensure that the names and emails submitted to us are valid. Our vendors, consultants and service providers are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.

In addition, we may disclose personal information in the good faith belief that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so, or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or with legal process or authorities, respond to lawful requests, any claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of Lifescript, our users, our employees or the public, including without limitation to protect Lifescript or our users from fraudulent, abusive, inappropriate or unlawful use of our Site or the Lifescript services. Information about our users, including personal information, may also be disclosed or transferred as part of, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition, an insolvency, bankruptcy or receivership or in any other situation where personal information may be transferred as one of the business assets of Lifescript. You will be notified via a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.

 **SOCIAL MEDIA (FEATURES) AND WIDGETS:**

Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook "Like" button, and Widgets such as the“Share This” button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing such Social Media Feature or Widget.

 **FACEBOOK CONNECT OR OTHER OPENID PROVIDER.**

You can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network.

 **WHAT STEPS DO WE TAKE TO PROTECT PERSONAL INFORMATION ONLINE?**

We follow generally accepted standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. We have worked to put into place reasonable security measures in an effort to protect personal information while it is under our control. Please be aware, however, that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. You should also note that e-mail is not secure, and you should not send any confidential or sensitive information to us via an unsecured e-mail. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. To protect the confidentiality of personal information, you must keep any password used on the Site confidential and not disclose it to any other person. You are responsible for all uses of our Site by any person using your password. Please advise us immediately if you believe your password has been misused. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at  [abuse@Lifescript.com](https://web.archive.org/web/20151229034944id_/http%3A//www.lifescript.com/aboutlifescript/terms_of_use/mail%20to:abuse@Lifescript.com).

 **WHAT CHOICES DO YOU HAVE REGARDING THE USE OF YOUR INFORMATION?**

We will send you news, updates and information via e-mail. You may choose to not receive promotional communications at any time by notifying Lifescript either through the opt-out link in the footer of every e-mail, by managing your e-mail settings through the web site or by calling customer service at (800) 637-9382. Please note, however, that you may not "opt-out" of receiving service related communications such as account-related e-mails from Lifescript. When you register to receive newsletters from Lifescript, you are also registering to receive information or offers from us on behalf of our advertising partners. If you do not desire to receive such offers or information, you may opt out at any time. To do so, simply go to "Manage Your Newsletters", where you may modify the information or offers you receive.

 **LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES.**

Our Site contains links to other Web sites. Any personal information you provide on the linked pages is provided directly to that third party and is subject to that third party's privacy policy. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of Web sites to which we link. Links from our Site to third parties or to other Web sites are provided for your convenience. We encourage you to learn about their privacy and security practices and policies before providing them with personal information.

 **USER GENERATED CONTENT.**

As part of our Site, we may from time to time offer users the opportunity to express their thoughts, opinions and ideas via user generated content forums such as blogs, message boards and/or chat rooms. We make no commitment to monitor these user generated content forums and are not responsible in any way for the content contained therein. Furthermore, any information which may be posted on a user generated content forum or which you may post on a user generated content forum, including your personally identifiable information, by definition will be publicly disclosed and available to all users of that forum, and is therefore no longer private. As a consequence, you cannot and should not have any expectation of privacy relative to that information. By using the user generated content forums, you agree that Lifescript is not responsible for any information that you disclose or communicate online in such user generated content forums, and any disclosures you make are at your own risk. Furthermore, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any of the user generated content on such forums and that such content does not represent the opinion or views of Lifescript. We reserve the right to republish your postings (in whole or part), taken from the forums, anywhere on our Site, or elsewhere on the Web in any format or any other medium, including print and radio, without prior notice or your express consent. To request the removal of your personally identifiable information, please review the section below.

 **HOW CAN YOU CORRECT AND UPDATE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION OR OBTAIN ADDITIONAL INFORMATION?**

If you have any questions or comments about this Policy or the practices relating to this Site or the Lifescript services, or you wish to request deletion or changes to your preferences relating to any personal information we have collected, please contact us at  [abuse@Lifescript.com](mailto:abuse@Lifescript.com), and we will respond to your inquiry to correct, update or remove the personal information you have provided us as you indicate to the extent possible. You may also contact us by mail at the following address:

Lifescript, Inc.  
Attn: Privacy Policy  
4000 MacArthur Blvd. Suite 800  
Newport Beach, CA 92660  
(949) 454-0422  
(800) 637-9382 Customer Service Center
