> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kindercare.com privacy policy that was archived on 2004-12-23. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20041223141052id_/http%3A//www.kindercare.com/privacy.php3) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# KinderCare Learning Centers - KinderCare Privacy Policy

| KinderCare.com Privacy Policy |   
KinderCare understands the importance of protecting the privacy of all KinderCare customers, including visitors to KinderCare.com. This privacy policy explains how we treat all information collected online at KinderCare.com. Through this site, KinderCare collects two kinds of information: general information and personal information.  
General information is not specific to you and cannot be traced in any way to you. Such information includes certain non-personal information from visitors to the site (such as the time of day the site is accessed) and certain information in aggregate form (such as statistics relating to the number and frequency of visitors). KinderCare uses general information only in ways that do not identify you, the specific user, meaning that it is never linked to personal information. Personal information is specific to you and includes such things as your email address or name and mailing address. This type of information is sometimes called "personally identifiable information." The only personal information collected through the KinderCare.com site is information you choose to supply in response to a request or offer. In order to improve our site and to better serve you, KinderCare may share your personal information with its subsidiaries, affiliates, legal successors and trusted third parties. From time to time, KinderCare may also contact you about updates or special offers. If you do not wish your personal information to be shared in this way, or you do not wish to be contacted beyond our initial response to your request for more information, please send an e-mail indicating your preferences to our Customer Service Department at [cservice@mail.kindercare.com](mailto:cservice@mail.kindercare.com).  
KinderCare also uses the technology called "cookies" which involves placing a small text file on your computer. The cookie assigns a unique identifying number to your web browser, allowing the Kindercare.com site to recognize your browser (but not otherwise identify you) and passively track activities on the site. Data collected from Kindercare.com cookies is general data and used only in the aggregate; our cookies do not access, collect or reveal any personal information or other data stored on your computer.  
KinderCare has designed this site for parents and adult caregivers, not children. For that reason, KinderCare does not knowingly collect personal information from children who may visit this site, and KinderCare does not want to include any such information in its customer databases. We recommend that parents monitor their children's use of the Internet.  
KinderCare may change its privacy policy from time to time in its sole discretion, and if our privacy policy changes, we will change this statement and post those changes here to keep you informed about how we treat your personal information. Feel free to check our privacy statement for current updates whenever you visit this site.  
Back to Top
