> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kineda.com privacy policy that was archived on 2008-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20081217074614id_/http%3A//www.kineda.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy » Kineda

Kineda is committed to respecting the privacy concerns of its visitors to http://www.kineda.com. KINEDA has created this privacy policy (the “Policy”) to establish guidelines that will govern the collection, use, protection and disclosure of the personal and non-personal information of its visitors. 

KINEDA collects three kinds of information from the Websites: (1) your voluntarily provided personal information; (2) anonymous non-personal information; and (3) “cookie” based information.

(1) Personal Information: KINEDA does not automatically collect personal information, such as name, address, phone number, email address and other personally identifiable information, from its visitors (“Personal Information”). From time to time, KINEDA will collect Personal Information that is voluntarily provided by its visitors in filling out contest entry forms and subscribing to newsletters and other activities carried out on the Website. KINEDA will only collect and use such Personal Information solely for the purpose(s) disclosed by KINEDA at the time of collection and only after the visitor has voluntarily agreed to such collection and use, by clicking “I agree” on the online form or in writing if entering via faxed or mailed form. KINEDA also sometimes use email addresses that have been voluntarily provided by its visitors to respond to visitors who communicate with us, to inform winners of contests or to subscribe to newsletters. All emails from KINEDA to its visitors include instructions on how to discontinue receipt of emails, newsletters and other communication from KINEDA and visitors can discontinue such communication at any time. Email addresses from visitors who wish to discontinue receipt of KINEDA’s emails will be removed from KINEDA’s distribution list and data bases. All Personal Information that may identify a visitor and has been collected with the visitor’s consent by KINEDA is not disclosed in any identifiable form to any other party outside the company except for the fulfillment of the specific purpose identified to the visitor at the time of collection. However KINEDA may disclose such information in anonymous, aggregated and non-personally identifiable form to other parties for marketing, advertising or other purposes and to better understand visitor’s use of the Website. At any time, a visitor may send an email to info@kineda.com to request that Personal Information be changed, removed or updated in KINEDA’s databases.

Visitors should exercise caution when they disclosed personally identifiable information on bulletin boards or chat rooms on the Websites or any other website. Such areas are accessible by anyone and may result in the visitor receiving unsolicited messages from other people and/or companies. Although KINEDA is committed to protecting the Personal Information provided to it by its visitors in compliance with this Privacy Policy, it cannot guarantee the security of information, whether personal or otherwise, that visitors disclose online to publicly accessible bulletin boards or chat rooms.

(2) Anonymous Non-Personal Information: When visitors visit the Websites, anonymous, non personal information about their visit is automatically collected. Such information may include the length and date of the visit, how the visitor navigated the Websites, what pages the visitor viewed, the type of browser being used by the visitor, the type of operating system used by the visitor and the domain name of the visitor’s Internet service provider. KINEDA uses this Anonymous Non-Personal Information to track the success of its Websites with its visitors and to better tailor the Websites to visitors’ needs and interests. This Anonymous Non-Personal Information may be shared with other parties, such as broadcasters, advertisers, sponsors and partners.

(3) Cookie-based Information: KINEDA may use cookies on its Website. “Cookies” are pieces of information that a website transfers to a visitor’s hard drive for record keeping and identification purposes. Cookies are used to make the visitor’s use of a website easier by saving visitor preferences and passwords and to identify which areas of the website are popular and which areas need improvement and how to target certain advertising to its visitors. KINEDA does not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information except in connection with a password protected online registration for a contest or newsletter or other service and only with the visitor’s informed consent. Visitors may visit the Websites with its cookies turned off to avoid the collection of Cookie-based Information.

Protection of Visitors’ Personal Information: KINEDA protects the Personal Information it collects with appropriate technological, physical and administrative safeguards to protect if from unauthorized disclosure or use. Access to Personal Information collected by KINEDA is limited to authorized individuals and stored on its databases, which are protected by firewalls and are password-secured. KINEDA retains the Personal Information only for as long as is required for the purposes identified at the time of its collection and consented to by the visitor providing it or as otherwise required by law. Once Personal Information is no longer necessary for the purposes consented to by the visitor, it is KINEDA’s practice to delete it from its data bases or systems or make it anonymous.

Linked Websites: The Website may be linked to other websites. These linked websites are not under the control of KINEDA and are required to have their own privacy policies. Visitors should ensure that they read and understand how their Personal Information may be collected, used, and disclosed by the linked websites as KINEDA is not responsible for and shall not be held liable for any procedures, policies or activities of any websites linked to the Websites.

Visitor’s Consent to Privacy Policy: By visiting and using the Websites, the visitor agrees to the Privacy Policy and the terms of use (“Terms of Use”) included with this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the Privacy Policy do not use the Websites or provide Personal Information to KINEDA. If you wish to amend, update or remove the Personal Information already provided, contact info@kineda.com.

Accountability: KINEDA takes its commitment to securing privacy very seriously. From time to time, KINEDA may amend or update this Privacy Policy to comply with visitor concerns, best practices and/or the law. KINEDA has appointed a member of its management team to act as KINEDA’s Privacy Officer and who is responsible for reviewing, approving and administering this Privacy Policy and KINEDA’s commitments hereunder. If you have any questions, concerns or comments, feel free to contact the Privacy Officer at info@kineda.com or by telephone at (415) 683-0637.
