> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the kingstreenews.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151228153625id_/http%3A//www.kingstreenews.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - The News

Welcome to the website for _The News_ newspaper, kingstreenews.com (the “Site”). The Site is an online service owned by Kingstree Communications, Inc. (“Company” or “us”). This Privacy Statement discusses our privacy policy with respect to the Site, online and mobile applications owned by the Company related to the Site or to _The News_ newspaper, and any other services of the Company that display this Agreement (collectively with the Site and the applications, the “Services”).

We recognize that many visitors to our website and users of our applications are concerned about the information that they provide to us or that may be collected, and how we treat that information. In order to address those concerns we have developed this Privacy Statement.

Through the Services, we may collect both personally identifiable information and non-personal information from you.

1. **Personally identifiable information**. You don't have to provide us with your personally identifiable information (such as your name, address, telephone number, email address, etc.) in order to read some of what's posted on the Site or through the Services. We may, however, collect personally identifiable information about you when you submit comments in response to one of our stories, submit photos or other information to us, sign up to receive information from us, open an account with us, use Facebook Connect in conjunction with the Site or other Services, subscribe to the Services, enter a contest, respond to a survey, make a forum submission, email us, purchase something through the Services, or at times in which we alert you that you must submit personally identifiable information. Without this information, we would not be able to respond to your inquiries, submissions, entries and requests. Please also note that several features of the Services, such as advertisements, classified ads, contests or sweepstakes, polls or surveys, and blogs, may be provided or operated by third parties. These third parties may also obtain personally identifiable information from you in order to use their services. Please check their privacy policies for information about their privacy practices. In some cases these third parties may provide your personally identifiable information to us.

2\. **Non-personal information**. Non-personal information, such as which pages are accessed, what information is downloaded, what type of device, browser and operating system are being used, which Internet service provider is being used and other information of this general type may be collected about users of the Services. We, or third parties that provide or operate services on or through our Services, may track information about users' online activities over time and across different websites. We may also collect the Internet Protocol (“IP”) address and geo-location of the users' computer or mobile device. By itself, this information does not allow us to personally identify the user of the Services. By collecting this information we learn how best to customize and develop our Services to meet the needs and desires of our users.

Personally identifiable information is collected when submitted by you – such as when you sign up for an account with us, use Facebook Connect or when you send us an email. Personally identifiable information may also be collected when you include it as part of a comment, letter, photo, forum posting, blog entry or other submission to us. Your personally identifiable information may be collected by third party service providers and then provided to us by the third party.

Non-personal information may be collected via “cookies” (small text files placed on your computer's hard drive), “web beacons” or other technology.

1. **Personally identifiable information**. If you sign up for an account with us (which is required in order to view some content offered through the Services or to make certain submissions) or use Facebook Connect in conjunction with the Services, then we may use your personally identifiable information to maintain your account and to correspond with you. We may also use it to send you materials that we think would be of interest to you. We may also provide your personally identifiable information to advertisers or others. If you enter one of our contests, then we may use your personally identifiable information for purposes of the contest (such as to notify you if you win) and/or in accordance with the contest rules. We may also provide your personally identifiable information to the sponsor(s) of the contest, publish information concerning the winner of the contest, and/or for any other lawful purposes. If you email us, submit information to us, or ask to be placed on a mailing list that we maintain, then we may contact you and send information to you. If you register to purchase merchandise through the Services, then we may use your personally identifiable information to maintain your account and/or process your order. If we receive your personally identifiable information from a third party service provider, then we may use the information to contact you and to assist in performing the service for which you have registered with the third party. In addition to the uses listed above, we may use your personally identifiable information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, as part of a statistical usage analysis, and/or to improve the features and content of the Services. We may also use your personally identifiable information to assist in delivery of content that is customized to your interests; and, other than your credit card information and account password, we may sell or license your personally identifiable information to third parties for their use. We do not collect personally identifiable information on an automatic basis, but we may combine non-personal information (which may be automatically collected) with your previously submitted personally identifiable information. We may also use your personally identifiable information as set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Statement.

2. **Non-personal information**. We may use your non-personal information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, as part of a statistical usage analysis, to improve the features and content of the Services, and/or for other purposes to assist our business. We may share such information with advertisers and other third parties, typically in the aggregate. We may also use your non-personal information as set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Statement. We may use cookies, web beacons, and other technology to help us recognize your computer/device and help us understand where our users go and how much time they spend there. We may also use these technologies, as well as geo-location technologies, to deliver content that is customized to you.

If you do not wish to have us collect and use information collected from cookies, you should disable cookies on your computer/device. You should refer to your browser's help menu for up-to-date information on blocking cookies and other technologies. We do not respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other similar mechanisms.

Specifically and among other methods, we use Google Analytics and Google Analytics Advertising Features such as Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting, which collect user information using first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookie) or other first-party identifiers and third-party cookies (such as Google advertising cookies) and or other third-party identifiers. For more information about how Google collects and processes your data, please visit: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. If you wish to opt-out of Google Analytics, we direct you to Google's opt-out mechanism at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/.

3\. **Links from the Site and other Services to advertisers and other third parties**. Links from the Site and other Services to advertisers and other third parties. Please be aware that the Company's advertisers, business partners, sponsors, service providers, vendors and third parties accessible through the Services (such as via links from the Site and/or through Facebook Connect) may have their own privacy practices. The Company is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties. You should check the applicable privacy policies of the third parties when providing information to them. These third parties may provide the personally identifiable information and non-personal information that they collect to the Company and may also use the information in accordance with their own privacy practices. Financial institutions, such as those which process credit card orders, are subject to federal privacy laws.

4\. **Other third parties**.  During the course of its business, the Company uses third party service providers, such as lawyers and accountants, to perform a variety of functions for the Company. In some instances, the Company may need to provide personal and/or non-personal information about you to such third parties. However, such service providers that are not linked from the Services are generally prohibited from using your personally identifiable information for any purpose other than for which they were selected to work with the Company.

5\. **Public forum**. If you submit a comment, personal ad, photograph, email, blog entry, forum entry, or similar submission, the information in your submission may be published to the general public. Please exercise caution when making such submissions. Please note that most such submissions are not reviewed prior to publication. We will not be responsible to read, respond to, or perform in accordance with any requests for privacy or confidentiality that are included with the submission or at any time.

6\. **Other uses**. In addition to the uses set forth elsewhere in this Privacy Statement, the Company may use or disclose personal or non-personal information: (i) in cases where we believe in good faith that it is necessary to prevent a crime, an injury or financial loss to ourselves or to third parties; (ii) to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of the Services (including violation of the Terms of Use; (iii) pursuant to a court order, warrant, subpoena, discovery request, or as required by law; (iv) in conjunction with the sale or offering for sale of some or all of the Company; (v) in the event of the Company's bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, or similar financial circumstances; and/or (vi) when you have been made aware of the possibility of use or disclosure of the information at or prior to the time of collection.

We have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures that we believe are appropriate to safeguard and help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data security, and correctly use the information we collect online. Please note that we cannot guarantee the security of our databases or Site, nor can we guarantee that information will not be intercepted while being transmitted over the Internet. In order to use some of the features of the Services, you may be required to create an account with us. For your protection, this account will only be accessible by means of a password or similar security measure. If you believe that your password or email address has been compromised, you should change your account with us immediately. If you forget your password, follow the instructions on the login page.

The Company does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through the Services unless such collection is done in accordance with the law. If you are a child under the age of 13 that intends to submit information to the Company through the Services, you must obtain your parent's consent prior to making such a submission. In the event that the Company obtains actual knowledge that you are a child under the age of 13, the Company may require that you (and/or your parent) prove to us your prior parental consent. Even if you are 13 or over, we recommend that all children under the age of 18 obtain parental consent prior to the submission or purchase of anything through the Services. To obtain a parental consent form, please contact the privacy administrator designated in Section I.2 below.

You may change your online account information with the Company by accessing your account through the Site (if you forgot your password, follow the instructions on the login page). If you would like to access or change any other personal information that we have collected, or would like to “opt out” of our collection, retention or disclosure of any other information, please email us at [privacy@eveningpostinteractive.com](mailto:privacy@eveningpostinteractive.com) or contact us at the address set forth below. Subject to the Company's protection of itself and others, disclosures for legal reasons, and our current technological capabilities, we may be able to assist you. Please keep in mind that to protect your privacy and security, we may take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access to any personally identifiable information or “opt out” capabilities. To change the information that you submitted to third party service providers, such as in conjunction with personal ads, classified ads or blogs, please contact the service provider. Their policies will dictate the extent to which you can access or change the information that they have collected about you.

Parents of children under the age of 13 have the option to agree to the collection and use of their child's personal information without consenting to the disclosure of the information to third parties (subject to the Company's protection of itself and others, disclosures for legal reasons, and the Company's current technological capabilities). In addition, parents can review the personal information provided by their child under the age of 13, ask to have it deleted and refuse to allow any further collection or use of the child's information (subject to the same items as above). In order to make these requests, parents should follow the “Opt Out” procedures set forth in the “Access to Your Personal Information and 'Opt Out' Procedures” section of this Privacy Statement. Please note that, while the Services will not require more information from children under 13 than is reasonably necessary to participate in any activity or event, deletion of required information (such as information that would permit the Company to contact the winner of a contest) may result in termination of the child's participation in an event or activity. Parents should also note that the official rules for contests and promotions on the Services may contain additional information related to their children's privacy and the parents' rights and responsibilities.

This Privacy Statement may be changed from time to time, so we encourage you to check back with every visit to the Services. If you do not agree to one or more of the changes, you may choose to “opt out,” using the procedures set forth above. Once the change has been made, all information collected by the Services after the change will be subject to the new terms of the Privacy Statement. In addition, if you affirm your agreement to this Privacy Statement, such as by clicking “I agree” when asked if you agree to be subject to this Privacy Statement or the legal terms of the Services, then all information collected prior to the change will also be subject to the new terms. The current version of this Privacy Statement is effective November 20, 2015.

1\. For general privacy inquiries, please contact us at [privacy@eveningpostinteractive.com](mailto:privacy@eveningpostinteractive.com).

2\. Parents of children under 13 seeking to access or change personally identifiable information that has been collected about their children through the Services, or to obtain or submit parental consent forms, please contact us at:

**Website Privacy Issues**

c/o Kurt Knapek

Evening Post Interactive

134 Columbus Street

Charleston, SC 29403

Ph: (843) 745-5888

Email: [privacy@eveningpostinteractive.com](mailto:privacy@eveningpostinteractive.com)

The Company may have several operators collecting or maintaining personal information. The operator listed above, or his/her successor, is responsible for responding to privacy inquiries. Third parties accessible through the Services may have their own such operators.

Copyright © 2014-2015, Kingstree Communications, Inc., an Evening Post Industries company. All rights reserved.
