> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myafricanow.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-26. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161126145318id_/http%3A//www.myafricanow.com/privacy-policy-2) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - My Africa Now

## Privacy Policy My Africa Now

www.myafricanow.com (“We”) commit ourselves to protecting and respecting your privacy when visiting our website.

This privacy policy sets out how we will process and use any personal data that you provide to us, or that we may collect as a result of visiting www.myafricanow.com .  Please read the following information to understand our practices with regards to your personal data and how we will treat it.

**(1)    Information we collect from you**

We may collect and process the following data about you:

(a) information that you provide by filling in forms on our website;

(b) information at the time of registering to use our website, including posting comments;

(c) information when requesting further services or subscribing to any service offered by us on the website;

(c) information if you should report a problem with our website;

(d) we may keep a record of any correspondence if you should contact us;

(e) details of the resources you access and of your visits to our website;

(f) any other information that you choose to send to us.

**(2)    IP addresses**

We may collect information about your computer; this is statistical data concerning your browsing actions and does not identify you individually.  This information includes your IP address where available and browser type, for system administration and to improve our service.

**(3) Cookies**

A cookie is a small piece of information that is placed on your computer when you visit certain websites. Find out more about the use of cookies on the UK Government site: [Cookies advice for the public](http://www.ico.gov.uk/for_the_public/topic_specific_guides/online/cookies.aspx "Cookies advice from the UK Government for the public")

We use cookies to:

(a) remember you when you visit this website to keep track of your browsing patterns and to build up a profile of how you and other users use the website.

(b) make our website work as efficiently as possible.

(c) administer services to you and to advertisers.

Most browsers allow you to turn off cookies. To do this look at the “help” menu on your browser. Switching off cookies may restrict your use of the website and/or delay or affect the way in which it operates.

Google Analytics is a third party tool we use to provide us with information about how users use our website. Read [here ](http://www.google.com/analytics/index.html "Google Analytics")to learn more information about how we use their third party service to collect and use information about this website.

**(4)**   **Third party advertising cookies**

Some advertisements you see on the website maybe generated by third parties.

Some of these third parties generate their own cookies (or web beacons) to track how many people have seen a particular advertisement (or use the services of third parties to do this), and to track how many people have seen it more than once. These cookies cannot be used to identify an individual; they can only be used for statistical purposes, for example, in providing you with advertisements that are more relevant to your interests. Some of the information gleaned from third party cookies will be aggregated with other anonymous information for statistical purposes. The third party companies that generate these cookies have their own, very strict, privacy policies but we don’t have access to these cookies; other than allowing them to be served, we have no role to play in these cookies at all (although we may use statistical information arising from these third party cookies and provided to us by third parties, to improve the targeting of advertisements to users of the website).

If you would like to disable “third party” cookies generated by advertisers or providers of targeted advertising services, you can turn them off by going to the third party’s website and getting them to generate a one-time “no thanks” cookie that will stop any further cookies being written to your machine.

You can also visit the trade body representing these advertising companies for more information on how to opt out of these cookies: http://youronlinechoices.com/

**(5)    Storage of your personal data  
**

Any data that we collect from you may be stored at, and transferred to, a destination outside the European Economic Area (EEA).  This data may also be processed by staff that operates outside the EEA working us or one of our suppliers.  In submitting your personal data, you agree to such a transfer and the storing and processing of this data.  To ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy we will endeavour to take all reasonable necessary steps in protecting your privacy.

We will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.

We will do our best to protect your personal data, unfortunately, the transmission of information over the Internet is not entirely secure and we cannot guarantee the security of data transmitted to and from our sites.  Any transmission of data is at your own risk.

**(6)    Use of your personal data  
**

Personal data submitted on this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website

We use the information held about you in the following ways:

(a) to notify you of any changes to our service;

(b) send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;

(c) to ensure that the content of our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and your computer;

(d) where you have consented to be contacted, to provide you with the information services requested from us or in the event that we feel will be of interest to you;

(e) allow you to participate in interactive features of our service, should you choose to do so.

(f) in allowing ourselves to carry out our obligations concerning any contracts entered into between you and us;

(g) send to you marketing communications relating to our website;

(h) deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.

If you do not want your data used in this way please state this on the form in which we collect your data or contact us by email: info@myafricanow.com

**(7)    Disclosure of your information**

We may disclose your personal information within our organisation insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.

We will not sell, share or disclose your personal information to anyone or any third party unless:

(a) if we are under a duty to comply with any legal obligation to disclose or share your personal data;

(c) disclosure is in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;

(d) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights;

(e)  to protect the rights, property and safety of our users or others, or to enforce our terms of use for the website.

**(8)    Third party websites  
**

From time to time our site may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates.  If you visit any of these sites please note that they have their own privacy policies and you should check these before submitting any personal data.  We cannot accept any responsibility or liability for these websites or their content/policies.

**(9)   Access to your information**

You can exercise your right to access any information we hold about you.  Any request may be subject to an administration fee of £70.00 in order to meet our costs in providing any details of the information we may hold about you.

For such requests, please send an initial email to admin@myafricanow.com with the following information:

(a) your legal name, address, email and telephone number;

(b) description of what information you require from us;

(c) description of how you will pay the administration fee e.g. credit/debit card/cheque etc.

We will then subsequently contact you with the details of how your request will be processed.

**(10)    Changes to our privacy policy**

We will where appropriate notify you by email of any changes made to our privacy policy and these changes will also be posted on this page.

**(11)     Updating information**

Please let us know, by contacting us by email,  if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.

**(12)    Contact**

We welcome any questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy and should be emailed to info@myafricanow.com

Thank you for taking the time to read our privacy policy.
