> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the myarcadesandgames.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-10-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121002235608id_/http%3A//myarcadesandgames.com/MAG-PP.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

Privacy Policy OUR COMMITMENT: RESPECTING AND PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY Your privacy is important to us. Privacy Policy OUR COMMITMENT: RESPECTING AND PROTECTING YOUR PRIVACY Your privacy is important to us. MyArcadesandGames.com respects and takes steps to protect the privacy of our customers. We strive to take reasonable care of information we may receive from you. The Scope of This Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy addresses the privacy of visitors to the MyArcadesandGames.com Web sites. It identifies the type of data and information MyArcadesandGames.com collects from visitors, how we use and disclose it, and the steps we take to protect privacy. What Information We Collect and How We Use It Information We Collect MyArcadesandGames.com collects personal information when you register with MyArcadesandGames.com, when you use MyArcadesandGames.com products and services, when you visit MyArcadesandGames.com pages or the pages of certain MyArcadesandGames.com partners, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. We may, additionally, track non-personal information about your visit, including the domain name and the name of the Web page from which you entered our site, how much time you spend on each of our pages, and the IP address associated with your computer. We use this information to improve the performance and operation of our site. When you register, we ask for information such as your name, e-mail address, birth date, gender, ZIP code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. For the purchase of MyArcadesandGames.com Advertising Products we may also ask for your address, Social Security number, and credit card information. Once you register with MyArcadesandGames.com and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us and we protect your personal information (see Security below). MyArcadesandGames.com collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of products and services that we offer. MyArcadesandGames.com automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, MyArcadesandGames.com cookie information, and the page you request. MyArcadesandGames.com uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide statistical reporting for internal and external clients. Your Ability to Edit Your Account Information and Preferences You can edit your MyArcadesandGames.com Account Information, including your marketing preferences, at any time. New categories of marketing communications may be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time. Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive. We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the MyArcadesandGames.com service, such as service announcements and administrative messages that are considered part of your MyArcadesandGames.com account, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them. Cookies and Related Technologies A cookie is a small file that is stored on the hard drive of your computer, ready for future access when you return to our site. We may use cookies to tailor and improve the content we deliver to you while you are on our site. The cookies do not contain or capture any personal information. You can configure your computer’s browser to alert you when a site is attempting to send you a cookie, and then you can accept or refuse the cookie. Your decision to refuse cookies from MyArcadesandGames.com will not prevent you from using our site, but may limit your ability to take advantage of some of our advanced features. On some of the pages on our site we may also use small bits of computer code called “one-pixel gifs,” “clear gifs,” or “Web beacons” embedded in Web pages to monitor the activity on our Web site. Again, the technology does not capture or contain any personal information. Children Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. The MyArcadesandGames.com web site is not designed to attract children under the age of 13 and MyArcadesandGames.com does not knowingly collect personal information from children on our Web site. Third Party Advertisers and External Links Some MyArcadesandGames.com Web sites may accept advertisements from third-party advertisers or provide links to external Web sites. Please check the privacy policy of these advertisers and sites for information regarding their collection of information and use of cookies. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other Web sites. Our partners or advertisers may use third parties to serve or present the ads that appear on our site. These third parties may place cookies on your browser when you visit our site. Any third party cookies are subject to the privacy policy of the company placing them. Information We Disclose To Third Parties We may use aggregated information concerning how visitors use our Web site and share such information with third parties in order to improve our Web site and to help us attract advertisers and listings. For example, we may share how many individuals visited our Web site and on average how long they stayed on each page. Such use and sharing of aggregated information will not reveal any of your personal information to third parties.?MyArcadesandGames.com does not rent, sell, disclose or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances: • We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; • We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of MyArcadesandGames.com’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law; • We transfer information about you if MyArcadesandGames.com is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, MyArcadesandGames.com will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.MyArcadesandGames.com does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view an ad. Security MyArcadesandGames.com takes your security seriously and takes reasonable steps to protect your information. No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any firewalls or secure server software we may employ. MyArcadesandGames.com continues to evaluate and implement enhancements in security technology and practices, however we can only take steps to help reduce the risks of unauthorized access. MyArcadesandGames.com has taken the following steps in this regard: • Secure Socket Layer (SSL)?MyArcadesandGames.com uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption when transmitting certain kinds of information, such as registration information or payment information. An icon resembling a padlock is displayed on the bottom of most browsers window during SSL transactions that involve credit cards and other forms of payment. Any time MyArcadesandGames.com asks you for a credit card number on MyArcadesandGames.com for payment or for verification purposes, it will be SSL encrypted. The information you provide will be stored securely on our servers. Once you choose to store or enter your credit card number on MyArcadesandGames.com, it will not be displayed back to you in its entirety when you retrieve or edit it in the future. Instead of the entire number, you will only see asterisks and either the first four digits or the last four digits of your number. • Secure StorageMyArcadesandGames.com maintains reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you. • Vendors and Partners?MyArcadesandGames.com works with vendors and partners to protect the security and privacy of user information. • Employee and Contractor Access to Information?MyArcadesandGames.com limits access to personal information about you to those employees who we reasonably believe need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. • Education and Training for Employees?MyArcadesandGames.com has implemented a company-wide education and training program about security that is required of every MyArcadesandGames.com employee. If MyArcadesandGames.com learns of a security systems breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using this Web site or providing personal information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of this site. MyArcadesandGames.com may post a notice on our Web site if a security breach occurs. If this happens, you will need a Web browser enabling you to view the MyArcadesandGames.com Web site. MyArcadesandGames.com may also send an e-mail to you at the e-mail address you have provided to us in these circumstances. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving an electronic notice) you should notify us at admin@rev-link.com. If you believe your MyArcadesandGames.com account has been compromised, please report the incident using our contact form. In the event that you believe that your personal safety is at risk or if you believe that you may be the victim of identity theft or other illegal conduct, please contact the appropriate federal, state or local law enforcement agencies directly. Privacy Policy Updates This Privacy Policy supersedes and replaces all previously posted Privacy Policies. Our Privacy Policy is regularly reviewed and revised to make sure we continue to serve the best interests of our customers. We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy to reflect any changes. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Policy and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If the change would cause us to use or disclose personal information in a manner that is materially less restrictive from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify Web visitors before implementing the change. Contacting Us Questions, Comments, & Concerns: MyArcadesandGames.com will happily address any concerns about its online privacy practices and policies; please e-mail us at admin@rev-link.com. To be removed from future MyArcadesandGames.com marketing e-mail campaigns, please e-mail admin@rev-link.com. Effective: November 1, 2011 respects and takes steps to protect the privacy of our customers. We strive to take reasonable care of information we may receive from you. The Scope of This Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy addresses the privacy of visitors to the MyArcadesandGames.comWeb sites. It identifies the type of data and information MyArcadesandGames.com collects from visitors, how we use and disclose it, and the steps we take to protect privacy. What Information We Collect and How We Use It Information We Collect MyArcadesandGames.com collects personal information when you register with MyArcadesandGames.com, when you use MyArcadesandGames.com products and services, when you visit MyArcadesandGames.com pages or the pages of certain MyArcadesandGames.com partners, and when you enter promotions or sweepstakes. We may, additionally, track non-personal information about your visit, including the domain name and the name of the Web page from which you entered our site, how much time you spend on each of our pages, and the IP address associated with your computer. We use this information to improve the performance and operation of our site. When you register, we ask for information such as your name, e-mail address, birth date, gender, ZIP code, occupation, industry, and personal interests. For the purchase of MyArcadesandGames.com Advertising Products we may also ask for your address, Social Security number, and credit card information. Once you register with MyArcadesandGames.com and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us and we protect your personal information (see Security below). MyArcadesandGames.com collects information about your transactions with us and with some of our business partners, including information about your use of products and services that we offer. MyArcadesandGames.com automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, MyArcadesandGames.com cookie information, and the page you request. MyArcadesandGames.com uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide statistical reporting for internal and external clients. Your Ability to Edit Your Account Information and Preferences You can edit your MyArcadesandGames.com Account Information, including your marketing preferences, at any time. New categories of marketing communications may be added to the Marketing Preferences page from time to time. Users who visit this page can opt out of receiving future marketing communications from these new categories or they can unsubscribe by following instructions contained in the messages they receive. We reserve the right to send you certain communications relating to the MyArcadesandGames.com service, such as service announcements and administrative messages that are considered part of your MyArcadesandGames.com account, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving them. Cookies and Related Technologies A cookie is a small file that is stored on the hard drive of your computer, ready for future access when you return to our site. We may use cookies to tailor and improve the content we deliver to you while you are on our site. The cookies do not contain or capture any personal information. You can configure your computer’s browser to alert you when a site is attempting to send you a cookie, and then you can accept or refuse the cookie. Your decision to refuse cookies from MyArcadesandGames.com will not prevent you from using our site, but may limit your ability to take advantage of some of our advanced features. On some of the pages on our site we may also use small bits of computer code called “one-pixel gifs,” “clear gifs,” or “Web beacons” embedded in Web pages to monitor the activity on our Web site. Again, the technology does not capture or contain any personal information. Children Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. The MyArcadesandGames.com web site is not designed to attract children under the age of 13 and MyArcadesandGames.com does not knowingly collect personal information from children on our Web site. Third Party Advertisers and External Links Some MyArcadesandGames.com Web sites may accept advertisements from third-party advertisers or provide links to external Web sites. Please check the privacy policy of these advertisers and sites for information regarding their collection of information and use of cookies. We are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other Web sites. Our partners or advertisers may use third parties to serve or present the ads that appear on our site. These third parties may place cookies on your browser when you visit our site. Any third party cookies are subject to the privacy policy of the company placing them. Information We Disclose To Third Parties We may use aggregated information concerning how visitors use our Web site and share such information with third parties in order to improve our Web site and to help us attract advertisers and listings. For example, we may share how many individuals visited our Web site and on average how long they stayed on each page. Such use and sharing of aggregated information will not reveal any of your personal information to third parties.?MyArcadesandGames.com does not rent, sell, disclose or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services you’ve requested, when we have your permission, or under the following circumstances: • We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; • We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of MyArcadesandGames.com’s terms of use, or as otherwise required by law; • We transfer information about you if MyArcadesandGames.com is acquired by or merged with another company. In this event, MyArcadesandGames.com will notify you before information about you is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy. MyArcadesandGames.com does not provide any personal information to the advertiser when you interact with or view an ad. Security MyArcadesandGames.com takes your security seriously and takes reasonable steps to protect your information. No data transmissions over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Consequently, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. Once we receive your transmission, we make reasonable efforts to ensure security on our systems. However, please note that this is not a guarantee that such information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any firewalls or secure server software we may employ. MyArcadesandGames.com continues to evaluate and implement enhancements in security technology and practices, however we can only take steps to help reduce the risks of unauthorized access. MyArcadesandGames.com has taken the following steps in this regard: • Secure Socket Layer (SSL)?MyArcadesandGames.com uses SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption when transmitting certain kinds of information, such as registration information or payment information. An icon resembling a padlock is displayed on the bottom of most browsers window during SSL transactions that involve credit cards and other forms of payment. Any time MyArcadesandGames.com asks you for a credit card number on MyArcadesandGames.com for payment or for verification purposes, it will be SSL encrypted. The information you provide will be stored securely on our servers. Once you choose to store or enter your credit card number on MyArcadesandGames.com, it will not be displayed back to you in its entirety when you retrieve or edit it in the future. Instead of the entire number, you will only see asterisks and either the first four digits or the last four digits of your number. • Secure StorageMyArcadesandGames.com maintains reasonable physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you. • Vendors and Partners?MyArcadesandGames.com works with vendors and partners to protect the security and privacy of user information. • Employee and Contractor Access to Information?MyArcadesandGames.com limits access to personal information about you to those employees who we reasonably believe need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs. • Education and Training for Employees?MyArcadesandGames.com has implemented a company-wide education and training program about security that is required of every MyArcadesandGames.com employee. If MyArcadesandGames.com learns of a security systems breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. By using this Web site or providing personal information to us you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy and administrative issues relating to your use of this site. MyArcadesandGames.com may post a notice on our Web site if a security breach occurs. If this happens, you will need a Web browser enabling you to view the MyArcadesandGames.com Web site. MyArcadesandGames.com may also send an e-mail to you at the e-mail address you have provided to us in these circumstances. Depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing. To receive free written notice of a security breach (or to withdraw your consent from receiving an electronic notice) you should notify us at admin@rev-link.com. If you believe your MyArcadesandGames.com account has been compromised, please report the incident using our contact form. In the event that you believe that your personal safety is at risk or if you believe that you may be the victim of identity theft or other illegal conduct, please contact the appropriate federal, state or local law enforcement agencies directly. Privacy Policy Updates This Privacy Policy supersedes and replaces all previously posted Privacy Policies. Our Privacy Policy is regularly reviewed and revised to make sure we continue to serve the best interests of our customers. We reserve the right to update this Privacy Policy to reflect any changes. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes to this Policy and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If the change would cause us to use or disclose personal information in a manner that is materially less restrictive from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify Web visitors before implementing the change. Contacting Us Questions, Comments, & Concerns: MyArcadesandGames.com will happily address any concerns about its online privacy practices and policies; please e-mail us at admin@rev-link.com. To be removed from future MyArcadesandGames.com marketing e-mail campaigns, please e-mail admin@rev-link.com. Effective: November 1, 2011 
