> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tribe.net privacy policy that was archived on 2012-09-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120920090654id_/http%3A//www.tribe.net/template/pub%252CPrivacy.vm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Tribe.net Privacy Policy - tribe.net

Protecting your privacy is very important to Tribe.net. We will not sell, lease or exchange your personal data to third parties without first obtaining your express consent. 

This privacy policy describes how we collect and use your data. If you have any questions or comments regarding Tribe.net's privacy policy or its enforcement, please contact us at [privacy@tribe.net](mailto:privacy@tribe.net)

  1. ABOUT TRIBE.NET. Tribe.net is an online social networking community that connects people through their personal networks and allows them to meet others, find jobs, roommates, buy and sell goods, and perform other transactions. Members create their own profiles, and those profiles are then shown to their Network of friends. A user's personal Network includes the extended group of people that a user is connected to through their friends (up to four degrees of separation). 
  2. INFORMATION WE COLLECT. Tribe.net collects information our users submit to us such as their name and e-mail address to allow us to identify users and notify them of changes or updates to our service. We also collect personal information submitted by our users in filling out their profile on the service such as gender, state of residence, occupation, interests, etc. We collect this personal information when our users: (a) sign up as a member; (b) make changes to their member profile information; and (c) send e-mail messages, forms, or other information to us via Tribe.net. Members may choose to provide additional information beyond their basic profile for their personal and professional profiles. Providing additional information beyond what is required at registration is entirely optional, but enables our users to better identify each other and more effectively connect and interact with their network.   
Tribe.net also collects information from users that is unique, but cannot be linked to a specific individual, such as browser type. We gather this information on all visitors to www.tribe.net for systems administration purposes, to track user trends, such as our most popular features, to understand how our users make use of the site, and to provide our users with personalized, recommended content. 
  3. COOKIES Like many other Web sites, Tribe.net uses a standard technology called "cookies." Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive -- not on our site. They can help make the Internet experience quicker and more convenient. Cookies allow our users to login without entering their ID and password each time they use Tribe.net. Cookies help us understand how members use Tribe.net, which allows us to improve upon the service. We use the information gathered by cookies in aggregate, except in the case of error reports. Members who disable cookies will not be able to use Tribe.net.   

  4. HOW WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION. Tribe.net uses personal information to create a secure and personalized service for our members. The Basic Profile information (first name, photo, age, gender, city, state, and occupation) is displayed to all members of Tribe.net. All other profile information members provide is displayed only to people in their Personal Network (up to 4 degrees of separation).   
Email address and full name are displayed only when a user invites a friend via email to join the service, when a user requests to add another user to their friend list, and when we send notifications to a user related to their use of the service. Except when members invite friends, full names are not shared or displayed with people outside of their Personal Network. Email addresses of Tribe.net members are never displayed to other users on the system. Users within a Personal Network communicate on Tribe.net with each other through the Tribe.net service without disclosing their email addresses. Members may opt out of receiving e-mail from us at any time by following the instructions below in sections 12 and 13.   
CLICK TRACKING. Tribe.net uses a method called "click tracking" to log user movement throughout our service. As part of this effort, we passively collect IP address, Web browser type, domain names, access times, referring URLs and page views for each session. This information is used to keep track of login names and passwords, to offer users a personalized experience, to enhance navigation, to provide content tailored to the user's interest, and to time out their session. We will not sell, lease or exchange any personally identifying information about you or your use of Tribe.net to third parties without first obtaining your express consent, unless required by law or to protect your membership.   

  5. DISCLOSURE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION. We will not sell, lease or exchange your personal data to third parties without first obtaining your express consent, unless required by law or to protect your membership. 
  6. INVITING FRIENDS. If you use our Invite feature to invite a friend to our service, we will ask you for your friend's email address. We'll automatically send the friend an email inviting them to join your Personal Network, as well as two reminder messages. Tribe.net does not sell these email addresses or use them to transmit any communication other than the invitation and reminders to join your personal Network. Tribe.net stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this invitation and reminders, and for tracking the success of our Invite functionality. The friend receiving the invitation may contact Tribe.net at [registration@tribe.net](mailto:registration@tribe.net) to request the removal of this information from our database. 
  7. LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES. The Tribe.net site may contain links to other Web sites. Please be aware that Tribe.net is not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites our users choose to visit. If our users provide any information directly to parties other than Tribe.net (even if those sites are showing the Tribe.net brand), different rules may apply to the use or disclosure of the personal information disclosed. We encourage you to investigate and ask questions before disclosing your personal information to third parties. 
  8. THIRD PARTY ADVERTISERS. Tribe.net may choose to deploy advertising on the service that is delivered to users through a third party's advertising server. Information about users' visits to Tribe.net, such as number of times they have viewed an ad (but no personally identifiable information), would be used to serve ads to users on this site. Third party ad servers may set cookies on the site in order to target ads to users. 
  9. CHAT ROOMS, MESSAGE BOARDS, AND PUBLIC FORUMS. Please be aware that whenever members voluntarily disclose personal information online - e.g., message boards, chat areas, file uploads, events, and listings - that information becomes public and can be collected and used by others. By posting personal information online in public forums, members may receive unsolicited messages from other parties. 
  10. PRIVACY PROTECTION FOR CHILDREN. In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly provide access to Tribe.net to persons under the age of thirteen (13). In fact, Tribe.net is only open to persons at least 18 years old as required in our Terms Of Use. If Tribe.net later learns that any member is under the age of thirteen (13), we will take appropriate steps to remove the member's information from the database and we will restrict this individual from future access to the Tribe.net service. 
  11. UPDATING AND DELETING PERSONAL INFORMATION. Members can access, change and update their registration and personal information by logging onto Tribe.net and selecting the Edit Profile option. Users who leave the service may choose to have their personal information deleted by contacting [registration@tribe.net](mailto:registration@tribe.net) and sending their unsubscribe request from the e-mail account used to create their Tribe.net membership. Unsubscribe requests will generally be responded to within 48 hours, and will generally be acted upon within 48 - 72 hours. 
  12. OPT-OUT OF EMAIL. Users of Tribe.net may choose not to receive email notifications at their registered email addresses. To opt out of these announcements, click the Account link at the top of any page, and uncheck the box next to "Send email notifications." 
  13. OPT-OUT OF NEWSLETTER. Tribe.net offers a member newsletter. Members are able to opt-out of receiving the newsletter by selecting a preference in their Account tab. Depending on a member's preference, the newsletter could appear in their Tribe.net Message Center, the email account used to create the Tribe.net membership, or in both locations. Tribe.net will only collect a user's member name should they choose to receive the newsletter. 
  14. USER SURVEYS. From time to time, Tribe.net may contact registered members to invite them to participate in usability surveys. Participation in these surveys is purely voluntary. Typically these surveys are anonymous and no personal information is requested. However, occasionally, we may request your email address for the purpose of sending you a reward for completing the survey. No personally identifiable information submitted will be shared with people who are not authorized agents of Tribe.net. Data collected through the survey is used to compile demographic information about our members and to assist us in making improvements to our Web site. 
  15. IP ADDRESSES. Tribe.net automatically receives and records your IP address information in our server log in two instances: 1) when you initially register your membership; 2) when a new Tribe.net session is initiated by entering a user ID and password. Only ten IP addresses are recorded at any given time; each new login session will overwrite the previous IP address logged. This information is only visible to Tribe.net administrators and is used to authenticate member accounts or to identify and block individuals who are not permitted to use our service. 
  16. SECURITY PROCEDURES. Tribe.net has implemented security measures to protect member information from loss, misuse and alteration. We use industry-standard practices such as encrypted storage, firewalls and password protection systems to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information. Each of our employees is aware of our security policies, and your information is only available to those employees who need it to perform their jobs. 
  17. CONSENT. This Privacy Policy is a part of the Tribe.net Terms of Use policy. By using Tribe.net, including services available at the Tribe.net and TribeNetwork.com domains, users are using a service provided by Utah Street Networks, Inc. and they agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and this Privacy Policy. Some terms may be defined in the Terms of Use. This Privacy Policy only addresses activities from our servers. 
  18. NOTIFICATION OF CHANGES. If Tribe.net changes its policy and seeks to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, you will be notified via email or a system message visible on your Tribe.net Home page. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, you will also be notified via email or a system message visible on your Tribe.net Home page. 
  19. ORGANIZATION COLLECTING INFORMATION. Utah Street Networks, Inc. owns and operates the Tribe.net and Tribenetwork.com domains. You may contact Utah Street Networks, Inc. at [privacy@tribe.net](mailto:privacy@tribe.net). 

If users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, they should first contact Tribe.net at [privacy@tribe.net](mailto:privacy@tribe.net). 

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:   
Utah Street Networks, Inc.   
Customer Service 

New System Associates   
15732 Los Gatos Blvd, #304   
Los Gatos, CA. 95032 

Last Updated: 12/10/08 



