> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tribalmixes.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-03-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160315124220id_/http%3A//www.tribalmixes.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Tribalmixes Privacy and Cookies policy

This privacy policy sets out how **Tribalmixes** (also 'we', 'our' or 'us') uses and protects any information that you give **Tribalmixes** when you use www.Tribalmixes.com (the 'Website'). **Tribalmixes** enables users to submit and share Audio Torrents. An Audio Torrent is a file that stores the meta-information of an actual Audio File, and per request provides statistical information on retrievals, downloads, etc. An Audio Torrent may include, but is not limited to, a radio show, a Podcast, a Promo/Demo, a DJ mix-set or a live recording. 

**Tribalmixes** is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Any information you provide to us by which you may be identified when using the Website will only be used in accordance with this privacy policy. **Tribalmixes** may eventually change this policy by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are up to date. This Current Version of the policy is effective from 1st September 2011. 

1\. **Personal Information.** In order to use certain features of the Website, you will need to register. When registering you will be asked to provide an email address and create a username and password. You may also choose to create a more detailed profile of yourself on the Website by submitting additional personal information. Please note that even if you do not provide any additional personal information to the Website (e.g. by adding it to your user profile), if you choose a username that includes or reveals your name or any other personal information, such information will then be available to other users of the Website and to the general public. For purposes of this Policy, the terms 'personal information' and 'personally identifiable information' shall mean all information provided during your initial registration on the Website and during your creation of a user profile, including, for example, your real name, e-mail address, location information, your age, your gender and certain other demographic information or information that may enable online or offline contact with you. From the moment you register and begin downloading Audio Torrents using **Tribalmixes** , we will partially monitor your activity on the website and log this information in our databases. This includes which Audio Torrents you listen to or which you have submitted, when you listen to them, how you rate them and so on. We will also monitor and log your music sharing activities. This information relating to your listening (downloading) and music sharing activities can be viewed by all other users of **Tribalmixes**. **Tribalmixes** DOES NOT make any of this information available to any third parties. 

If you choose to purchase music or other goods or services by clicking on a third party link provided on the Website (or, for example, donate to us using Paypal or Alertpay), such third party may collect your personal details (such as your credit card number, address, etc.) for the purpose of completing a transaction. We may be provided with a simple confirmation of your transactions with such third parties. Aside from such confirmations, we do not collect any information on your financial activities initiated by, but finished outside of our website (clicking on an advertisement link). Where you upload photographs or other content as part of your user profile, you should be aware that **Tribalmixes** is entitled to use those photographs and content in accordance with our User Submissions Policy & Disclaimer. **Tribalmixes** discourages users from uploading photographs of friends or other people without their permission. 

2\. **Location-based Information**. We and/or our Trusted Third Party Associates (such as Google, Alexa, Yahoo - mostly for traffic stats) keep track of the domains from which people visit **Tribalmixes** , but we cannot see a user's zip code, post code, city or country unless the user chooses to explicitly provide this information to us. If you do choose to include information about your city or country of residence when setting up your user profile, please be aware that such information may be available for viewing by other users of the Website., but NOT to the general public. We collect also data regarding the users of **Tribalmixes** , including: (i) The Internet Protocol (IP) address of the user's computer. This may or may not be associated with a particular Internet Service Provider (ISP); (ii) The referring URL, if any; (iii) The browser software identification (i.e. the brand and version of your browser software). 

3\. **Use of Personal Information**. We will use the email address provided by you when you register to rarely contact you (several times a year, at most). This may be for security reasons (so that we can check that you are who you say you are in the beginning), to ask your opinion about the Website, or it may be to keep you updated on the services currently available on the Website and any changes to those services and those that we intend to launch in the future. We may also use such personal information to send you notices, on behalf of others and ourselves, regarding products and services that we think may be of interest to you. **Tribalmixes** may also use your personal information and non-personal information to help **Tribalmixes** and its commercial partners deliver targeted advertisements, promotions and other similar initiatives to you. We will not permit any third parties to contact you directly on an unsolicited basis in relation to their own products or services. You may even withdraw from any targeted advertising by using general well-known methods. Your username, together with other information concerning your use of the Website, as well as any personal information included in your user profile, is not available via any **Tribalmixes** ' pages or services. We take great pride in this and will never endanger your personal data in any way. 

4\. Security We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. You should never disclose your account password to unauthorised people. We use certain security measures to help keep your personal information safe, but we cannot guarantee that these measures will stop any users try to get around the privacy or security settings on the Website through unforeseen and/or illegal activity. Consequently, you acknowledge that there are circumstances in which your personal information may be accessed by unauthorised persons. In the event that we believe that the security of your personal information in our possession or control may have been compromised or could be at risk, we may seek to notify you. If a notification is appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your e-mail address, we may notify you by e-mail. You consent to our use of e-mail as a means of such notification. If you prefer for us to use another method to notify you in this situation, please let us know. 

5\. Comments / Communications With Other Users We currently offer the functionality to comment on content and other users on **Tribalmixes**. In the future we may offer other interactive features. Please note that all personal information you display or communicate using such functionality becomes public information and we are not responsible for any information you choose to make public. We may, but have no obligation to, monitor such traffic via electronic software or otherwise in order to check for obscenity, defamation or abusive language, which we reserve the right to remove at any time. In addition, if you choose to personally communicate or meet with any other **Tribalmixes** user by exchanging postal/email addresses, telephone numbers or otherwise via the interactive functionality of **Tribalmixes** , you do so at your own risk. **Tribalmixes** cannot be held responsible for any consequences which flow from your decision to communicate or interact with other **Tribalmixes** users in places or under circumstances which we do not control. We advise you to use extreme caution whenever you post information, submit or share an Audio Torrent, socialise or interact with people whom you have met via the internet. 

6\. **How we use cookies** A cookie is a small file which may be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once the file is added the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. We use traffic log cookies to identify which page layouts are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We also use cookies to identify you as a valid user and to help personalise your **Tribalmixes** experience in conjunction with your profile, but it only sounds Grande, there're less than 10 different cookies being used. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages and searches you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You may refuse to accept cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse cookies. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our site. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you log onto our Website. Please note, our advertisers may also use cookies over which we have no control, advertisers may yet later use such information in Targeted Advertising by providing you similar add on other websites and services. Please, be aware, it is not our doing, we do not explicitely give any information to these third parties/advertisers, in most cases our Platform doesn't know what services are provided and advertised, if you have questions and concerns, you can contact advertisers directly or simply opt our of such personal behavioral advertising strategies. 

7\. **Tribalmixes** complies with the **Data Protection Act 1998 (the 'Act')** , including E.U. Directives. Pursuant to the Act, you have the right to be informed of, and to have access to, all of the personally identifiable information we hold about you, and you may do so by visiting your user profile when logged-in to your account on the Website, or by contacting us via the 'Staff' page . A small admin fee may be payable. We may store information provided by you on our servers in the E.U. and/or elsewhere within the EEA. 

8\. **Tribalmixes Policy for Young People**. Children under the age of 13 are not eligible to use the Website and must not attempt to register with **Tribalmixes** and/or submit any personal information to us. We don't knowingly collect personal information from any person who is under the age of 13 or allow them to register. If it comes to our attention that we have collected personal data from a person under the age of 13, we will delete this information as quickly as possible. If you have reason to believe that this has occurred, please contact us, and we will delete all relevant information. We recommend that children between the ages of 13 and 17 should not send any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet (including to us) without asking their parents/legal guardians for permission beforehand. 

By disclosing any information to **Tribalmixes** through the Website and by using the Website as a registered user, you are consenting to the collection, storage and use of your personal information by **Tribalmixes** as set out in this Policy and the Terms and Conditions. 
