> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the triciastreasure.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-11-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161101122026id_/http%3A//triciastreasure.com/disclosure-polic) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Tricia's TreasuresDisclosure Policy/Privacy Policy -

This policy is valid from 01 December 2014

This blog is a personal blog written and edited by me. For questions about this blog, please contact tricia at triciastreasure dot com.

This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.

The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

The owner(s) of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner(s) of this blog receives compensation for our posts or advertisements, we always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the bloggers’ own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.

This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.  
To get your own policy, go to http://www.disclosurepolicy.org

**What information do we collect?** We collect information from you when you Leave a comment or enter a giveaway.When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or mailing address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on your site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.. **What do we use your information for?** Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:

To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature

**How do we protect your information?**

We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.

**Do we use cookies?**

Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information

We use cookies to keep track of advertisements and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.

**Do we disclose any information to outside parties?**

We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.

**Third party links**

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.

**California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance**

Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.

As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may remove or make changes to the identifying information they have posted in connection with a comment or giveaway.

**Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance**

We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.

**Online Privacy Policy Only**

This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.

## **Cookie Opt Out**

****Gourmet Ads primary ad server is Appnexus and you can opt out of cookies from them by visiting ;  
<http://appnexus.com/platform-policy#choices> and Opting Out.

You can also opt out of cookies using the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page at this page;  
<http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/>

Finally, you can choose to disable or selectively turn off cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings.

**Your Consent**

By using our site, you consent to our [web site privacy policy](http://www.freeprivacypolicy.com/).

**Changes to our Privacy Policy**

If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.

This policy was last modified on 7/6/2012

http://triciastreasure.com.

[](http://www.mylivesignature.com/)

  *   *   *   *   *   * 

