> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the trionworlds.com privacy policy that was archived on 2010-06-14. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20100614071358id_/http%3A//www.trionworlds.com/en/legal/privacy-policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Trion World Network, Inc.: Privacy Policy

### Trion Worlds, Inc. Privacy Policy

Thank you for visiting the corporate Internet web site of Trion Worlds, Inc. (hereinafter referred to as “Trion” or “we” or “us”), located at the URL www.trionworlds.com (the "Site").  This Privacy Policy governs the submission, collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information only from this Site.  Some links from the Site may take you to other web sites or web pages that relate to the entertainment products and services offered by Trion and, if applicable, such sites shall provide notice that they are also subject to this Privacy Policy.  Please be advised that this Privacy Policy does not apply to any information that may be collected by Trion offline (e.g., the provision of personal contact information to customer service representatives via telephone, etc.) or by websites maintained by any third parties that may be linked at any time to the Site.

### Privacy Policy Updates

Due to the Internet's rapidly evolving nature, Trion may need to update this Privacy Policy from time to time. If so, Trion will post our updated Privacy Policy on this Site located at www.trionworld.com/privacypolicy.php along with notice that the Privacy Policy has been changed so you are always aware of what personally identifiable information we may collect and how we may use this information. Trion may also send registered users of the Site e-mail notifications notifying such users of any changes to the Privacy Policy. Trion encourages you to review this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes. Your continued use of this Site and/or continued provision of personally identifiable information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy.

### Information Collection and Use

You can generally visit the Site without revealing any personally identifiable information about yourself.  However, please be advised that we will collect personally identifiable information that you voluntarily choose to disclose from time to time in connection with your use of the Site.  For example, we may collect personally identifiable information (e.g., your name, email address, mailing address, telephone number, and other personal information that you voluntarily submit as part of your communications to us) when you complete an online registration form regarding a particular Trion product or service, contact our customer support department, subscribe to one of our newsletters, complete an online survey or questionnaire, or participate in online chat rooms or message boards, etc.  You may also submit resumes and other personally identifiable information in response to postings about job openings at Trion.  And, for those who elect to purchase any Trion product or service online, we will need to collect the relevant payment information and related billing and shipping address(es).  We will use any such personally identifiable information to communicate with you about the subjects referenced in your communications with any employees, agents or representatives of Trion.  If we collect any personally identifiable information in connection with any particular matters, such information will only be used by Trion to fulfill your requests regarding such matters and for our legitimate business objectives.  For example, you may receive emails containing press releases that you have requested and, in connection with online product registration, we will use the information you submit to provide you with the benefits associated with such registration.  Similarly, any payment information that you disclose will only be used to process and fulfill the specific purchase order(s) that you, at your discretion, choose to submit to Trion.

We may use your personally identifiable information to contact you in order to respond to your communications, to deliver certain services or information you have requested, to verify your identity and authority to access and use the Site, to improve the content, operations and administration of the Site and our related products and services, to process your job application, and to provide you with announcements regarding Trion, including, without limitation, new areas or features of the Site, new products and services, changes to our Privacy Policy, and/or other updates and/or modifications to any or all of the preceding items or related information.

### Children's Privacy

Trion does not intentionally collect personal information from children who are under the age of 13 years old.  We recognize the privacy rights and interests of children that participate in online activities and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in such activities and to instruct their children not to disclose personally identifiable information without the consent of a parent or legal guardian.  This Site is intended for a general audience and is not directed or targeted at children under the age of thirteen.

### Cookies

We may use small text files called cookies to improve overall Site experience.  A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user.  Cookies generally do not permit us to personally identify you.  However, we may use information contained in cookies with other personal information that you choose to disclose to us (e.g., your user name and email address) so that you can participate in various activities and services that are part of the Site.  Please be advised that you can also choose to disable cookies from being stored within your computer.  However, disabling cookies may prevent you from being able to use certain parts of the Site (e.g., an online store, etc.).

### Aggregate Information

The Site may track information that will be maintained, used and disclosed in aggregate form only and which will not contain your personally identifiable information.  Examples of such general demographic information include, without limitation, your age, gender, occupation, hobbies and interests, the total number of visitors to the Site, the number of visitors to any particular web page within the Site, your browser type, and the number of visitors to the External Web Sites (defined below) that are linked to the Site.  We may collect and analyze this general information and related data, in the aggregate, for trends and statistics, and we may use such aggregated information to administer the Site, track users' movements within and away from the Site, to gather broad demographic information regarding use of the Site, and, in general, to enhance your participation and enjoyment of the Site.

### Disclosure

We may provide your personally identifiable information and the data generated by cookies, along with the non-identifiable aggregate information regarding you and your use of the Site, to third-party vendors and service agencies that we may hire to assist us in operating and administering the Site and providing the various products and services that are then-currently offered by Trion for use solely to provide us with such assistance (e.g., the fulfillment of online orders, etc.).  We will also disclose your personally identifiable information if we believe, in good faith, that (a) we are required to do so by applicable law, regulation or other government authority, including, without limitation, in connection with an ongoing investigation by any law enforcement agency or governmental authority, (b) to enforce Trion’s Terms of Use or to otherwise protect our rights and interests, (c) to protect the safety and well-being of the individuals who access and use the Site and any of our products and/or services.  We will not sell your personally identifiable information to any company or organization, but we may disclose and transfer ownership of your personally identifiable information to a successor entity upon a merger, consolidation, reorganization, bankruptcy or other such event in which Trion participates and/or to a purchaser or acquirer of all or substantially all of Trion's assets that relate to the Site.

### Links to Third Party Sites

The Site may provide links to other web sites, web pages and/or online resources that are not owned or operated by Trion and over which Trion does not have control (collectively, "External Web Sites").  Such links do not constitute any sponsorship or endorsement by Trion of any of such External Web Sites.  Please be advised that Trion is providing such links to any External Web Sites only as a convenience to you and the other individuals who access and use the Site.  You acknowledge and agree that Trion does not have any responsibility or liability of any kind or nature for the content that is displayed or otherwise provided by any External Web Sites.  Your decision to access and use any External Web Sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies that have been adopted by the third parties that own and/or operate each of the External Web Sites, respectively.  Trion shall have no obligation or liability to you or any third party with respect to any personal information that you submit and/or that is collected by any web site that is not owned or operated by Trion (even though you may obtain access to such External Web Site by means of a link that is provided within the Site).

### Security

Trion employs commercially reasonable procedural and technological measures, consistent with industry practice, to safeguard the personal information that is collected from individuals who access the Site and use the then-current products and services that are made available as part of the Site.  Such measures are reasonably designed to help protect your personally identifiable information that is under our control from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.  Trion may use encryption, secure socket layer protocols and other security measures to help prevent unauthorized access to and/or misuse of your personally identifiable information.

The computer systems that Trion uses to operate and administer the Site are currently based in the United States, so your personal data will be processed by us in the U.S. where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection of personally identifiable information as in other parts of the world, such as the European Union.  If you are not a resident of the U.S. and you elect to create a user account with Trion by means of the Site, by using your voluntary decision to access and use the Site shall signify and confirm that you agree to abide by all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Privacy Policy and that you knowingly consent to the transfer to and collection in the United States of any and all information that you elect, at your discretion, to disclose and submit to Trion, and to the retention, processing and use of such information as described in this Privacy Policy.

### California Privacy Rights

Since 2005, individuals who are California residents and who access and use the Site are entitled to request certain information regarding the disclosure of their personal information to third parties for use in connection with such third party’s direct marketing activities (See, California Civil Code Section 1793.83).

### Contact Us

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy or regarding our information collection activities or disclosure practices, please contact us via email at [privacy@trionworlds.com](mailto:privacy@trionworlds.com), or by regular mail addressed to: Trion Worlds, Inc., 303 Twin Dolphin Drive, Suite 500, Redwood City, CA 94065, Attn: Privacy Policy Administrator.

This Privacy Policy is effective as of: March 17, 2010

This Privacy Policy was last updated: March 17, 2010

  

