> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tripair.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606130549id_/http%3A//www.tripair.com/eng/PrivacyPolicyTripair.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Tripair.com

### Privacy Policy Protection – Security of transaction

The protection of your privacy is of utmost importance. That said the team of Tripair makes sure that we store only the personal data required by the suppliers (e.g. airlines) for the booking completion and the facilitation of our communication respectively. To be more specific we exclusively store your name, surname, e-mail address, and mobile phone. 

Additional info (e.g. frequency of traveling and preferences) may be requested strictly for statistical purposes and for the improvement of our services. Nevertheless, the provision of info as such is optional.

The aforementioned personal data is recorded and stored automatically when you proceed with any online purchase through our website. This info is used solely to facilitate the reservation process and so that we are able to manage the booking following its completion (in case needed). Also this data is used for purposes of analysis which is performed in-house under strict safety measures in order to improve the quality of our offered services. Nevertheless, under no condition this data is transferred to third parties other than our associated companies which are selected by you during the online booking process (providers and suppliers of the travel product such as travel insurance companies, car rentals etc).

Your data is stored so that we are able to adjust the travel product to your personal needs and to provide you with useful information and attractive offers. You hold the right to declare at any time that you do not wish to receive notifications and services as such. Tripair is willing to contact you directly and free of charge in case you wish to receive more specifications with regard to the use of your personal data. We have been accredited by Thawte, an established Certificate Authority which is acknowledged by browser vendors worldwide, with an SSL web server certificate (Secure Socket Layer). This certificate guarantees that the most technologically advanced methods in the online market are used by Tripair in terms of security. Through the Secure Sockets Layer protocol encrypted communications are enabled between web servers and web browsers. Additionally, this certificate serves as web credential for the trustworthiness of our domain, hence our Online Travel Agency. Each transaction performed through our web site involves a process of encrypted data transmission which means that the payment data (e.g. credit card details)are fully protected in a way that the online payment through Tripair is highly recommended in comparison with provision of data as such though any other way. 

Nevertheless, it is not always possible to guarantee 100% the data security which is transmitted online, which means that the user is to be held responsible for the protection of their personal details released online. 

Like most companies that provide internet services and in order to improve the use of the website, Tripair uses 'cookies': The cookies form part of your browser and store data about the use of the site on your hard disk. In this case we are allowed to identify your H/Y the next time you enter Tripair to book your ticket. You have always the ability to use the site without cookies, but bear in mind that it is much to navigate and profit from our services offered by enabling the use of cookies. Most browsers accept cookies automatically. Of course you may erase all cookies from your hard disk any time. You may also modify the settings of your browser to not accept cookies without your consent. The use of cookies is not linked in any way with your personal information.

Please do not hesitate to contact us at [tripair@tripair.com](mailto:tripair@tripair.com) should you have any queries about the security standards of Tripair which ensure the online safety of your personal data. 
