> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the triptease.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209073438id_/http%3A//triptease.com/pages/privacy_policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Triptease | Privacy Policy

### Privacy policy

Triptease is an online community website (the “Site” or "Triptease") and a corresponding application for mobile devices (the "Application") that allows you to discover gear and places related to your hobbies and passions. Triptease users can view each other' profiles, share opinions about their favorite products and locations, ask and answer questions, share photos and videos, post comments, and describe their interests and experience. To enrich our members' experience, we request and display personal information to other members and visitors, which allows our users to identify each other and expand their network of friends and followers. Triptease members create their profiles, and have the ability to change their profile information at any time. Triptease cares deeply about online privacy. If you have any questions concerning this Privacy Policy or about Triptease’s views on Privacy with regard to our Products and Services, please email us at privacy[at]triptease.com. Triptease collects personal information to improve the manner by which we operate and offer our products and services, communicate with you about those products and services, and provide effective, timely customer support when needed. We will never rent or sell any personally-identifiable information we collect from you to third parties, and will not share your personally identifiable information with third parties without your consent, other than as set forth in this Privacy Policy or unless such sharing is necessary for the purposes set forth in this Privacy Policy. 

This Privacy Policy applies only to information that you provide to us through this Site. This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time.  We will notify you of any material changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to consult this policy regularly for any changes. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Triptease Terms of Service [www.triptease.comf/pages/terms_of_use](https://web.archive.org/pages/terms_of_use). 

### Information Collection and Use

Our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our Site, Application, services, features and content, to administer your Membership (together, the “Service”) and to enable users to enjoy and easily navigate the Site. 

### Personally Identifiable Information.

When you register with us through the Site or Application to become a Triptease Member, we will ask you for personally identifiable information. This refers to information about you that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information includes, but is not limited to, your name, websites and email address. You can register to join Triptease via the Site or Application or by logging into your account with certain third party social networking sites (“SNS”) (including, but not limited to, Facebook and Twitter) via our Site. If you decide to create your Account by logging into a SNS via the Site, we will extract the Personal Information you have provided to the SNS (such as your “real” name, email address and other information you make publicly available via the SNS) from the account you have with such SNS and use that information to create your Account; the information we extract may depend on the privacy settings you have with the SNS. For example, our Service allows users to create an account and login to the Service using their Facebook account credentials through Facebook Open Graph. If you are not currently registered as a Member and you click on “Sign in with Facebook,” you will first be asked to enter your Facebook credentials and then be given the option to register and join Triptease. By using Facebook Open Graph,you are allowing Triptease to access your Facebook account information and you are agreeing to the Facebook Terms of Use regarding your use of the Service via Facebook. 

l 
  * We use your Personal Information mainly to provide the Service and administer your inquiries.
  * We also collect the other information that you provide as part of registration and the administration and personalization of your profile webpage (e.g., without limitation, zip code (on its own) and individual preferences) (“Non-Identifying Information”). 
  * We use your Personal Information (in some cases, in conjunction with your Non-Identifying Information) mainly to provide the Service, and administer your inquiries.
  * Certain Non-Identifying Information would be considered a part of your Personal Information if it were combined with other identifiers (for example, combining your zip code with your street address) in a way that enables you to be identified. But the same pieces of information are considered Non-Identifying Information when they are taken alone or combined only with other non-identifying information (for example, your viewing preferences). We may combine your Personal Information with Non-Identifying Information and aggregate it with information collected from other Triptease Users (defined below) to attempt to provide you with a better experience, to improve the quality and value of the Service and to analyze and understand how our Site and Service are used. We may also use the combined information without aggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance to deliver a product to you according to your preferences or restrictions.
  * We also use your Personal Information to contact you with Triptease newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications or update your “user preferences” information. (See “Changing or Deleting Information,” below.) 
  * Log Data. When you visit the Site, whether as a Triptease Member or a non-registered user just browsing (any of these, a “Triptease User”), our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website (“Log Data”). This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type or the webpage you were visiting before you came to our Site, pages of our Site that you visit, the time spent on those pages, information you search for on our Site, access times and dates, and other statistics. We use this information to monitor and analyze use of the Site and the Service and for the Site’s technical administration, to increase our Site’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors’ needs. For example, some of this information is collected so that when you visit the Site again, it will recognize you and serve advertisements and other information appropriate to your interests. We also use this information to verify that visitors to the Site meet the criteria required to process their requests. We do not treat Log Data as Personal Information or use it in association with other Personal Information, though we may aggregate, analyze and evaluate such information for the same purposes as stated above regarding other Non-Identifying Information. 



### Cookies

Like many websites, we use “cookies” to collect information. We use cookies for two purposes. First, we utilize persistent cookies to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Site. Second, we utilize session ID cookies to enable certain features of the Site, to better understand how you interact with the Site and to monitor aggregate usage by Triptease Users and web traffic routing on the Site. Unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from your computer when you log off from the Site and Service and then close your browser. Third party advertisers on the Site may also place or read cookies on your browser. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all portions of the Site or all functionality of the Service. 

### Phishing

Identity theft and the practice currently known as “phishing” are of great concern to Triptease. Safeguarding information to help protect you from identity theft is a top priority. We do not and will not, at any time, request your credit card information, your account ID, login password, or national identification numbers in a non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication. For more information about phishing, visit the Federal Trade Commission’s website. 

### Information Sharing and Disclosure

Triptease Members. We will display your Personal Information in your profile page and elsewhere on the Site. Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want other Triptease Users to know about you. We recommend that you guard your sensitive information and we encourage members to think carefully about what information about themselves they disclose in their profile pages. You can review and revise your profile information at any time. 

Aggregate Information and Non-Identifying Information. We may share aggregated information that does not include Personal Information and we may otherwise disclose Non-Identifying Information and Log Data with third parties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and other purposes. Any aggregated information shared in these contexts will not contain your Personal Information. 

Service Providers. We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Site-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenance services, database management, web analytics and improvement of the Site’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our Site and Service are used. These third parties have access to your Personal Information only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose. We may also provide Personal Information to our business partners or other trusted entities for the purpose of providing you with information on goods or services we believe will be of interest to you. You can, at any time, opt out of receiving such communications. 

Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement. Triptease cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We will disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims and legal process (including but not limited to subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of Triptease or a third party, to protect the safety of the public or any person, or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to pose a risk of being, any illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity. 

Business Transfers. Triptease may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your Personal Information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. Triptease will notify you before transferring your information to a new entity as part of a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of some or all of its assets if the new entity's processing of your information will materially differ from that set forth in this Privacy Policy. 

Facebook Open Graph and Twitter API. We allow users to automatically post recent activity to Facebook or Twitter, and give them the option to disable Facebook Open Graph and Twitter API at any time by logging into their profile and selecting the option to disable Facebook Open Graph or Twitter API. Further, you may be able to edit your privacy settings for the content that you post which appears on Facebook by making selections in your account settings via the Site and Application. 

### Changing or Deleting Your Information

All Members may review, update, correct or delete the Personal Information in their registration profile through 'edit' option in the Profile section. If you completely delete all such information, then your account may become deactivated. If you would like us to delete your record in our system, please contact us at privacy[at]triptease.com with a request that we delete your Personal Information from our database. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to honor your request. We may retain an archived copy of your records as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. 

### Security

Triptease is very concerned with safeguarding your information. We employ reasonable physical, technological, and administrative security measures and attempt to ensure they are applicable under the circumstances.  No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 

We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicable state statutes on security breach notification) to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system. 

### International Transfer

Your information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, Triptease transfers Personal Information to the United States and processes it there. Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer. 

### Triptease is not "Error-Free"

We sometimes release beta versions of our products, which are further refined before the release to you of the "final" versions. Because these products may still be in a testing phase, we may not always catch an unintended privacy issue, despite our best efforts to do so (we do care about privacy!). As such, we welcome comments on any privacy concerns you may have, and on how to improve our products generally, in all stages of release. Triptease does not guarantee error-free performance under this Privacy Policy. We will use reasonable efforts to comply with this Privacy Policy and will take prompt corrective action when we learn of any failure to comply with our Privacy Policy. Triptease shall not be liable for any incidental, consequential or punitive damages relating to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy shall be governed by the laws of the United Kingdom. 

### Third-Party Advertising

Our Site contains ads with links to other websites. If you choose to visit an advertiser by “clicking on” a banner ad or other type of advertisement, or click on another third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s website. The fact that we link to a website or present a banner ad or other type of advertisement is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacy or information security policies or practices. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personal information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit. 

### Our Policy Toward Children 

This Site is not directed to children under 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with Personal Information without their consent, he or she should contact us at privacy[at]triptease.com. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our files. 

### Contacting Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at [info@triptease.com](mailto:info@triptease.com).
