> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the tristarhost.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-09-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110908024344id_/http%3A//tristarhost.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Tristarhost.com

We can be reached via e-mail at sales@TriStarHost.com. For each visitor to our web page, our web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations. With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site . If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.

From time to time, we make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.

From time to time, we make our customer e-mail list available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we think you might find interesting. If you do not want us to share your e-mail address with other companies or organizations, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above.

With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will contact you before we use your data for these new purposes to notify you of the policy change and to provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically, we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by e-mailing us at the above address.

Upon request we provide site visitors with access to all information [including proprietary information] that we maintain about them, financial information (e.g., credit card account information) that we maintain about them, unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, communications that the consumer/visitor has directed to our site (e.g., e-mails, customer inquiries), contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them , a description of information that we maintain about them, no information that we have collected and that we maintain about them. Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address.

Upon request we offer visitors no ability to have factual inaccuracies corrected in information that we maintain about them. With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a safe server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site.

If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at sales@TriStarHost.com.  

