> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rockstarenergy.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-06-08. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130608234526id_/http%3A//rockstarenergy.com/company/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy and Terms & Conditions - Rockstar Energy Drink

## ROCKSTAR WEBSITE PRIVACY POLICY

This Privacy Policy constitutes an integral part of the Terms & Conditions that govern your use of the www.rockstar69.com website (“Site”), which is owned and operated by Rockstar, Inc. (“Rockstar”). This Privacy Policy also constitutes part of the terms and conditions (such as official rules) that govern your participation in any and all online and offline activities sponsored by Rockstar (each, a “Rockstar Sponsored Event”). 

Rockstar respects your online privacy. This Privacy Policy informs you of what information we may collect from or about you on our Site, how we may use such information, and your rights and choices regarding our use of your information. PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OUR SITE. By using our Site or participating in a Rockstar Sponsored Event, you acknowledge that you have read this Privacy Policy, and agree to be bound by it. If you do not agree to any of the terms contained in this Privacy Policy, please refrain from using our Site or disclosing personal information on our Site or participating in any Rockstar Sponsored Event. 

Notice to California Residents – Your California Privacy Rights 

We may share customer information with non-affiliated parties so that they may offer, market and advertise products and services directly to our customers. Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1798.83, you may opt out of having your personal information shared with third parties at no charge by sending us an email at optout.nonaffiliate@rockstar69.com which must include your request, including your name, phone number, and email address. You may also request any information concerning you previously disclosed by Rockstar by sending an email to privacy@rockstar69.com which must include the same information. Please note that Rockstar is not required to respond to such requests regarding disclosed information more than once in a calendar year, nor are we required to respond to any request which is not sent to the email address designated above. 

#### 1\. TYPES OF INFORMATION WE COLLECT

(a) Personal Information. This refers to your personally identifiable information, which may include your first and last name, telephone number, email address, mailing address, and Payment Account Information (as defined below). Many areas and features on our Site do not require registration and may be accessed by you without having to disclose any Personal Information. However, to the extent you voluntarily provide your Personal Information to us, we collect such information. For example, we collect Personal Information from you: (i) when you register to become a member on our Site; (ii) when you register to participate in a Rockstar Sponsored Event; (iii) when you join our electronic mailing list; (iv) when you purchase a product from us online (in such event we collect your credit card or other payment account information (“Payment Account Information”) in order for us to accept, process, manage and fulfill a purchase order as well as to process a return and refund request from you after the purchase); and/or (v) when you submit a request or inquiry to us on our Site (each of the foregoing is referred to hereinafter as a “Transaction or Request”). Whether or not to disclose Personal Information is completely your choice. However, without your information, we will not be able to process your Transaction or Request. 

(b) Aggregate and Anonymous Information. This refers to any information that does not identify you individually. For example, we collect aggregate various traffic data regarding our Site. We may also combine “User Activity Information” (as described below) about you and other users of our Site to generate aggregate information that reflects activities, habits, preferences, interests, etc. about our users as a group. In addition, we may take Personal Information and make it non-personally identifiable, such as by aggregating your information with information about other individuals, or by removing personally-identifiable elements (such as names) so as to anonymize your information. 

(c) User Activity Information. This refers to information we collect about user activities on our Site. For example, our Site servers automatically collect and log clickstream data for all visitors to our Site, such as IP addresses, page requests, pages visited, content viewed, clicks and search queries made, etc. We also use cookies and web beacons to collect user activity information on our Site. 

To the extent we use User Activity Information in a manner that identifies a specific user individually, it will be treated as Personal Information. Otherwise, User Activity Information will be treated as Aggregate and Anonymous Information. 

#### 2\. OUR USE OF INFORMATION

Rockstar uses information collected from and/or about our users and customers to improve our products and services, to improve the pages and content of our Site, to administer and maintain operations of our Site, to administer and manage transactions and relationships with our users and customers, to offer, market and advertise products and services to our users and customers, and to conduct market research and analysis. 

(a) For Transactional, Administrative, and Customer Relations Purposes. If you provide Personal Information to us in connection with a Transaction or Request, we will use your information to process, administer, manage, and communicate with you regarding such Transaction or Request. If you provide your email address or mailing address to us, we may use such address to send you notices of a transactional, administrative or customer relationship nature or as required by law, such as notice of a material change in this Privacy Policy and/or the Terms and Conditions for our Site, notice of an actual security breach that affects your Personal Information stored by or for us, etc. 

(b) For Marketing and Advertising Purposes. We may use your Personal Information and/or User Activity Information to offer, market and advertise to you, on our Site and/or via email, our and/or third-party products and services that may be of interest to you. 

(c) For Market Research Purposes. We may use Aggregate and Anonymous Information (including such information derived from Personal Information and User Activity Information) to conduct market research and analysis for ourselves as well as for our sponsors and business partners. 

#### 3\. DISCLOSURE TO THIRD PARTIES OUTSIDE ROCKSTAR

(a) Disclosure to Non-Affiliates for Direct Marketing/Advertising Purposes. We do not, but may in the future, share your Personal Information with non-affiliated third parties so that they may offer, market and advertise products and services directly to you. If and when that happens, we will provide our customers with advance notice and the choice to opt out of such information sharing. 

Please note, however, that under no circumstances do we knowingly share your Payment Account Information with non-affiliated third parties for direct marketing and advertising purposes (except with your prior consent). 

(b) Disclosure to Co-Sponsors. From time to time, we may co-sponsor (online and offline) events and/or product/service offerings with non-affiliated third parties. If you participate in such co-sponsored events or offerings, any Personal Information and User Activity Information we collect from you based on your participation may be shared with our co-sponsors who may use such information for their own marketing and advertising purposes. You must contact our co-sponsors directly in order to opt out of their use of your information for marketing and advertising purposes. 

(c) Disclosure to Service Providers. We may disclose your Personal Information and User Activity Information to our outside vendors and contractors who need to access such information in order to perform their services (including, without limitation, transaction/payment processing, order fulfillment, survey/contest/sweepstakes administration and prize fulfillment, data research and analysis, data collection and processing, data storage, data security, hosting and technical support for our Site, and marketing and advertising support) to us (collectively, “Service Providers”). We generally require that our Service Providers use your information shared by us solely for the purposes of performing their services to us and that they maintain the confidentiality, security and integrity of such information and not further disclose the information to others. 

(d) Disclosure Under Other Circumstances. We may disclose your Personal Information and User Activity Information to others if doing so is required by law, or in our good faith belief, is reasonably necessary to comply with any legal process, law enforcement, to enforce this Privacy Policy, respond to an emergency, or protect the rights, property or safety of Rockstar, and/or the public. 

(e) Unrestricted Disclosure of Aggregate and Anonymous Information. Given the anonymous, non-personally identifiable nature of such information, there are no restrictions under this Privacy Policy on how we may use or disclose such information. For example, we may freely share such information with non-affiliated third parties who may use such data for their own marketing, advertising, research, or other business purposes. We may also freely share such information with our Service Providers in order for them to perform services for us. 

#### 4\. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE: YOUR CHOICES

(a) Opt-Out for Email Marketing. When you register to become a member on our Site or to participate in a Rockstar Sponsored Event, we may provide you with the opportunity to opt out of receiving marketing emails from us at that time. Even if you do not exercise the opt-out choice when you disclose your Personal Information to Rockstar, you may subsequently exercise such choice at any time, by sending your request to us via email at optout.marketing@rockstar69.com, or by using the “Unsubscribe” link provided in a marketing email you may have previously received from us. Please note, however, that your opt-out will apply only to marketing and promotional emails from us and will not stop email communications from us relating to your Transaction or Request, such as notice of a material change in this Privacy Policy and/or the Terms and Conditions for our Site, notice of an actual or suspected security breach that affects your Personal Information stored by or for us, etc. 

Please also note that if the email address you provide to us is a “wireless” email address (i.e. the address is designated by a wireless service carrier specifically for transmitting emails to a wireless device), we will not send marketing emails to that address without your prior opt-in consent. The FCC has established a list of domain names used by wireless service providers to transmit emails to wireless devices at http://www.fcc.gov/cgb/policy/DomainNameDownload.html. Wireless service providers must add new domain names to this list within 30 days of activating them. If your email address contains a domain name on this list (after the “@” symbol), then we will treat your email address as a wireless email address. However, the mere fact that you can retrieve emails from your regular Internet email account on your mobile/wireless device does not make your Internet email address a “wireless” email address.(b) Opt-Out for Disclosure to Non-Affiliates for Direct Marketing/Advertising Purposes. We do not currently, but may in the future, share your Personal Information with non-affiliated third parties so that they may offer, market and advertise products and services directly to you. You may at any time opt out of such information sharing, by sending your request to us via email at optout.nonaffiliate@rockstar69.com. We may also provide you with an opportunity to opt out at the time you register for a Rockstar Sponsored Event, such as by checking an opt-out box on the registration page. 

#### 5\. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION

Rockstar understands the importance of protecting the security and integrity of personal information that our customers have shared with us, and will endeavor to safeguard your Personal Information. All Payment Account Information provided by you in connection with an online transaction with our Site will be protected by encryption using the standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol, and we retain your Payment Account Information for only as long as is necessary to process your membership and other related transactions with us. It is also important for you to protect against unauthorized access to any passwords and to your computer. We will attempt to notify you in the event we become aware of a breach or suspected breach of the security of your Personal Information stored by us. 

While Rockstar will attempt to safeguard your Personal Information, it cannot guarantee the absolute security of such information. You understand and agree that Rockstar shall not be liable for any breach of the security of your Personal Information resulting from causes or events that are beyond Rockstar’s control, including, without limitation, your own act or omission, corruption of storage media, defects in third-party data security products or services, power failures, natural phenomena, riots, acts of vandalism, hacking, sabotage, or terrorism. Please note that any information that you post in any public, community or interactive areas on our Site (e.g. chat rooms, bulletin boards, message boards, and discussion groups) will be accessible to, and may be collected and used by, others and may result in unsolicited or unwanted messages or contact from others. 

#### 6\. USE OF COOKIES 

We may send cookies, which are small pieces of data, to your web browser to facilitate your use of the Site. Cookies help us deliver content specific to your interests and permit our servers to recall information from your prior to visits to our Site. We may use information collected from cookies together with Personal Information we have collected from you. We do not use cookies to access information on your computer or device. You can choose whether to accept cookies by adjusting the settings of your browser. If your browser is set to reject cookies, you may still enter our Site, but you may not have full access to all areas within our Site. 

#### 7\. LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES

Our Site may contain links to third-party websites that are now owned or controlled by or affiliated with Rockstar. Rockstar is not responsible for the privacy practices of such third-party sites. Once you enter such a third-party site, this Privacy Policy will no longer apply, and any information collected from or about you on that third-party site will be governed by the privacy policy of that third party. Such third-party sites’ privacy policies and practices may be substantially different from those of Rockstar. They may send their own cookies to you and may collect data about you and make use of that data in ways that we would not. You access such third-party sites entirely at your own risk. You should always read the privacy policy for a third-party site before disclosing any personal information on such site. 

#### 8\. PROTECTING CHILDREN

Our Site is not designed or intended for children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 on our Site. Children under the age of 13 will not be permitted to register on our Site. If we discover that any registration is made by an underage child, such registration will be immediately and permanently canceled and removed from our Site, with or without notice. 

#### 9\. CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY

We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy from time to time in our sole discretion. For example, we may amend this Privacy Policy in order to address new developments in federal and state consumer privacy laws, or to conform to changing industry practices. If we make changes to this Privacy Policy, we will announce and post such changes on our Site for the general public. If you are a registered user, we may also notify you of the changes via email. By continuing to use our Site after such notice, you are bound by this Privacy Policy as modified. 

#### 10\. OUR CONTACT INFORMATION

Should you have questions about this Privacy Policy or our information collection, use and disclosure practices, you may contact us at privacy@rockstar69.com. We will use reasonable efforts to respond promptly to requests, questions or concerns you may have regarding our use of Personal Information about you. 
