> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rocketdivision.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-09-01. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170901012605id_/http%3A//www.starwindsoftware.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# StarWind Privacy Policy | StarWind Software

PLEASE READ THIS DOCUMENT CAREFULLY. IT CONTAINS IMPORTANT INFORMATION THAT YOU SHOULD KNOW BEFORE CONTINUING TO USE STARWIND’S WEBSITE. BY VISITING STARWIND’S WEBSITE AT [https://www.starwindsoftware.com](https://www.starwindsoftware.com/) AND/OR BY COMPLETING ANY FORMS ACROSS THE STARWIND WEBSITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU ACCEPT THE PRACTICES AND POLICES DETAILED IN THIS PRIVACY POLICY.  This Privacy Policy is meant to help you make an informed decision about whether to use or continue using the Starwind Website and/or Services. If you do not agree to our practices, please do not use the Starwind Website and/or Services. Your use of the Starwind’s Website and/or Services provided herein, is subject to this privacy statement (“Privacy Policy”) and Starwind’s Terms of Service located at: <https://www.starwindsoftware.com/terms>. 

This Privacy Policy outlines privacy practices of Starwind Software Inc., a Commonwealth of Massachusetts corporation (“Starwind” and/or “we”), and use of [https://www.starwindsoftware.com](https://www.starwindsoftware.com/), including all content, information, graphics, documents, text, products, services, and all other elements and products and/or services offered through the Website, and other related websites owned and/or operated by Starwind (together, the “Website”). 

Starwind has a strong commitment to providing superior service to all of its customers, and particularly Starwind respects your concerns about privacy. As you use our Website, we may gather certain personal and other information from you. We have created this Privacy Policy to inform you of the type of information we gather, what we do with that information, and the circumstances under which we may disclose your information. We ask that you please read this Privacy Policy carefully prior to using our products and Services. 

We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information or a list of our users to third parties. However, as described in greater detail below, there are limited circumstances under which some of your information may be shared with third parties, under strict restrictions. 

This Privacy Policy contains numerous general and technical details describing the steps that we take to protect your privacy. We have organized this Privacy Policy by major topic areas so that you can quickly locate to the information of most interest to you. Meeting your needs and expectations is the foundation of everything that we do —including protecting your privacy. 

If after reviewing this Privacy Policy you still have questions or privacy concerns please contact us and our technical support services at: [info@starwind.com](mailto:info@starwind.com). 

## Summary

**Intent.** This Privacy Policy will inform you of the following: (1) the type of personally identifiable information we collect through our Website as well as our products and services; (2) how your information is used; (3) with whom your information may be shared; (4) what choices are available to you regarding the collection, use, and distribution of your information; (5) the security procedures in place to protect your information; and (6) how you can access and correct any inaccuracies in the information collected about you. 

**Other Agreements.** Although we do our best to make sure that all our agreements with users are mutually compatible, should there arise any conflict between this Privacy Policy and another agreement between you and Starwind, the terms of the other agreement will control any dispute that may arise. 

**Governing Law.** A note about our Website: By using Starwind’s Website you agree that this Privacy Policy, Terms of Service and any other agreement relating to Starwind’s Website shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, USA without regard to its conflict of law rules and principles. If you are a resident of the United States for purpose of determining of personal jurisdiction, the federal and state courts within the Commonwealth of Massachusetts shall have exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute arising out of this Privacy Policy. You agree that this Privacy Policy is to be performed in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and that any action, dispute, controversy, or claim that may be instituted based on this Privacy Policy, or arising out of or related to this Privacy Policy or any alleged breach thereof, shall be prosecuted exclusively in the state and federal courts in of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and you, to the extent permitted by applicable law, hereby waive the right to change venue to any other state, county, district or jurisdiction; provided, however, that Starwind as claimant shall be entitled to initiate proceedings in any court of competent jurisdiction. If you are a non-US resident you hereby agree that any dispute, controversy or claim arising or concerning this Privacy Policy shall be determined and settled by arbitration in accordance with the International Chamber of Commerce accordance with the Rules of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (the “Rules”). The claimant party shall appoint one arbitrator and the respondent party shall appoint one arbitrator, and the two arbitrators so appointed shall appoint the third arbitrator, and in in accordance with the provisions of the Rules. The place of arbitration shall be Boston, Massachusetts, the USA. The language of the arbitration shall be English. Any award granted by the arbitrator(s) shall be final and binding upon the involved parties and shall constitute the sole and exclusive remedy for any dispute between the involved parties regarding the issue at dispute resolved by such arbitration. 

## Changes in the Privacy Policy

We want you to always be aware of what personal and other information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we may disclose it. All personal information that we collect will be handled according to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time the information is collected. If the Privacy Policy changes in any significant respect, we will not use your Personal Information in a manner that is inconsistent with the Privacy Policy in effect at the time your Personal Information was collected without your permission. 

You acknowledge that we have the right, at our sole discretion, to modify any terms or conditions of this Privacy Policy without notice to you. Any modifications to this Privacy Policy will be effective immediately following the posting of such changes on the website. For this reason, we encourage you to review this Privacy Policy on a periodic basis. 

## A. COLLECTED INFORMATION

## Providing information

We receive and store any information you enter when using our Website or provide to us in any other manner. The information is collected to enable the Website to function correctly and to allow you to use it. We also use this information to better understand how you use our Website and how we can better tune the Website, its contents and functionality to meet your needs. 

## Third Party Providers/Access to Third Party Sites

**Generally.** Not all content of our Website is owned and controlled by us. We may share your information with service providers and other third parties who are working with us to perform functions and process user data on our behalf. 

**Third Party Providers.** Our Website may contain links to content owned and/or operated by third-party vendors and/or suppliers (“Third-Party Providers”). These Third-Party Providers may drop cookies and/or use web beacons on your device, which may be used to identify your preferences or to recognize if you have previously had contact with these third parties, and otherwise, collect information about you and/or your online activities across different websites and over time through your use of the Website. Please note that any information collected through Third-Party Providers is collected directly by these third parties for use (in part) by such third parties, subject to their own privacy practices and policies. We do not control these Third-Party Providers, their content, or their information collection practices and are not responsible for their privacy policies or practices. Please direct all concerns regarding any Third-Party Provider website to that website’s administrator or webmaster. 

**Third-Party Advertisers.** We may use third party advertising companies to display advertisements when you use the Website. These companies may use general information about your use of the Website to provide specialized advertisements tailored to you. If you would like more information about this practice, please direct such concerns to the advertising company’s administrator or webmaster. 

**Third-Party Applications.** We may also make third party applications available through our Website, such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, LinkedIn, and/or other social, professional, and recreational websites (“Third Party Applications”). Please note that when you enable a Third Party Application any information collected by us is processed under this Privacy Policy while any information collected by the third parties is governed by their respective privacy policy. For example, if you link your Starwind account to Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram, Starwind will ask for your permission to access your content and information and the content and information others have shared with you. When this information is accessed, it is governed by Starwind’s Privacy Policy. However, other Third Party Applications, such as advertisements, may also access this information, and their respective privacy policies then govern the collected information. If you would like to learn more about their practices, please contact the Third Party Applications’ administrator or webmaster. 

Our Website and/or Services may include features and functionalities provided by third parties and other services. Starwind may ask you to download, register, or accept the services of these third parties. However, please keep in mind that by enabling and accepting such third party services, you are allowing Starwind to pass along the Personal Information stored by Starwind to and from these third parties. We highly recommend reviewing our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service for more information about how Starwind’s use, storage, and disclosure of your information affects you. Privacy Policy and Terms of Service available at: <https://www.starwindsoftware.com/privacy-policy> and <https://www.starwindsoftware.com/terms>. The way these third parties use your information is subject to their own privacy policies, not those of Starwind. When using our Website and/or Services and services of third parties, your information may become publicly available to other users of the Website and/or Services and third parties. When you choose to disclose your information publicly, you do so at your own risk and we assume no responsibility for the way in which your information is used by third parties. Please keep in mind the third parties’ use of information that you chose to disclose is outside of our oversight and knowledge. As such, your information may be subject to abuse, misuse, and monitoring by others and we can neither control nor be responsible for any such actions by the users and you assume all risks associated with such actions. 

**Opt-Out.** To opt out of sharing information with any of the third party partners described above, please send an email to [opt-out@starwind.com](mailto:opt-out@starwind.com) from the email address you used to register your account. Some third parties have access to your personal information only to perform services on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose it or use it for any other purposes. Some of these service providers and other third parties, such as analytics providers, may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites or online services when you use our services. We are not responsible for the actions of third parties, nor are we responsible for any additional information you provide directly to any third parties. 

**Other Sharing.** We may also share your information: 

  * When you give us consent to do so;
  * With our corporate affiliates;
  * When we believe in good faith that we are lawfully authorized or required to do so or that doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or legal processes or respond to lawful requests, including responding to lawful subpoenas, warrants or court orders;
  * To enforce our Privacy Policy, our Terms of Service, or our other policies or agreements; and 
  * In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition, or in any other situation where personal information may be disclosed or transferred as one of our business assets.



## Information We Collect.

**Generally.** We collect information to provide better services to users of our Website and Services. The information collected when you visit the Website, register, and/or interact with the Website and/or Services. The information we gather falls into two categories: (1) information you actively provide (for instance, when you create an account), and (2) information we collect through your use of our Website and Services. 

**Information you provide.** As you use our Website and sign up for various services, you may be asked to provide us with personal information, which is information that personally identifies you, such as your name, email address, telephone number, billing information, Third-Party Application usernames, use information regarding your use of our Website, and browser information, or other data which can be reasonable linked to you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information may also include information you provide when you register on our Website, register or return a Starwind product and/or service, subscribe to any of our services, search for a product, place an order on our Website, participate in discussion forums or other social media functions on our Website, enter a competition, promotion or survey, participate in a training session or other event, or download software and apps. 

If you subscribe to certain services available through our Website or purchase and/or download any of our products and services, we will ask you for such Personal Information. When ordering products and services from our Website, you may be asked to provide a credit card number, account and/or billing information. This information is collected and processed by an online payment services (for example, PayPal®), which we use for payment processing. Understanding the sensitive nature of information, we use reputable online payment services 

Personal Information is also required for such purposes as allowing you to set up an user account and profile that can be used to interact with other users through the Website, improving the content of the Website, customizing the advertising and content you see, and communicating with you about specials and new features. It is completely optional for you to engage in these activities and/or make any purchases from Starwind and therefore to provide us with your Personal Information. 

You may be provided an opportunity to subscribe to a periodic newsletter and product and/or services updates from us. The subscription service requires you to provide your first and last name, your email address, and other Personal Information. You will be given the opportunity to choose the type of information we provide to you and will be provided with an opportunity to Opt-out from receiving the information altogether by either making appropriate choice to your account or by writing to our technical support services at: [info@starwind.com](mailto:info@starwind.com). 

If you send us a request, such as reporting a problem with the Website or requesting any support, we reserve the right to publish it (absent any Personal Information) in order to help us clarify or respond to your request or help other users. 

In the process of supporting our Website, we may discover Personal Information associated with your account. The only Personal Information we may discover during the support process without your consent includes your email address and the names of any organizations to which you belong. Any further information will not be discovered without your consent. 

In the process of supporting our Website, we may need to investigate the data within your account, including data you have entered while browsing the Website or ordering or downloading product and/or services. If this occurs, we will always request your explicit permission before looking at the data in your account. 

The information you submit to us may be transferred across national boundaries and may be stored and processed in any of the countries in which we (and our affiliates) maintain offices or web hosting servers. In certain countries, or with respect to certain activities, the collection, transferring, storage, and processing of your information may be undertaken by our trusted vendors. You hereby expressly agree and acknowledge that information, including your personal information, may be transferred and stored outside the borders of your country and/or location. 

You are responsible for maintaining the accuracy of the information you submit to us, such as your contact information provided as part of account registration. If your personal information changes, or if you no longer wish to use our Websites, you may correct, delete inaccuracies, or amend information by making the change on our member information page or by contacting us at: [info@starwind.com](mailto:info@starwind.com). We will make good faith efforts to address the requested changes in our then active databases as soon as reasonably practicable. 

**Information We Receive From Your Use of Our Website and/or Services.** We collect certain non-personally-identifying information when you use our Website and/or Services, including: (1) information about your interaction with the Website and/or Services, including the actions you take on the Website and/or Services and your interaction with other users, Third-Party Providers, Third-Party Advertisers, and Third-Party Applications; and (2) technical and device information, such as unique device identifiers, wireless service provider or mobile carrier, operating system information, IP address, browser type, language preference, and referring site, and location information. 

We may also collect more detailed information about your visit to the Website, including the full Uniform Resource Locators ("URL") clickstream to, through and from our Website (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; page response times; download errors; length of visits to certain pages; videos watched; page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs); and methods used to browse away from the page; and any phone number or email address used to contact customer support. 

Please note that in order to provide the Website and/or Services, Starwind may collect and process information about your actual location and share it with other users or third parties. Our use of location-specific information enables you to use our Website and/or Services in the most effective way. When you use our location-specific Website and/or Services, we collect and process information about your actual location, via GPS signals sent by your mobile device. We may also use other technologies to determine location, based on nearby Wi-Fi access points, satellites, or cell towers. Additional information regarding your location and that of other users will be collected and saved by Starwind, and may include: your mobile device identification number, web requests, IP and web addresses, domain names, search terms, pages viewed, page features, number of clicks, as well as the dates, times, and results of searches. 

We collect this non-personally-identifying information in order to better understand how visitors use the Website and Services and, where possible, to improve their experience. For instance, we log the time it takes to run database queries so that we can improve performance. In some cases, we may publicly display information that is not personally identifying in the aggregate, (e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of our Website and/or Services) or may provide the aggregate data to third parties. 

**Information we receive from other sources.** We may establish relationships with certain third parties, such as Third-Party Providers, third-party advertisers, and Third Party Applications. Typically, these third parties would offer services that our users may find useful. In order to use these services, you may be required to provide personal information to these third parties. Generally, personal information that you provide to these third parties will be subject to the privacy policy posted on their respect websites. You should be aware, however, that our agreements with these third parties may provide that they will share with us certain personal information collected from you. In such instances, we will only use your information in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. 

**Personal Account.** If you wish to deactivate your personal account, you can contact us and our technical support services at [info@starwind.com](mailto:info@starwind.com). When you deactivate your personal account, all information stored and maintained as part of your account will be deleted from our servers (although some information may be retained for archival, backup and record purposes). You may change your personal information and privacy preferences at any time by logging into your personal account. You may also access and change your personal information and privacy preferences by contacting us and our technical support services at: [info@starwind.com](mailto:info@starwind.com). 

**Information Relating to Children.** Our Service is not directed to children under 13 years of age. However, despite our intent, we recognize that children under the age of 13 may access our Service and subscribe to the newsletter or purchase products and services. Parents and legal guardians may request for us to review, delete, or stop the collection of their child’s personally identifiable information by contacting us and our technical support services at [info@starwind.com](mailto:info@starwind.com). For additional information and resources regarding child online privacy, please visit the Federal Trade Commission Web site at <http://www.ftc.gov/>. 

**Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions.** Starwind may offer sweepstakes, contests, and other promotions (any, a “Promotion”) through the Website and/or Services that may require registration. By participating in a Promotion, you are agreeing to official rules that govern that Promotion, which may contain specific requirements of you, including, allowing the sponsor of the Promotion to use your name, voice and/or likeness in advertising or marketing associated with the Promotion. If you choose to enter a Promotion, your personal information may be disclosed to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, including, in connection with winner selection, prize fulfillment, and as required by law or permitted by the Promotion’s official rules, such as on a winners list. 

## Securing the Transmission and Storage of Information.

We are committed to protecting the security of your Personal Information. To protect it, we use a variety of security technologies and procedures. Our data networks are protected by industry standard firewall and password protection systems and our security policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as necessary. Furthermore, only authorized individuals have access to the Personal Information provided by our users. However, you should be aware that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us and you use our content, products, and services at your own risk. 

We treat the Personal Information you provide to us as confidential. Your Personal Information is stored on a server with physical and electronic security features as customary in the industry, including login/password procedures and electronic firewalls designed to block unauthorized access. Because laws applicable to Personal Information vary by country, our offices or other business operations may put in place additional measures. All of our employees are aware of our privacy and security policies. Your Personal Information is only accessible to those employees who need it in order to perform their jobs. 

If you use a password to protect your accounts and Personal Information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. Do not share this information with anyone. Always install and use the latest versions of antivirus software. If you are sharing a computer, you should always log out before leaving any site or service to protect access to your Personal Information from subsequent users. 

## B. USE AND DISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION

## How Your Personal Information Is Used

We may use the information we collect for a number of purposes. These purposes will be consistent with the reason you provided the information to us or for a directly related purpose. When we collect your personal information, we'll tell you how we’re using it, any types of third parties to which we might disclose it, (other than “agents,” such as vendors or contractors, who are only processing such information for us or at our direction), and the choices we offer you to limit the use of your information. 

Notice will be provided in clear and conspicuous language when you are first asked to provide us with Personal Information, or as soon as practicable thereafter, and we'll notify you before we use the information for something other than the purpose for which it was originally collected. If anything in this Privacy Policy seems unclear, please do not hesitate to contact us at [info@starwind.com](mailto:info@starwind.com), so we can address your question and possibly clarify this document. 

## Here are some of the ways we may use Personal Information you provide us:

  * To record and support your participation in the activities you select; 
  * To create your personal account on the Website, authenticate use of your account on such purchases, purchase Services and products from the Website, and to; 
  * To provide you, or permit selected third parties to provide you, with information about our new products, product upgrades, services, patches, special offers, Promotions, surveys, and other products and services of selected third parties;
  * To assist you with customer support; product and service features, access to features, bug fixes, service downtimes and/or upgrades, and recommendations; navigation of the Website; changes to the Website and/Services; and changes to the terms, conditions and policies of this Privacy Policy;
  * To evaluate the quality of our Website and Services, improve the content of the Website, customize the advertising and content of the Website, and communicating with you about specials and new features; 
  * To adapt the Website to your needs, to research the effectiveness of our network and Website, and to develop new tools for the community;
  * To ensure the security of the Website and/or Services provided;
  * To maintain and administer our Website and comply with our legal or internal obligations and policies; 
  * To transfer information to others as described in this policy or to satisfy our legal, regulatory, compliance, or auditing requirements; and
  * For any other purpose for which the information was collected.



## Choices Available to You

You can always choose whether or not to disclose your Personal Information, but that choice may prevent you from using the Website and/or Services. 

**Opt-Out.** We will always give you choices about your Personal Information. Some choices are presented up front in the form of Opt-in notices or acceptance boxes for marketing to you or sharing your Personal Information with third parties. In certain cases where permitted by law, we also may give you the choice to Opt-out. “Opt-out” means you have already chosen to Opt-in, but you later change your mind. You can Opt-out by clicking the Unsubscribe link in a marketing email, which will take you off of our marketing email list. You can also Opt-out by editing your account preferences, when available, with respect to e-mail or the sharing of information. Starwind’s general policy is to have users Opt-in, rather than Opt-out, to receive marketing information and to allow the sharing of information with third parties. Please note that these Opt-in/Opt-out choices do not apply to the receipt of the Website, Services or software communications, such as update or downtime information, or receipt of order or shipping confirmations on the Website, which you may receive periodically unless you cancel your service order or terminate use of software in accordance with the applicable terms of use or license agreement. 

If you do not wish to receive direct marketing material from us or a third party, in addition to following the “Unsubscribe” instructions in a marketing email, you can send us an email request at [info@starwind.com](mailto:info@starwind.com). 

**Opt-Out Exceptions.** We may continue to use your Personal Information for internal purposes, to alert you of specific changes that may impact your ability to use the Website and/or Services, and as may be required, regardless of email contact Opt-in status. If you are a registered user with a personal account and have supplied your email address, we may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to date with what's going on with the Website and/or Services. We generally use our Services to communicate this type of information, so we expect to keep this type of communication to a minimum. If we do send you information that you did not expressly request, we will provide you with a way to request that you don't get any similar notices (Opt-out, unsubscribe, etc.). 

**Reasonable Disclosure.** We may also use your Personal Information if we believe in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect our property, rights or those of third parties or the public at large. Also, we may contact you if compelled to do so as part of a legal proceeding or if there has been a violation of any applicable licensing, warranty and purchase agreements. We retain these rights because in limited cases we may need to contact you as a matter of law or regarding matters important to you. These rights do not allow us to contact you to market a new or existing service if you have asked us not to do so, and issuance of these types of communications is rare. 

**Special Offers.** If you create a personal account with us, based on your personal preferences we may periodically contact you via e-mail to provide information about special offers and promotions that may be of interest to you, when available. These communications will relate to select, reputable third parties with whom we have a strategic marketing relationship. We may use a third party e-mail service provider to send e-mails. This service provider is prohibited from using your e-mail address for any purpose other than to send Starwind related e-mail. If you do not wish to receive e-mails with updates and information please unsubscribe by sending email to our technical support services: [info@starwind.com](mailto:info@starwind.com). In addition, every time you receive an e-mail you will be provided the choice to Opt-out of future e-mails by following the instructions provided in the e-mail. 

**Access.** Upon request, we will provide you with reasonable access to the Personal Information we collect about you. Because Personal Information —for example, your email address—is required to use the Website and/or Services, we retain Personal Information as long as your account is active. You will have the opportunity to correct, update, modify or delete this information updating your Personal Information on the Website and/or Services. Please note that some information may remain in our records even after you request deletion of your Personal Information. Additionally, there may be limits to the amount of information we can practically provide. For example, we may limit an individual's access to Personal Information where the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual's privacy or where doing so would violate others' rights. 

**Protection.** We may from time to time request some of your financial information for the purposes of completing transactions you have initiated through the Website, enrolling you in discount, rebate, and other programs in which you elect to participate, protecting against or identify possible fraudulent transactions, and otherwise as needed to manage our business. 

**Marketing.** You have the right to ask us not to process your Personal Information for marketing purposes. We will inform you (before collecting your Personal Information) if we intend to use your Personal Information for marketing purposes, or if we intend to disclose your Personal Information to any third party for marketing purposes. 

**Updates and Upgrades.** The Website may be updated or upgraded from time to time to provide additional features, address technical issues, and generally make your user experience better. Some Website features include an auto-update feature, which gives us the ability to make updates automatically. You can change auto-update options by changing your settings within the Website and your account information. In very limited cases, updates may still be automatically applied, regardless of the auto-update setting. For example, we may provide an automatic update that prevents or fixes a security vulnerability or breach to your network. 

**Contact.** If you wish to Opt-Out of receiving emails, the sharing or retention of any Personal Information, change your personal preferences, or have any questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may contact us and our support services at: [info@starwind.com](mailto:info@starwind.com). To ensure that your request is honored, provide information sufficient for us to accurately identify and access your records, such as your full name, address and the email address you provided to us when you requested services or products. We reserve the right to contact you to verify that we have accurately identified record. 

## Legal Issues

Although we will always strive to guard your identity, we may disclose Personal Information without your permission in limited circumstances. We will only do so if we have a good-faith belief that disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with laws, regulations, or government requests or (2) to investigate or protect against harmful activities to our guests, visitors, associates, or property, or to others. If we are required by law enforcement or judicial authorities to provide your Personal Information, we will only do so upon receipt of appropriate documentation. We may also disclose your information to investigate violation of and enforce our Terms of Service. 

## Cookies and Web Beacons

Our Website uses “cookie” and “web beacon” technology. “Cookies” are short pieces of data generated by a web server or mobile application that a service stores on a user’s device. Our Website may require the use of a cookie for purposes of keeping information you enter on multiple pages together. Cookies also enable us to customize our Website and offerings to your needs and provide you with a better online experience with us. In addition, cookies are used to: 

  * measure usage of various pages on our Website to help us make our information; more pertinent to your needs and easy for you to access; and
  * provide functionality such as online orders, our Website and other functionality that we believe would be of interest and value to you.



The types of cookies that we use are referred to as “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies. Session cookies are temporary and are automatically deleted once you stop using the Website. Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive of your device until you delete them. Cookies do not, under ordinary circumstances, corrupt or damage your device, programs, or files. 

In addition, the service providers we use to serve and host our advertisements, and/or deliver our e-mails use session and persistent cookies, to track the number of times the Website is accessed and whether the Website was accessed from an advertisement. There are no cookies in the advertisements or e-mails. A cookie is placed on your device only if and when you click on an advertisement or open the e-mail. The cookie generated from the advertisement or e-mail does not contain any personally identifiable information and will remain on your hard drive until you delete it. 

Beacons are used in combination with cookies to help website and mobile applications’ operators understand how visitors interact with their online services. A beacon is typically a transparent graphic image (usually 1 pixel x 1 pixel). In contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s hard drive, beacons are embedded invisibly on online pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. These beacons are not tied to Personal Information. The use of beacons allows the application to measure the actions of the visitor using the application that contains the beacon. It makes it easier to follow and record the activities of a recognized browser, such as the path of visited pages and/or applications. We use the information provided by beacons to develop a better understanding of how our users use the Website, and to facilitate those users’ interactions with the Website. We may make the aggregate data obtained from analytics (including from our third party analytics providers, if applicable) publicly available. If this data is made available, none of the information will be Personal Information or potentially-personally identifying information. 

## C. PRIVACY-RELATED INQUIRIES AND COMPLAINTS

We take our users’ privacy concerns with utmost respect and attention. If you believe that there was an instance of non-compliance with this Privacy Policy with regard to your Personal Information or you have other related inquiries or concerns, you may write or contact us and our technical support services at [info@starwind.com](mailto:info@starwind.com). 

In your message, please describe in as much detail as possible the nature of your inquiry or the ways in which you believe that the Privacy Policy has not been complied with. We will investigate your inquiry or complaint promptly. 

Copyright © 2016 Starwind® All rights reserved. This Website, products, Services, and documentation are the copyrighted property of Starwind and/or its licensors and protected by copyright laws and international intellectual property treaties. Starwind® and related logo, and all related products, Services, and documentation, and Website names, design marks and slogans are the trademarks and/or registered trademarks of Starwind. All other products, Services, and documentation, and Website marks contained herein are the trademarks of their respective owners. Any use of the Starwind® or third party trademarks or logos without the prior written consent of Starwind or the applicable trademark owner is strictly prohibited. 
