> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the aveva.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-15. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071215124700id_/http%3A//www.aveva.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - AVEVA

(Revised 30 Nov 2007) 

This website is operated by AVEVA Group plc and the AVEVA group of companies, some of which are located in countries outside the European Economic Area. AVEVA and its associated companies will use the information we collect from you in accordance with this policy. A list of our associated companies is available on request to [marketing.contact@aveva.com](mailto:marketing.contact@aveva.com)

## Use of submitted information

By submitting information to AVEVA by means of facilities provided on this website you consent to the collection, use and transfer of your information in accordance with the terms of this policy.

Information provided to AVEVA by users of this site (“data subjects”) is stored electronically and securely and is not accessible by third parties. Data subjects may, on reasonable notice and with acceptable proof of identity, request and be provided with a copy of any information about them held by AVEVA. AVEVA reserves the right to charge a fee for providing this information. Requests should be made to AVEVA’s head office address provided on this website.

We may use your information to contact you by post, telephone or email to let you know about other products and services we offer that may be of interest to you, to seek your views on our products and services and to notify you occasionally about important changes or developments to them or to the site. We may disclose your information to our staff, agents and service providers for these purposes. We will give you the opportunity to opt out of receiving such information from us when you submit your details.

Any changes to this privacy policy will be clearly notified on this website.

## Contact

All comments, queries and requests relating to our use of your information should be addressed to [marketing.contact@aveva.com](mailto:marketing.contact@aveva.com)

If you would like us to stop sending you information about AVEVA’s products and services at any time, please let us know by using the [Contact Us](https://web.archive.org/web/20071215124700id_/http%3A//www.aveva.com/contact_us.php) page on this website.

## AVEVA's use of cookies

In order for AVEVA to understand how users interact with this website and to help AVEVA develop and improve it, this website uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser; however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.

## Website use data

This website uses [Google Analytics](http://www.google.com/analytics "Opens Google Analytics website in new window"), a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, as described above. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States.

Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google.

By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

 
