> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ivillage.com.au privacy policy that was archived on 2014-02-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140209151703id_/http%3A//www.ivillage.com.au/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - iVillage AU

At iVillage Australia, we take your privacy seriously. This Privacy Policy describes our privacy practices and policy regarding the collection and use of information (including personally identifiable information) made available to us through the [www.ivillage.com.au](http://www.ivillage.com.au/ "www.ivillage.com.au") website (the “iVillage Site”).

You are, of course, free to use the majority of the iVillage Site without providing any information to us. However, to the extent that you or other users do provide or make available any information to us, that information can generally be categorized as either anonymous or personally identifiable. Anonymous information is information that cannot be traced back to a specific individual. Personally identifiable information is information from which you or another individual can be identified. This information can include your name, email, address, postcode, age, etc.

Opt In  
When you register as a member of iVillage.com.au or sign up for any of the services that we offer to members or other users on a subscription basis, for example, newsletters and/or email communications about news and events (“Services”) you will be asked to ‘opt in’ to our Privacy Policy i.e. to confirm that you agree to our use of any personally identifiable information that we may collect from you or be provided with by you in connection with your use of the iVillage.com.au Site. By ‘opting-in’ you agree to our use of your information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy. If you do not provide your consent, you will not be able to become a member of iVillage.com.au and/or use the Services. If you do subscribe to any of our Services you may also unsubscribe from the relevant distribution list(s) at any time. You may also withdraw your consent to our use of any other personally identifiable information that we hold on you at any time. If you wish to unsubscribe from our Services or withdraw any consent that you have previously provided to our use of your personally identifiable information, please see paragraph 12 below (Unsubscribing, Correction and Deletion of Personally Identifiable Information).

Our privacy policy is simple.

1\. Collection of Personally Identifiable Information  
iVillage collects the details provided by you when you register as a member of iVillage.com.au or sign up for any of our Services together with any personally identifiable information we learn about you through your use of the Services. For example, we may collect additional personally identifiable information through your participation in any promotions and competitions offered by us.

We will notify our members when we make any material changes to our Privacy Policy that affect the use of any personally identifiable information we collect. We will not make new use of any personally identifiable information which iVillage gathered from individual members or users prior to any such change in our Privacy Policy without first obtaining the member’s or user’s consent for any new uses.

2\. Security  
The security of your personally identifiable information is a priority to us. Unfortunately, no security system, or system of transmitting data over the internet, can be guaranteed to be 100 per cent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personally identifiable information, we cannot guarantee the security of our servers, the means by which information is transmitted between your computer and our servers, or any information provided to us or to any third party through or in connection with the iVillage Site. You provide all such information at your own risk.

3\. Newsletter and Email Communications Subscribers  
If you decide not to become a member of iVillage.com.au but wish to subscribe to one or more of our newsletters or email communications services, we will need to collect your email address in order to send our newsletters and/or email communications to you. We will not use your email address for any purpose except in connection with sending you the newsletters and/or emails you have requested, maintaining our subscription and unsubscription lists, communicating with you in the event of a change in the ownership of iVillage or its business, or notifying you of changes to the iVillage Site, business practices, Terms of Service or Privacy Policy, unless (i) we are required to do so by applicable law or pursuant to a court or similar order; (ii) as deemed necessary, in iVillage’s discretion, to protect the legal rights or the property of iVillage, a member or third party, or to prevent personal injury; or (iii) you have provided your consent for us to do so.

4\. Sensitive Personally Identifiable Information  
It is possible that the selections you make or information that you provide when using our Services may indicate information about you that is sensitive such as the state of your health or your sexual orientation. As with all of the personally identifiable information you provide to us, you can be assured that any sensitive information you choose to supply to us will be used only in accordance with this Privacy Policy and/or applicable law.

5\. How we use the Personally Identifiable Information you provide  
We use the personally identifiable information we collect to supply our Services to you. We may also use your contact details to communicate with you (including without limitation in the event of a change in ownership of iVillage or its business, our business practices, or our Terms of Service or Privacy Policy). Except where you have asked us not to, we may contact you by email, post, text message or telephone. We may also use your personally identifiable information to send you information, special offers, promotions, coupons and free samples whether on behalf of ourselves or our group companies or on behalf of carefully selected third parties.

6\. Disclosure of your Personally Identifiable Information  
Your personally identifiable information may be passed to and used by our group companies including our parent company in the United States and to our third party partners and service providers in connection with providing services to you over the iVillage Site, delivering or making the Services available to you and/or in association with our operation of the iVillage Site. Please note that some of our group companies and third party partners and service providers may be located overseas in countries which do not have as extensive data protection laws as in Australia.

We may also disclose your personally identifiable information in the following instances: (i) if we are required to do so by applicable law or pursuant to a court or similar order; (ii) as deemed necessary, in iVillage’s discretion, to protect the legal rights or the property of iVillage, a member or third party, or to prevent personal injury; and/or (iii) in connection with a sale, merger, assignment, joint venture or other transfer or disposition of a portion or all of the assets or stock of iVillage or its affiliated entities (including, without limitation, in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). In addition, iVillage reserves the right to allow access to its systems to third parties providing necessary technical services when such access is required in order to provide those services and to provide your personally identifiable information to third parties who provide services on behalf of iVillage, provided that such third parties are bound by iVillage’s Privacy Policy.
