> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ivisit.com privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021210134343id_/http%3A//www.eyematic.com/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Welcome to Eyematic

 

Because the success of Eyematic Interfaces, Inc. ("Eyematic") is dependent on building and maintaining goodwill with our customers, we are committed to implementing measures designed to protect the privacy of those using our web site. 

Although Eyematic respects the privacy of all those who visit our web site, we do collect information from our members and visitors. This Privacy Policy governs your interaction with our web site. Except as set forth within this Privacy Policy and our Terms of Service and other published guidelines, we do not release personally identifiable information about out members and visitors without their permission.  
Please note that Eyematic reviews its privacy practices from time to time, and that those practices are therefore subject to change. We ask that you bookmark and periodically review this page to ensure continuing familiarity with the most current version of our Privacy Policy. To contact Eyematic about privacy issues, to report a violation of our Privacy Policy, or to raise any other issue, please e-mail us at webmaster@eyematic.com.

**The Information We Gather**

Eyematic gathers two types of information about users:

(1) Non-personally identifiable information: When visitors come to our web site, we collect and aggregate information indicating, among other things, which pages were visited, the order in which they were visited, and which hyperlinks were "clicked." Collecting such information involves the logging of IP addresses, operating system and browser software used by each visitor to the Shout web site. Although such information is not personally identifiable, we can determine from the IP address a visitor's Internet Service Provider and the geographic location of his or her point of connectivity.  
The non-personally identifiable information we collect helps us identify the most popular areas of our web site and determine the effectiveness of our promotional activities. In addition, we may disclose some of this information to advertisers to inform them of the number of people who have seen and/or clicked through their advertisements.

For the same purposes, we may use "cookies" - that is, small text files placed on your computer's hard drive - to help us determine the type of content and sites to which you link, the length of time you spend at any particular area of the Eyematic site, and the Eyematic services you choose to use. Cookies can also tell us which advertising you have seen on our site. Essentially, cookies are your identification cards for the Eyematic computers, or servers, that placed them there. When used, cookies are only read by the server that placed them, and are unable to execute any code or virus.  
Cookies can allow Eyematic to serve you better and more efficiently, and to personalize your experience at the Eyematic web sites. Nevertheless, you should be able to control how and whether your web browser will accept cookies. For more information on how to do so, please refer to the documentation accompanying your browser.

(2) Personally identifiable information: In certain areas of the Eyematic web sites - for example, when registering to purchase a product - we request that you provide us with personally identifiable information (including, for example, first name, surname, street address, email address, telephone number, and when applicable, credit card information).

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children (defined herein as minors younger than thirteen years of age) without obtaining parental consent. Before registering with Eyematic, we ask that children have their parents read our Privacy Policy. Before and during the registration process, we encourage children to include a parent or guardian in the process.

Eyematic does not control the acts of its customers or visitors. All customers and visitors should be aware that, when they disclose personally identifiable information in a bulletin board, guestbook or other forum, the information may be collected and used by others to send that person unsolicited email from other parties outside Eyematic. In the event that you encounter any Eyematic user who is improperly collecting or using information about you or other users, please contact us at webmaster@eyematic.com

**How We Use (And Do Not Use) The Information We Gather**

Please take some time to familiarize yourself with the different ways Eyematic uses the information that it gathers. Keep in mind that, while Eyematic encourages all third parties involved to adhere to our policies regarding the privacy of our visitors and members and to otherwise handle personal information in a responsible manner, we cannot and do not assume any responsibility for any actions or omissions of third parties, including the manner in which they use information received either from Eyematic or independently. Nevertheless, in the event you encounter any third party associated with, or who claims association with Eyematic who you feel is improperly collecting or using information about you, please contact us at webmaster@eyematic.com; we will be happy to forward your message to the third party.

(1) How we use (and do not use) non-personally identifiable information: We use non-personally identifiable information in aggregate form to build higher quality, more useful online services by performing statistical analyses of the collective characteristics and behavior of our customers and visitors, and by measuring demographics and interests regarding specific areas of the Eyematic web sites. We provide statistical information based on this data to advertisers, affiliates, and other current and potential business partners. We also use the aggregate data to inform these third parties as to the number of people who have seen and clicked on links to their web sites. 

The Eyematic web sites contains links to other Internet web sites, including co-branded or other affiliated sites that may or may not be owned or operated by Eyematic. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites, including such sites' use of any information (such as IP number, browser type, or operating system) collected when visitors to the Eyematic web sites click through links to those sites. Even though such information might not identify you personally, we strongly encourage you to become familiar with the privacy practices of those sites.

(2) How we use (and do not use) personally identifiable information: Eyematic provides notice to potential Eyematic customers that personally identifiable information will be collected during the process of registering to receive Eyematic products or participate in Eyematic contests. Such notice is provided simultaneously with your product registration; moreover, this Privacy Policy itself serves as notice that such information is collected under those circumstances. Although you may not "opt out" of the registration process if you wish to receive Eyematic products or participate in Eyematic contests, you may choose to "opt out" of receiving promotional materials from Eyematic and/or its affiliates, advertisers, or other business partners. If you do not "opt out" of receiving such promotional materials, Eyematic reserves the right to release any personally identifiable registration information regarding you to third parties who provide goods or services that we believe may be of interest to you. We will not release your credit card information to third parties unless necessary to complete a transaction between you and such a third party. If you decide that you would like to discontinue receiving promotional information from such third parties, please contact those third parties directly, or contact us at webmaster@eyematic.com.

Eyematic limits its own e-mail solicitations to those customers who have not "opted out" of receiving such communications. The solicitations are limited in that they, among other things, will clearly indicate the originator of the e-mail and provide the customer with a method of "opting out" of receiving future communications of a similar nature. 

In addition, Eyematic sometimes uses individual data to "target" advertising - to decide which advertisements and sponsor messages to show to which members. As an example, if Sponsor Co. wishes to display their advertising only to United States Eyematic members, Eyematic uses member registration data to ensure that Sponsor Co.'s ads are displayed only to United States members.

Finally, Eyematic may use individual members' data to "pre-populate" forms that are displayed for the purpose of collecting individual data by Eyematic and/or its sponsors. In no case does pre-populating a form automatically transfer any data to any advertiser or third party. Only if the member voluntarily requests that such data be transferred will any transfer take place - for example, if/when a member clicks a "submit form" button or other button.

We reserve the right to release information contained within our access logs concerning any visitor or member when that visitor or member is in violation of our Terms of Service or other published guidelines, or engages (or is reasonably suspected of engaging) in any illegal activity, even without a subpoena, warrant, or other court order, and to release such information in response to discovery requests. We cooperate with law enforcement agencies in identifying those who may be using our servers or services for illegal activities. We also reserve the right to report any suspected illegal activity to law enforcement for investigation or prosecution.

If and when Eyematic sponsors contests, promotions or sweepstakes, or third parties sponsor contests, promotions or sweepstakes in conjunction with Eyematic, either Eyematic or the third party will post relevant privacy information in the official rules and/or registration area for the contest, promotion or sweepstakes. That privacy information, to the extent it conflicts with this Privacy Policy, will govern that particular contest, promotion or sweepstakes.

**Changing Or Deleting Personal Information**

If you would like to have your personally identifiable information removed from Eyematic's database, please contact us at webmaster@eyematic.com, and we will use reasonable efforts to comply with your request. Keep in mind, however, that there will be residual information that will remain within Eyematic databases, access logs, and other records, which may or may not contain such personally identifiable information. The residual information will not be used for commercial purposes; however Eyematic reserves the right, from time to time, to recontact former customers or users of Eyematic.

  
**Questions?**

Questions regarding this Privacy Policy should be directed to Eyematic at webmaster@eyematic.com. 
