> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the innovid.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-12-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20121220054627id_/http%3A//www.innovid.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Innovid

Innovid Inc. and all of its affiliates (“Innovid”) have a strong commitment to protect the privacy of the users and to protect personal information of our visitors and users. This Privacy Policy statement aims to ensure the protection of privacy of our visitors and users.  
When using Innovid's services and website, you may post and share information. All such sharing of information is done at your own risk. Please keep in mind that if you disclose personal information, this information may become publicly available.

**Acceptance of Policy**  
By accessing and using the Website or other Innovid’s services as may be offered from time to time (collectively referred as the “Website”), whether you are a visitor, using the Website without registration (“Visitor”), or a user that registered to have an account in the website (“User”) (“Visitor” and “User” collectively referred as “You”), You agree to be bound by this Policy. If You do not agree to any of the provisions as set hereunder in this Policy, You have no right to use any of the Website.  
This Policy should read together with the Terms of Use and together they constitute the entire agreement between You and Innovid.

**Scope of This Privacy Policy Statement**  
This Policy describes the information collected by Innovid and the uses of that information while using the Website and affiliated services.  
For purposes of this Policy, “Personally Identifying Information” shall hereby mean information which is identifiable to You, including inter alia, e-mail, name address, pictures and friends, whether public or non-public, whether provided by You during a visit and/or registration or imported by Innovid from other sources, per a User's request and upon its explicit consent; “Anonymous Information” shall hereby mean information which does not enable identification of an individual user.  
This Privacy Policy does not cover collection or use of information by third parties or linked sites, which Innovid does not control, own or manage.

**Changes of the Policy**  
Innovid reserves the right to change or modify this Policy from time to time, without prior notice, by posting the modified policy on the Website. Your continued use of the Website indicates Your acceptance of any revised policy.

**Information Gathered Using Innovid Website**  
Innovid collects Personally Identifying Information in the course of the use of the Website by Visitors and registered Users to improve the performance of the Website, ensure the quality of the Website and enrich the offerings of services available to Innovid's customers on the Website. In the process of registration, You are required to provide Personally Identifying Information, including, but not limited to, first and last name, email address, password, country of origin and other identifying information. You can choose not to provide Innovid with certain information, but be aware that it may limit the functionality or offering of the services available to You on the Website.  
Innovid may further collect information about the time, type and manner of use of the Website. This information may include information regarding the IP Address and Geo-IP parameters, time of usages, viewed files, and other information regarding the use of the Website. Innovid may store this information as Personally Identifying Information associated with a User's profile and use it to improve the Website and enhance the experience.  
Please note that no information about Your search history will be collected, used or presented by Innovid unless you specifically opt-in to enable it.

**Cookies Policy**  
Innovid collects additional information, such as information concerning users’ use of the Website, using various types of cookies, which are small text files, stored on Your computer, in order to improve the performance of the Website and collect data which enhance the functionality and performance of the Website. It is Your choice whether to accept or reject cookies and You can set your browser to reject cookies altogether or to reject Innovid's cookies in particular or to delete these cookies. However, if You choose to reject cookies or delete them, it may limit some of the functionalities available or effect your experience with the Website.  
Innovid uses session ID cookies to make it easier for You to navigate Innovid's system. This cookie is not saved for longer than the navigation session and expires when the browser is closed. Innovid also uses persistent cookies, which remain stored on the hard drive for longer periods, for storing information, such as your browser type, your login name or Your last preferences, to enable improved viewing and usage of the Website, for example to make it easer for You to login when You come back to the Website. You can delete or block this cookie by actively removing or blocking this cookie from the setting in Your browser.  
Innovid may further use cookies to monitor potential fraud and abuse of the accounts or use which is not in accordance with the Terms of Use.  
Innovid also allows third parties servers and/or advertisers, to include advertisements or any such material within the website. This enables third parties to also send their own cookies to Your computer. If You want to prevent a third-party from sending and reading cookies on your computer, currently You must visit each third party's website individually and opt out (if they offer this capability).

**Personally Identifying Information from Other Sources**  
Innovid automatically collects information from multiple sources to present an aggregated search result regarding people and their content and web presence. Innovid does not monitor, control, edit or manipulate any of the collected information and presents it “as-is” in the form of aggregated profile. Innovid is not responsible for the information which is presented at these sources and does not control the disclosure of any information, Personally Identifying or Anonymous, which is made available by these sources. In a case that Personally Identifying Information is published in any of these sources, You may contact the source to request to remove, edit, update, change or delete this information, all according to the law and the set policies of the information source. Note, Innovid has no technological capability, legal right or ability to remove, edit, update, change or delete any information at the source.  
Innovid may also receive Personally Identifying Information about You from other sources, such as public information archives, all according to the law and the terms of these archives, and may also import from other sources, per your request and upon your consent, Personally Identifying Information about You which is non-public.

**Data and Information Security**  
Innovid is committed to protect the security of its Users’ data and information and takes reasonable measures available to assure data and information security. Access to Personally Identifying Information will be protected and controlled by password and restricted permissions. However, no method of Internet transmission or electronic storage is 100% secure and Innovid cannot guarantee its absolute security. By using the Website, You expressly agree that Innovid will not be liable for any third party action, misuse, abuse or infringement of data and information security.  
For additional information regarding security, please contact: [support@innovid.com.](mailto:support@innovid.com?subject=Additional%20Info%20request%20from%20Innovid%27s%20Privacy%20Policy%20page)

**Use of Metadata**  
Innovid may use the metadata, including, but not limited to, tags, search history, links, comments, posts and clickstrems, which is created in the process of using the Website to enrich User's experiences and provide Users and affiliates with useful information, in accordance with this Policy. Innovid may use this collected information for targeted advertisement services and contextualized placement of advertisement or sponsored content. However, search history information may be shared with third parties only in its anonymous form (i.e. the Anonymous Information) and without disclosing any Personally Identifying Information which is associated with or related to this information.

**Children's Privacy**  
Innovid is committed to protect children’s privacy and to follow the laws, regulations and guidelines in regard to children's privacy. Innovid’s Website is not available to children under the age of 13 and children under the age of 13 are illegible to register for the Website. Innovid will never knowingly accept or solicit Personally Identifying Information from a User known to be under the age of thirteen (13). If you have concerns regarding children under the age of 13 using the Website or deprived of their privacy, please contact Innovid at [support@innovid.com](mailto:support@innovid.com?subject=Question%20about%20Children%27s%20Privacy%20from%20the%20Innovid%20Privacy%20Policy%20page) and Innovid is committed to act immediately to answer your concern.  
Innovid also recommends that minors over the age of 13 ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.

**Disclaimer Regarding Linked Sites**  
While using the Website, You may be linked from or to third parties sites. Innovid is not responsible for information, content, terms of use of privacy policy at these sites. Innovid takes a careful notice in choosing its business partners and affiliates and aims to associate only with reliable partners which our committed to users privacy. However, remember that when You use a link to go from the website to another website, Innovid's Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. By Your browsing and interacting on any other website, including websites which have a link on the website, You are subject to that website's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
