> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the innocentive.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171203021228id_/https%3A//www.innocentive.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | InnoCentive

InnoCentive respects and protects your data privacy rights. This statement includes InnoCentive’s European Union – U.S. Privacy Shield Notice and our Website Privacy and Cookie Statements.

## EU-U.S. and Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Notice

Personal data gathered by InnoCentive may be processed in the United States. Data transferred in to the U.S. will be protected by adherence to our privacy policy as detailed on this page below. InnoCentive complies with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework and the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information from European Union member countries and Switzerland. InnoCentive has certified that it adheres to the Privacy Shield Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access, and enforcement. To learn more about the Privacy Shield program, and to view InnoCentive’s certification, please visit the [Privacy Shield website](https://www.privacyshield.gov/). If you are a[ r](https://www.privacyshield.gov/)esident of a European country participating in the Privacy Shield and you believe InnoCentive holds your personal data as specified in this Privacy Shield Statement, you may contact InnoCentive with questions or complaints concerning our Privacy Shield compliance using the contact information at the end of this document. If you have not received timely response to your concern, or we have not addressed your concern to your satisfaction, you may seek further assistance from EU Data Protection Authorities (DPA) under the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework or the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner under the Swiss-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Our Privacy Shield compliance is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC).

## Information that We Collect and How We Use Information

  * Through www.innocentive.com, our related subdomains (e.g. info.innocentive.com, blog.innocentive.com) and selected 3rd party hosted emails and pages, InnoCentive will collect information that can identify you, such as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, experience, field of expertise, educational background and curriculum vitae, and other similar information (“Your Information”) when it is voluntarily submitted to us when you register as a Solver, when it is submitted to us to access promotional content about our services and products, when you update your profile information or when you request information from us (however, see discussion below about “IP Addresses” if you have a broadband connection). We will use Your Information to respond to requests you may make of us, to communicate with you about InnoCentive Challenges, to communicate with you about InnoCentive services and products which might be of interest to you and from time to time, we may refer to Your Information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our websites, products and services.
  * You may utilize social networking sites not operated by us. For example, you may be able to sign on to your InnoCentive account using a social networking site sign-on and connect through that social networking site to Your Information. Depending on the social networking site’s policies, we may collect certain information about you from your account on the social networking site (such as gender, age, occupation, hobbies, interests, zip code, contacts or other information you have provided to the social networking site) or about your activity on the social networking site. Once Your Information is received by us, we will treat any such information as if you had given it directly to us, in accordance with this policy.
  * In some cases, the sharing settings of a social networking site may effectively override the choices you have made on our Site. Please remember that if you embed, post or link to Your Information on our Site on a social networking site’s page that is visible to the public, the terms of this Privacy Policy will not apply.
  * If you receive an Award in response to a Solution that you submit in response to an InnoCentive Challenge, we will request certain information from you in order to comply with our obligations under tax law and other applicable laws. This information will include copies of positive identification documentation and a tax identification number, often your Social Security number (“Award Information”). Award Information will not be incorporated into Your Information that is stored by the Site, and we will not request more Award Information than is reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations.
  * Areas of this Site that collect Your Information use industry standard secure socket layer encryption (SSL); however, to take advantage of this your browser must support encryption protection.
  * InnoCentive and our 3rd party providers may collect web usage data from you. This data will be used to: monitor and improve our website performance, provide consumer insight for developing products and services and tailor the marketing of our products and services to you. This data may include; connection data such as network routing information (where you came from), equipment information (browser type or device type), your IP address (which may identify your general geographic location or company), and date and time. Information about your specific interaction with channels, webpages and content, how often you access the website, performance data, aggregate usage, or general geo-location data. This data may include the physical location of your device to provide you with personalized location-based services or content.
  * InnoCentive and its service providers may use embedded pixel technologies for the purposes of identifying unique user visits (as opposed to aggregate hits), and for advertising purposes. In addition, embedded pixels or other technologies may be used in e-mails and our online display advertising to provide information on when the e-mail or ad was opened to track marketing campaign responsiveness; information collected using these technologies may be associated with the recipient’s e-mail address. We may use this information to serve relevant advertising to you on external websites and mobile apps using Remarketing & Retargeting services provided by Third Parties. The information gathered from you may also be used to build customer profiles which enable us to promote our services to online audiences which carry similar properties, referred to as Lookalike Audiences. This data and customer profiling is anonymized.
  * InnoCentive may also use Publicly Available Data or Data from Third Parties which may be based on automated Interactions on non-InnoCentive websites, or other data you may have made publicly available, such as social media posts, or data provided by third party sources, such as marketing opt-in lists, or data aggregators in order to tailor our marketing of our products and services to you.
  * We do not specifically honor Do Not Track requests.
  * If you wish to opt out of 3rd party pixel tracking which can be used for retargeting you can find advice on how to do so at: <http://optout.networkadvertising.org/> courtesy of the Network Advertising Initiative, a non-profit organization that is the leading self-regulatory association dedicated to responsible data collection and its use for digital advertising.



## Cookies

Our Site uses “cookies”. Please refer to our [Cookie Policy](https://www.innocentive.com/cookie-policy/) for more information about the types of cookies used on Our Site, and how you can manage cookies while on Our Site.

## IP Addresses

Our Site uses Internet Protocol (IP) Addresses. An IP Address is a number assigned to your computer by your Internet service provider so you can access the Internet. Generally, an IP address changes each time you connect to the Internet (it is a “dynamic” address). Note, however, that if you have a broadband connection, depending on your individual circumstance, it is possible that your IP Address that we collect, or even perhaps a cookie we use, may contain information that could be deemed personally identifiable. This is because with some broadband connections, your IP Address doesn’t change — it is “static” — and could be associated with your personal computer. We use your IP address to report aggregate information on use and to help improve the Site.

## Use by Minors

You should be aware that this site is not intended for use by, or designed to attract, individuals under the age of 18. You may not register as a Solver if you are under the age of 18, or have not reached the age of majority in your jurisdiction. We do not collect personally identifiable information from any person we actually know is an individual under the age of 13.

## Sharing of Your Information

We may share Your Information with agents, contractors or partners of InnoCentive in connection with services that these individuals or entities perform for, or with, InnoCentive. These agents, contractors or partners are restricted from using this data in any way other than to provide services for InnoCentive, or services for the collaboration in which they and InnoCentive are engaged (for example, our Seekers). By submitting a Proposed Solution to an InnoCentive Challenge, for example, you acknowledge that we may share Your Information with Seekers as part of the Challenge evaluation process, and you consent that we may share Your Information and Award Information with Seekers for this purpose, and to make Awards in the event that your Proposed Solution is accepted by a Seeker.  
If you are referred to a Challenge via another user’s referral link, certain activity (e.g, registering, opening a project room for that Challenge, submitting a solution for that Challenge, or receiving an award for that Challenge) may be viewable in an anonymized and aggregated fashion by the referring user. No username, Solver ID, profile information, or other identifiable information will be made available.  
If you choose to participate in Solver Search (by specific opt-in) and make your profile searchable, Your Information will be shared with Seekers and other Solvers who search for Solvers with particular information in their profiles, such as field of expertise, education, experience, etc. This feature is completely optional and you may choose to opt-out at any time by updating your settings on your My Public Profile page.  
InnoCentive reserves the right to share Your Information to respond to duly authorized information requests of governmental authorities or where required by law.  
We may also provide Your Information to a third party in connection with the sale, assignment, or other transfer of the business of this website to which the information relates, in which case we will require any such buyer to agree to treat Your Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Links to Third Party Websites

As a convenience to our visitors, our Site may contain links to sites that we believe may offer useful information to you or the web sites of our Seekers. The policies and procedures described here do not apply to any third party sites. These sites are outside of our jurisdiction.

## Notices and Revision

Our business changes constantly and our Privacy Notice may change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We try to ensure all information we hold is accurate and up to date, if you require to explicitly update the information we hold about you please contact us using the details provided below.

## Contact

If you would like to terminate your account, request a copy of the data we hold on you, or if you have concerns about Your Information or this Privacy Policy, please contact us at innohelp@innocentive.com. You can also reach us by postal mail at:

InnoCentive, Inc.  
265 Winter Street, 2nd Floor  
Waltham, MA 02451  
USA

Last Updated: October 24th, 2017
