> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bloggenie.ca privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140628070516id_/http%3A//www.bloggenie.ca/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Blog Genie

Thank you for visiting BlogGenie.ca (the “Site”). This Site is operated by Blog Genie (“Rita Barry”), located at Social Good Media, Box 1007, Boyle Alberta, T0A 0M0. Your access to and use of this Site is subject to the following Privacy Policy (“Privacy Policy”) and all applicable laws. The terms “Rita Barry,” “Blog Genie” “we,” “us,” and “our” when used in this Privacy Policy mean Social Good Media. The terms “you” and “your” when used in this Privacy Policy mean any user of this Site.

We understand your concerns about privacy and we want to assure you that BLOG GENIE takes privacy matters seriously. Therefore, we are providing this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, you may direct them to contact [at] bloggenie [dot] ca.  
BY SUBMITTING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION TO US THROUGH THIS SITE, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION IN CANADA OR IN ANY OTHER COUNTRY IN THE WORLD IN WHICH BLOG GENIE HAS OFFICES, AFFILIATES, OR BUSINESS PARTNERS.

If you do not consent to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy you may not use the Site.

What type of information does BLOG GENIE collect? When you use this Site, we may collect information about you in the following ways:

**Information You Actively Provide.**  We collect the personal information you actively provide (using your mouse or keyboard) when you use this Site. You may choose to provide certain personal information in order to access or use certain features or services of the Site, such as making a purchase, requesting information, registering on the Site, filling out a survey, or providing feedback. Such information may include your name, phone number, e-mail, billing address, or shipping address. Where possible, we indicate which fields of information are required and which fields are optional. You can always choose not to provide information, but you may not be able to use a particular service or feature on the Site.

**Information Sent to Us by Your Web Browser.**  We collect information that is sent to us automatically by your web browser. This information typically includes your computer´s IP address, the address of the web page you were visiting when you accessed our Site, the name of the operating system installed on your computer, the name and version of the browser you are using, the URL of the page from which you linked to our Site, and the date and time of your visit. The information we receive depends on the settings on your web browser. Please check with the developer of your browser if you want to learn what information the browser sends or how to change your settings. The information provided by your browser does not identify you personally. We use this non-personal information primarily to create statistics that help us improve our Site and make it more compatible with the technology used by our visitors. We may link this non-personal information with your personal information as we deem necessary for our business purposes. If we suspect criminal activity, we might share our server logs – which contain visitors’ IP addresses – with the appropriate investigative authorities who could use that information to trace and identify individuals.

**Information Collected Using “Cookies” and Other Web Technologies.** We use “cookies,” and similar technologies to collect information and support the functionality of this Site. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer’s hard disk by a web server. Cookies cannot be used to install computer programs or deliver viruses to your computer. We may use cookies to collect information about the ways visitors use our Site – which pages they visit, which links they use, and how long they stay on each page. We analyze this information (known as “click-stream information”) to better understand our visitors’ interests and needs and to improve the content and functionality of our Site, and to facilitate the proper functioning of our Site. We may also use cookies to remember your login name or preferences for your future visits to our Site, and to improve your experience when using our Site. We may link the information collected by our cookies to information that identifies you personally and store it with other information we have collected from or about you. You have the ability to set your browser to reject cookies, however, if you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to use certain features and functionality of this Site.

**Our use of your information:**  
We use personal information you submit to us for various business purposes, such as to process your order or request information as applicable. If you provide us with your e-mail address as part of a purchase transaction on our Site, or if you opt-in to receive communications from BLOG GENIE, we may periodically send you newsletters or e-mails featuring sales and promotions, informing you about new BLOG GENIE products and services, requesting your feedback, or providing other information we think may be of interest to you. In addition, if you make a purchase on our Site, we will send you order and shipping confirmation emails. You can remove your e-mail from our e-mail list at any time by sending an email to contact [at] bloggenie [dot] ca with the subject line “REMOVE.”

We use certain non-personal information we collect from you for specific and limited purposes including improving our products and services, making your shopping experience more efficient and relevant, providing you with a personalized service, and for administration of this Site.

Does BLOG GENIE share the information it receives? BLOG GENIE may share your information: (i) with third parties who are under obligations of confidentiality with BLOG GENIE; (ii) if BLOG GENIE is required by law to do so; (iii) in the event of a transfer of ownership of BLOG GENIE, merger or other similar transaction; or (iv) as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy. The following describes some of the ways that your information may be disclosed to third parties:

**Our Service Providers.**  
We share personal information collected through our Site with companies and organizations that perform services on our behalf, such as data storage, web hosting services, and order fulfillment companies. These companies and organizations are required by contract to use the personal information we share with them only to perform services on our behalf (and not for their own purposes) and to protect its confidentiality.

**Our Successors.**  
We may transfer the personal information we collect through the Site to another company (either an affiliate or an unrelated third party) that has acquired the assets of BLOG GENIE, for example, as the result of a sale, merger, reorganization, dissolution or liquidation. If such a transfer occurs, the acquiring company will “step into our shoes” and collect, use and share your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

**Other Limited Circumstances.**  
There are other limited circumstances in which we may share the personal information in our databases with unrelated third parties. For example, we may disclose the personal information we collect through the Site when we, in good faith, believe disclosure is appropriate to comply with the law or a regulatory requirement or to comply with a subpoena or court order; to prevent or investigate a possible crime, such as fraud or identity theft; to enforce a contract; to protect the rights, property or safety of BLOG GENIE, our customers and visitors to our Site, or to protect the vital interests of our customers or visitors.

**Third Party Sites.**  
You may visit other websites, through links on our Site, which may collect, use and share your information in accordance with their own privacy policies. The information practices of those websites linking from or to our Site are not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we encourage you to be very cautious before you disclose your information to others.  
SECURITY: We take reasonable precautions to: (i) protect the confidentiality and security of the personal information we collect through this Site; (ii) ensure that your purchase transactions on our Site will be safe; and (iii) protect you from unauthorized credit card charges while you shop at our Site. Additionally, BLOG GENIE uses physical and electronic security measures, including Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), to protect your information. However, it is important that you understand, that no website or database is completely secure or “hacker proof.”

**Privacy Policy Changes:**  We are continually improving and adding to the functionality and features of the Site. As a result of these changes (or changes in the law), we may need to update or revise our Privacy Policy. Accordingly, we reserve the right to update or modify this Privacy Policy, at any time and without prior notice, by posting the revised version of this Privacy Policy on the Site. Your use of the Site following any such change constitutes your agreement that all personal information collected from or about you through the Site after the revised Privacy Policy is posted will be subject to the terms of the revised Privacy Policy.

**Transfer of Data Abroad:**  If you are visiting this Site from a country other than the countries in which our servers are located (currently the United States), the various communications will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international boundaries. By visiting this Site and communicating electronically with us, you consent to the processing and transfer of your data as set out in this Privacy Policy.

You should know that different countries have different data-protection laws, some of which provide more protection than others. By using this Site, participating in BLOG GENIE programs and by otherwise providing personal information to BLOG GENIE, you are consenting to the transfer of your personal information to any country in which BLOG GENIE has offices, affiliates, or joint ventures, in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.

**Governing Law:** This Privacy Policy forms part of our Site Terms of Use and as such is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Province of Alberta, Canada without regard to conflicts of a law principles. You hereby consent and waive all objection to jurisdiction of the federal and province courts of the province of Alberta and to venue therein.

Contacting BLOG GENIE with questions or comments: If you have further questions about this Privacy Policy, comments on how we can improve your Site experience, or if you need help, please do not hesitate to email us at contact [at] bloggenie [dot] ca.

We always enjoy hearing from you and appreciate your business.
