> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the blogiversity.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-05-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190507171653id_/http%3A//www.blogiversity.org/PrivacyPolicy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - Blogiversity.org

  


##  PRIVACY POLICY

Welcome to Blogiversity.org (the "Site").

We understand that privacy online is important to users of our Site. This statement governs our privacy policies with respect to those users of the Site ("Visitors") who visit without transacting business and Visitors who register and make use of the various services offered by Blogiversity.org.

**"Personally Identifiable Information"**   
refers to any information that identifies or can be used to identify, contact, or locate the person to whom such information pertains, including, but not limited to, name and email address. Personally Identifiable Information does not include information that is collected anonymously (that is, without identification of the individual user) or demographic information not connected to an identified individual.

**What Personally Identifiable Information is collected?**  
We may collect basic user profile information from all of our Visitors. We collect the following additional information from our registered users: names and email addresses.

**How does the Site use Personally Identifiable Information?**  
We use Personally Identifiable Information to customize the Site and to make appropriate service offerings. We may email registered users about information related to the subject matter of the Site. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to contact registered users in response to specific inquiries, or to provide requested information. 

**With whom may the information may be shared?**  
Personally Identifiable Information is never shared with any third party. However, we may share aggregated information about our Visitors, including the demographics of our Visitors and registered users, with affiliated agencies. We also offer the opportunity to "opt out" of receiving information or being contacted by us. 

**How is Personally Identifiable Information stored?**  
Personally Identifiable Information collected by Blogiversity.org is securely stored and is not accessible to third parties or employees of Blogiversity.org except for use as indicated above. 

**What choices are available to Visitors regarding collection, use and distribution of the information?**  
Registered Users may opt out of receiving unsolicited information from or being contacted by us by responding to emails as instructed, or by contacting us at [admin@blogiversity.org](mailto:admin@blogiversity.org).

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp)

**Are Cookies Used on the Site?**  
When you visit this Site, you can browse the Site and access important information without revealing your identity. In order to improve our Site, we sometimes may use "cookies" to track your visit. A cookie is small amount of data that is transferred to your browser by a web server and can only be read by the server that gave it to you. It cannot be executed as code or deliver viruses.

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. By using this website, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.

**How does Blogiversity.org use login information?**  
Blogiversity.org uses login information, including, but not limited to, IP addresses, ISPs, and browser types, to analyze trends, administer the Site, track a user's movement and use, and gather broad demographic information.

**What partners or service providers have access to Personally Identifiable Information from Visitors and/or Authorized Customers on the Site?**  
We will disclose Personally Identifiable Information in order to comply with a court order or subpoena or a request from a law enforcement agency to release information. We will also disclose Personally Identifiable Information when reasonably necessary to protect the safety of our Visitors and registered users. 

**How can Visitors correct any inaccuracies in Personally Identifiable Information?**  
Registered users may contact us to update Personally Identifiable Information about them or to correct any inaccuracies by emailing us at [admin@blogiversity.org](mailto:admin@blogiversity.org)

**Do you accept our Privacy Policy?**  
By using this Web Site, you are verifying that you agree to, and will abide by, the terms of the Blogiversity.org Privacy Policy. 

**What happens if the Privacy Policy Changes?**  
We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update, or modify this Privacy Policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the Site and without any other notice to you. Any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site.

**Links:**  
This web site contains links to other web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are moving to another web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites as their privacy policies may differ from ours. 

© 2010 **Blogiversity.org** , All rights reserved.  
Unauthorized duplication or publication of any materials from this Site is expressly prohibited.
