> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bloomberg.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-12-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20151231194527id_/http%3A//www.bloomberg.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Bloomberg - Business, Financial & Economic News, Stock Quotes

Bloomberg L.P. and its affiliates (together, "Bloomberg") respects the privacy rights of our users and is strongly committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy applies to this Web site, any newsletters subscribed to via this Web site, information collected and provided to Bloomberg when you subscribe to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek at third-party websites and applications, and information collected offline when you subscribe to the print edition of Bloomberg Businessweek, but does not apply to any other products or services or to information collected in any other way (whether offline or online) by Bloomberg, unless expressly indicated by Bloomberg (such as by including a link to this Privacy Policy on other Bloomberg websites or on Bloomberg mobile applications).

### Collection and Use of Personal Information

Bloomberg or a designated service provider collects personal information that you voluntarily provide on this Web site, on third-party websites and applications when subscribing to the digital edition of Bloomberg Businessweek, or offline in connection with your Bloomberg Businessweek print edition subscription, which may include your name, address, e-mail address, credit card number, billing information, etc. For example, Bloomberg or a designated service provider collects personal information when you register on this Web site, request certain Bloomberg services or products, or submit the information to enter a sweepstakes, contest, or other promotion. 

Do not provide information about others unless you are authorized to do so and consent to have all information used, disclosed, and transferred in accordance with this Privacy Policy. By submitting the information about others, you represent and warrant that you are authorized to do so and that you have received authorization from the person about whom you are providing the information and that person has consented to have all information used, disclosed, and transferred in accordance with this Privacy Policy. 

This information is used to provide you your requested service or product, to communicate with you, and enforce any terms of service or agreement related to this Web site. We use any credit card or payment information we acquire from you to fulfill your order. Bloomberg may use your personal information to provide you with information, special offers, and promotions via various means including e-mail. You may instruct Bloomberg at any time not to use your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy to provide you with special offers and promotions by clicking [here](https://login.bloomberg.com/account/) or, if you are Bloomberg Businessweek subscriber, by clicking on the Bloomberg Businessweek Opt-out [form](http://bwso.businessweek.com/r/bwo_o.asp). You can also update your settings for receiving offers and promotions by email by clicking [here](http://www.bloomberg.com/email-settings/manage/). Your choice does not apply to any other Bloomberg products or services to which you may subscribe or purchase. Please note that if you exercise choice in this manner, you will continue to receive communications concerning your account and products and services you requested, and in response to any requests for information by you. Please also note that this opt-out process may take some time to complete, consistent with applicable law. 

### Use of Cookies and Other Electronic Tools

Bloomberg and the parties with whom we work (e.g., service providers, business partners, advertisers and advertising servers) may place, view, and/or use "cookies", Web server logs, Web beacons, or other electronic tools to collect statistical and other information about your use of this Web site and other websites. This information may include information about the IP address of your computer, browser type, language, operating system, your mobile device, geo-location data, the state or country from which you accessed this Web site, the Web pages visited, the date and the time of a visit, the websites you visited immediately before and after visiting this Web site, the number of links you click within this Web site, the functions you use on this Web site, the databases you view and the searches you request on this Web site, the data you save on or download from this Website and the number of times you view an advertisement.

Bloomberg and the parties with whom we work may use the information collected for various reasons, either on behalf of Bloomberg or for the other parties’ own purposes, including research, analysis, to better serve visitors to this Web site (such as by enabling log-in, providing access to certain sections of this Web site, providing customized content, or presenting online advertising on this Web site or other websites tailored to your interests as described further below), to compile aggregate and anonymous information about usage of this Web site and other websites, other statistics, etc. However, if you have deleted and disabled cookies, these uses will not be possible to the extent they are based on cookie information. To opt out of Google Analytics, including Demographics and Interest Reporting, please click [here](https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout). To opt out of Parse.ly analytics, please click [here](http://srv.config.parsely.com/optout). 

To assist us with the uses described in this Privacy Policy, information collected about your use of this Web site or other websites may be combined with personal or other information about you from other online or offline sources. If you prefer that we not combine non-personal information that has been collected, through cookies, about your use of this Web site or other websites with personal or other information about you, then please delete and disable cookies for each browser, on each computer you use to surf the Web.

Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to disable cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. Likewise, most mobile devices allow you to disable the ability for geo-location information to be collected from your mobile device. The help function on most browsers and mobile devices contains instructions on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies, disable cookies entirely, or disable the collection of geo-location data. You need to set each browser, on each device you use to surf the Web. Thus, if you use multiple browsers (e.g., Chrome, Safari, Internet Explorer, Firefox, etc.), you should repeat this procedure with each one. Similarly, if you connect to the Web from multiple devices (e.g., work and home), you need to set each browser on each device. However, if you disable cookies or refuse to accept a request to place a cookie, it is possible that some parts of this Web site, such as the polls, surveys, contests, and product sales, and certain areas of the Web site for which you need to log in, will not function properly, and the advertising you receive when you visit this Web site may not be advertisements tailored to your interests.

### Advertisements

Bloomberg, its designated service providers, or third-party advertisers or their advertising servers may also place or recognize unique cookies on your computer or use other electronic tools in order to help display advertisements that you see on this Web site or on other websites. Information about your visits to, and activity on, this Web site and other websites, an IP address, the number of times you have viewed an advertisement, and other such usage information is used, alone or in combination with other information, to display on your device screen advertisements that may be of particular interest to you. We may use Web beacons, provided by third-party advertising companies, to help manage and optimize our online advertising and product performance. Web beacons enable us to recognize a browser’s cookie when a browser visits this Web site, and to learn which banner ads bring users to this Web site. The use and collection of your information by these third-party service providers, and third-party advertisers and their advertising servers is not covered by this Privacy Policy. BLP adheres to the industry's Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising located [here](http://www.aboutads.info/principles). To "opt out" of advertising cookies placed by participating companies in the Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising, and thereby limit the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising you receive, please click [here](http://www.aboutads.info/). To "opt out" of advertising cookies placed by the Network Advertising Initiative's ("NAI") online behavioral advertising member networks, and thereby limit the tracking of your online activity and the targeted advertising you receive, please click [here](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/). To opt out of advertising cookies for Your Online Choices if you are based in the EU, please click [here](http://youronlinechoices.eu/). 

Bloomberg’s designated service providers assist Bloomberg with advertisement display functions and related analytics for this Web site. For a list of these designated service providers and more information about their anonymous information collection and use practices, please click [here](https://login.bloomberg.com/ad_sp). To opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising, please click [here](https://www.google.com/settings/ads). 

Note that even if you exercise choice for targeted advertising, you will still receive online advertising.

### Disclosure of Personal Information and Other Information

Bloomberg may share your personal and other information with our affiliates (including affiliated websites under common ownership or control) and designated service providers. Bloomberg may share with other third parties information about our Web site users, such as your use of this Web site or other websites, and the services provided on this Web site or other websites, but only on an anonymous and aggregate basis. Bloomberg may also share your personal information with a sponsor or other third party ("Third-Party Provider") that provides you with special offers or promotions that may be of interest to you. You may instruct Bloomberg at any time not to share your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy with such Third-Party Providers by clicking [here](https://login.bloomberg.com/login) or, if you are Bloomberg Businessweek subscriber, by clicking on the Bloomberg Businessweek Opt-out [form](http://bwso.businessweek.com/r/bwo_o.asp). Please note that (i) this opt-out process may take some time to complete, consistent with applicable law; and (ii) even after such opt-out process is completed, your personal and other information may continue to be shared with our affiliates (including affiliated websites under common ownership or control) and designated service providers. 

If you participate in certain features of this Web site (e.g., sharing news stories of interest), please note that any information you or others voluntarily disclose through use of these features, becomes available to the public and/or other users whom you have designated. If you choose to provide access to designated individuals, please be aware that any information you post will be visible to such individuals for their use. Bloomberg is not responsible for the information that you or others choose to disclose publicly on this Web site, and neither Bloomberg’s nor others’ use of such information is subject to this Privacy Policy.

Bloomberg may also disclose your personal and other information to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary: (a) to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena, court order, government request, or other legal process; (b) to produce relevant documents or information in connection with litigation, arbitration, mediation, adjudication, government or internal investigations, or other legal or administrative proceedings; (c) to protect the interests, rights, safety, or property of Bloomberg or others; (d) to enforce any terms of service on this Web site; (e) to provide you and other users of this Web site with the services or products requested by you and/or the other users (including allowing a purchaser of Bloomberg or a Bloomberg division to continue to serve you), and to perform other activities related to such services and products, including billing and collection; (f) to provide you with special offers or promotions from Bloomberg that may be of interest to you; or (g) to operate Bloomberg’s systems properly.

The collection, further use, and/or disclosure of your information by Third-Party Providers or by other third parties is not the responsibility of Bloomberg. Rather, such collection, use, and/or disclosure is governed by the third parties’ privacy policies.

### Accuracy and Security of Personal Information

Any personal information you provide to Bloomberg is kept on secure servers. Bloomberg uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical measures (a) to safeguard personal information against loss, theft, unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification; and (b) to ensure the integrity of the personal information. To help us protect your privacy, you should maintain the secrecy of the logon ID and password you may have set up in connection with your participation in this Web site’s service.

### Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information

To access, review, rectify, or delete your personal information covered by this Privacy Policy, please contact us by clicking [here](http://www.bloomberg.com/feedback). While Bloomberg will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your request, we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such access requests, if allowed or required by applicable laws. 

### Transfer of Personal Information To Other Countries

Some of the uses and disclosures mentioned in this Privacy Policy may involve the transfer and processing of your personal information to and in various countries around the world that may have different levels of privacy protection than your country. By submitting your personal information, you consent to such transfers and processing, including to and in the United States.

### Links To Third-Party Websites

Bloomberg may provide links to third-party websites, including social networking websites. Since we do not control third-party sites and are not responsible for any information you may provide while on such sites, we encourage you to read the privacy policies on those websites before providing any of your information on such sites.

### Questions Regarding This Privacy Policy

If you have questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by clicking [here](http://www.bloomberg.com/feedback) and choosing the Other category. Please include “Privacy” in the Subject line of your inquiry. 

### Your California Privacy Rights

If you are a California resident, California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your personal information by Bloomberg L.P. to its affiliates and/or third parties for their direct marketing purposes.

To make such a request, please send an email with your first name, last name, mailing address, email address and telephone number to privacy@bloomberg.com. Please include "California Privacy Rights" in the Subject line of your email.

You may also make such a request by writing to us at: Bloomberg L.P. Bloomberg L.P. Attn: Legal Department 731 Lexington Avenue New York, NY 10022 

### Modifications To This Privacy Policy

Bloomberg reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions on this Web page. Such changes will be effective upon posting.
