> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the blouinartinfo.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180630022057id_/http%3A//www.blouinartinfo.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | BLOUIN ARTINFO

This Online Privacy Statement sets forth guidelines concerning how ARTINFO.com Inc. gathers and uses information about your interaction with this website and your use of our paid subscription services. This Online Privacy Statement concerns only this website, and does not concern any website to which this site may link.

Please read this Online Privacy Statement carefully, and consult our Terms of Use for more information about the general terms and conditions regarding your use of this website. Subscribers should also review our Subscription Agreement, which contains additional terms and conditions relevant to use of our paid subscription services.

In the event that you have any questions or concerns about the guidelines set forth in this Online Privacy Statement or how we use information about your interaction with this website or your use of our paid subscription services, please contact us at [privacy@artinfo.com.](mailto:privacy@artinfo.com)

1\. The Types of Information We Collect About You

When you visit and browse our website, we may collect two different types of information about you: information you provide to us, and information we collect through technology.

a. Information You Provide to Us  
In order to obtain access to certain products or services provided via this website, you may be required to provide personally identifiable information such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number. In order to obtain access to our paid subscription services, you may also be required to provide certain credit card information. You can choose not to provide this information, but then you might not be able to gain access to such products and services.

b. Information We Collect Through Technology  
We may collect information about you through technology. For example, when you visit this site, we may collect your IP address. (An IP address is often associated with the portal through which you enter the Internet, like your ISP (Internet service provider), your company, or your university.) Standing alone, your IP address is not personally identifiable. At times, we may also use IP addresses to collect information regarding the frequency with which visitors browse various parts of our site. We may combine this information with personally identifiable information. Our website may also use cookies. (Cookies are pieces of information that a website sends to your computer while you are viewing the website.) We and other companies use cookies for a variety of purposes. For instance, when you return to one of our sites after logging in, cookies provide information to the site so that the site will remember who you are. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your web browser settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that may make your browsing of our website smoother, like the features mentioned above, and some of our services may not function properly. Our website may also use other technical methods to track visitor usage, including web beacons. (“Web beacons” are small pieces of data that are embedded in images on the pages of a website.) We may also use these technical methods to analyze the traffic patterns on our website, such as the frequency with which our users visit various parts of our website. These technical methods may involve the transmission of information either directly to us or to another party authorized by us to collect information on our behalf. We may also use these technical methods in HTML e-mails that we send visitors to our website to determine whether such visitors have opened those e-mails and/or clicked on links in those e-mails. We may collect the information from use of these technical methods in a form that is personally identifiable. Advertisements appearing on our website may be managed and placed on our website by third parties. Third parties who place advertisements on our website may also use cookies and web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information when you click on or move your cursor over one of their banner advertisements. You may not realize this information is being collected. In some cases, we may have access to information from web beacons and cookies used by these third parties on our sites and this information may permit us to identify other sites that you have visited that are also associated with the third party advertiser.

2\. How Personally Identifiable Information We Collect About You is Used  
We may use personally identifiable information we collect about you when you visit and browse our website in many ways. Representative examples of the ways in which we may use personally identifiable information we collect about you when you visit and browse our website are set forth below.

a. Use in Connection with Completing Transactions  
We may use personally identifiable information we collect about you when you visit and browse our website to complete transactions requested by you (such as your purchase of a product or service offered on our websites), or to send you administrative communications either about your interactions with us or about features of our website, including any future changes to this Online Privacy Statement.

b. Use in Connection with Promotional Materials  
We may use personally identifiable information we collect about you when you visit and browse our website to send you promotional materials about goods and services (including special offers and promotions) either offered by us or by third parties. (By “promotional materials,” we mean communications that directly promote the use of our website, or the purchase of products or services.) We may also share your information with third parties so that these third parties can send you such promotional materials directly. These promotional materials may be sent to you by postal mail, e-mail or other means. We may also share your personally identifiable information with third parties so that they can send you promotional materials about goods and services (including special offers and promotions) offered by them. If we share your personally identifiable information with a third party for this purpose, your personal information will become permanently subject to the information use and sharing practices of the third party, and the third party will not be restricted by this Online Privacy Statement with respect to its use and further sharing of your personal information.

c. Use in Connection with Third Party Offers  
We may also share your information with third parties when you engage in certain activities on our website that are sponsored by third parties, such as purchasing products or services offered by a third party, electing to receive information or communications from a third party, or electing to participate in contests, sweepstakes, games or other programs sponsored in whole or in part by a third party. We may also share your personal information when you respond to promotional materials from us and authorize a third party to use your personal information for purposes such as, for example, sending you additional promotional materials, providing you a product or service, or entering you in a contest, sweepstakes or game. When you participate in such, you will either be required or requested to agree that the sponsor or business associate may use your personal information (including, in some cases, your e-mail address) in accordance with the sponsor or business associate’s privacy practices. In certain circumstances, your dealings with a third party may have authorized that third party to obtain your personal information from us and to use that information in accordance with the third party’s own privacy practices and policies. For example, in using an online shopping service (such as the shopping services offered by Internet portals that refer the portal's users to third-party merchants), you may have authorized that shopping service to obtain from the service's participating third-party merchants (including us) information about your purchases conducted through the shopping service. We will provide such companies only the information that you authorized (except as separately permitted under other provisions of this Online Privacy Statement). In the example given above, the shopping service would be provided only information concerning purchases you made from us through that shopping service, and would not be provided any other information concerning you, unless any additional sharing of your personal information were separately permitted under another provision of this Online Privacy Statement.

d. Other Uses  
Sometimes we hire companies to help deliver products or services, like a shipping company that delivers a package or a company that helps fulfill prizes for a contest. In those instances, there is a need to share your information with these companies. Sometimes we also work with other companies who help either gather your information or communicate with you. Except as separately permitted by the guidelines of this Online Privacy Statement, these companies are allowed to gather, receive, and use your information only for the purposes described in this paragraph or as required by law. Finally, we may take any personally identifiable information that we collect from you when you visit and browse our website and make it non-personally identifiable, either by combining it with information about other individuals (aggregating your information with information about other individuals), or by removing characteristics (such as your name) that make the information personally identifiable to you (de-personalizing your information). Given the nature of this information, there are no restrictions under the guidelines set forth in this Online Privacy Statement upon our right to aggregate or de-personalize your personal information, and we reserve the right to use and/or share with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information in any way.

3\. Additional Ways Personally Identifiable Information May be Disclosed

a. In Connection With A Sale of All or Part of Our Business  
At any time, we may sell all or part of our businesses and your personally identifiable information may be transferred as a part of any such sale. In the event that we do sell all or part of our business, we will include provisions in the selling contract requiring the purchaser to treat your personally identifiable information in the same manner required by this Online Privacy Statement (including any amendments to this Online Privacy Statement).

b. As Required By Law, to Enforce Our Terms of Use or Subscriber Agreement, or to Protect Your, Our, or a Third Party’s Safety, or Security

We will disclose personal information when it believes in good faith that such disclosures (a) are required by law, including, for example, to comply with a court order or subpoena, or (b) will help to: enforce our Terms of Use and/or Subscription Agreement; enforce contest, sweepstakes, promotions, and/or game rules; protect your safety or security, including the safety and security of property that belongs to you; and/or, protect the safety and security of our websites, databases, and/or third parties, including the safety and security of tangible and/or intangible property that belongs to us or to third parties.

4\. The Security Measures We Take to Safeguard Your Personally Identifiable Information The security and confidentiality of your information is extremely important to us. We have implemented technical, administrative, and physical security measures to protect guest information from unauthorized access and improper use. From time to time, we review our security procedures in order to consider appropriate new technology and methods. Please be aware though that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.

5\. Your Choices Concerning the Collection, Use, and Sharing of Your Personally Identifiable Information You may choose to opt-out of receiving promotional materials from third parties and/or from us. These opt-out choices are the means by which you give us, or decline to give us, your consent to use your personal information to send you promotional materials. There are two methods by which you can exercise your opt-out choices: (a) during the registration process on our website; (b) by contact us at [privacy@artinfo.com.](mailto:privacy@artinfo.com)

Please note that, if you do not exercise your opt-out choices upon registration or initial log-in at our website, it may take up to ninety (90) days for your opt-out choices to be fully effective. Our systems require time to update, and promotional mailings using personal information shared before your opt-out may already be in process. Thus, you might continue to receive promotional materials from us or a third party based upon the personal information you have provided under this Online Privacy Notice for up to ninety (90) days. For similar reasons, your personal information might continue to be shared with third parties for promotional purposes for up to ninety (90) days.

6\. Updating Your Contact Information and Opt-Out Choices You can contact us via e-mail at [support@artinfo.com.](mailto:support@artinfo.com) Please include information in the e-mail that will help us identify your account so we can assist you with your request. We may also provide you an opportunity to update your contact information and/or modify your opt-out choices by sending you an e-mail or other communication that invites your response. Finally, you may unsubscribe from certain e-mail communications by clicking on unsubscribe links in those e-mails.

7\. Amendments to this Online Privacy Statement  
These guidelines were adopted with the realization that the Internet is still evolving. Accordingly, this Online Privacy Statement is subject to change. In the event that we materially change the guidelines set forth in this Privacy Statement, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail at the last e-mail address that you provided us, and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on this website. Any such changes will be effective upon the earlier of thirty (30) calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or thirty (30) calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on this website. Please note that, at all times, you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us your current e-mail address. In the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any other reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. In any event, changes to this Online Privacy Statement may affect our use of personal information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. If you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us.

8\. Additional Information for California Residents  
California Civil Code Section 1798.83 permits California residents to request certain information regarding its disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an e-mail to [privacy@artinfo.com.](mailto:privacy@artinfo.com)

We collect information from you when you register and access our services on a mobile device, for example, when you download or use our mobile application or visit our website from a mobile browser, we may obtain information about your location and mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. Along with the other purposes described in this Policy, we may use this information in order to customize our Services, Content and marketing for your location. Most mobile devices let you disable location services, and your choices for location services may vary depending on your mobile device.
