> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the fepblue.org privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021206152908id_/http%3A//www.fepblue.org/contact/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy

| Your privacy is important to us. The Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association maintains high standards for the protection of your privacy at our web sites. Here is what you can expect when you visit www.fepblue.org:The Information We CollectOur web servers automatically capture your domain name, the IP address of the web page from which you enter our site, the pages you visit on our site and the amount of time you spend here. We do not collect any information that can reveal your personal identity unless you voluntarily provide it, for example, when you complete the login registration. We do not knowingly collect or use information from children under 13 without the consent of a parent or guardian.Use of the Information this Site Gathers/Tracks

Any personally-identifiable information you give us will be used only to provide you with access to "members-only areas" of the Site or to provide the product, service or information you have requested or for which you registered. If you provide feedback regarding the Site or submit an inquiry to one of our partners that has a presence on our Site, we may collect contact information in order to respond to you.

Other than making the information you voluntarily provided upon log-in available for the purposes outlined above, your personally-identifiable information will not be shared with third parties, including Blue Plans, without your express written consent. Nor will any personally-identifiable information ever be sold, rented, or licensed to third parties without your express written consent.CookiesWhen you visit our site, we may place a cookie on your computer that will allow us to customize and enhance your experience at fepblue.org, make improvements to our site, or to report site activity. Our cookies will never be used to track your activity on any third party web sites or to send spam, nor will our cookies provide us with any personally identifiable information about you.Sites We Link ToIf you choose to use any of the links we provide to our member companies, sponsors, and other third party resources, you will be leaving our web site and going to a new web site. Protection of your privacy at those other sites will be governed by the privacy policy at that site. Please take the time to read the privacy policies at their sites.Changes to this Policy  


If we make any changes to this policy, we will let you know the effective date of the changes and provide a tool for you to understand what has changed. If you have any questions or comments or receive any unwanted e-mail from this site, please contact us via e-mail at [fepbluefeedback@wro.bcbsa.com](mailto:fepbluefeedback@wro.bcbsa.com).

© 2001 Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association. All Rights Reserved.
