> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the w3m3.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-04-03. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130403130331id_/http%3A//w3m3.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# w3m3: Privacy Policy

**Privacy**

I respect your privacy and I am committed to safeguarding your privacy while online at this site [w3m3 .com](http://w3m3.com/). The following discloses how I gather and disseminate information for this Blog.

**RSS Feeds and Email Updates**

If a user wishes to subscribe to my RSS Feeds or Email Updates (powered by Feedburner), I ask for contact information such as name and email address. Users may opt-out of these communications at any time. Your personal information will never be sold or given to a third party. (You will never be spammed by me – ever)

**Log Files and Stats**

Like most blogging platforms I use log files, in this case StatCounter. This stores information such as internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring, exit and visited pages, platform used, date/time stamp, track user’s movement in the whole, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information.

**Cookies**

A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. This blog doesn’t use cookies. However, some of my business partners use cookies on this site (for example – advertisers). I can’t access or control these cookies once the advertisers have set them.

**Links**

This Blog contains links to other sites. Please be aware that I am not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. I suggest my users to be aware of this when they leave this blog and to read the privacy statements of each and every site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Blog.

**Advertisers**

I use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and would like to know your options in relation to not having this information used by these companies, [click here](http://www.doubleclick.com/privacy/faq.aspx).

I use outside ad companies to display ads on this blog. These ads may contain cookies and are collected by the advertising companies and I do not have access to this information. I work with many advertising companies like: Google Adsense, PayDotCom, ClickBank, CJ etc. Please check the advertisers websites for respective privacy policies.

**Controlling Your Privacy**

Note that you can change your browser settings to disable cookies if you have privacy concerns. Disabling cookies for all sites is not recommended as it may interfere with your use of some sites. The best option is to disable or enable cookies on a per-site basis. Consult your browser documentation for instructions on how to block cookies and other tracking mechanisms. This list of [web browser privacy management](http://www.synclastic.com/privacy/browser-configuration/) links may also be useful.

**Contact Information**

If you have any questions or concerns please contact Sahu at info @ w3m3.com. This privacy policy last updated on Sepetember 03, 2008.

### Disclaimer

**Affiliate Disclosure**

This web site and blog uses affiliate programs for monetization, which means when you click on links (text, images and banners) to various sites that are recommended in the articles and posts and make a purchase, this can result in a commission that is credited to this site.

Some affiliate programs and affiliations include, but are not limited to, Clickbank.

I have thorough knowledge about the products I recommend through my articles and blog posts and promote them because to my opinion they provide value for money to the customers who purchase the products following my recommendations. But I will still advice all prospective customers to go through the sales copy of the vendors carefully before making any decision. However, all the products that are promoted through the site are protected by a Guaranteed Money Refund Policy offered by the vendors / sites selling the products.
