> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the specialsavings.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110618121555id_/http%3A//www.specialsavings.com/forum/content.php%3F116-Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Special Savings - Privacy Policy

Updated Jan 2011 

**_Our Philosophy._**  
Your trust is our greatest asset. We make every reasonable effort to ensure that information held by SpecialSavings.com Web site is confidential and secure. We disclose our information-security practices to you as clearly and fully as possible. These practices receive continuous oversight, and many of our business decisions, including Web design, technology selections, and third-party business relationships, begin and end with considerations for your privacy.   
Changes to Policy. While our philosophy will not change, the details of the policy will change over time as we add additional services and form relationships with new business partners. Please refer back to this page periodically. The date the policy was last revised will always appear at the top of the policy pages.   
Contacting Us. If you have any questions about this Privacy and Confidentiality Policy, the practices of SpecialSavings.com Web site, your dealings with SpecialSavings.com, or would like to provide comments, please contact us at [info@SpecialSavings.com](mailto:info@SpecialSavings.com). 

**_Site Ownership, Scope, and Applicability of The Policy_**.  
This Policy applies only when you are within the SpecialSavings.com-powered environment and only to information that SpecialSavings.com collects. Please be advised that individual merchant practices outside the SpecialSavings.com-powered Web site are the legal owners of those sites and can customize their sites in two ways that fall outside the scope of the SpecialSavings.com Privacy and Confidentiality Policy:   
A merchant or a user could put a link on the site that takes you to a site or service that is not part of the SpecialSavings.com-powered environment. Once there, you will no longer be interacting with a SpecialSavings.com server, and you should no longer see any SpecialSavings.com trademarks or legends that refer to SpecialSavings.com. If you leave the SpecialSavings.com-powered environment in this way, you can no longer be assured that the operator of the other site or service will follow the privacy policies and information security practices that are described in the SpecialSavings.com policy. We generally strive to provide buffer pages to inform you when you are leaving our environment, but we cannot monitor all site customizations made by individual medical practices.   
If you ever have reason to believe that another website has used its SpecialSavings.com-powered Web site to obtain information that it has used inappropriately, please contact us at [info@SpecialSavings.com](mailto:info@SpecialSavings.com).

**_Activity Tracking_**.   
We collect and use activity statistics so we can understand the ways in which our sites and services are being utilized. We also provide this data, stripped of all personal identifiers, to our 3rd parties, affiliated and non affiliate partners or potential partners. Activity related data is stored anonymously and it is only used in the form of aggregated statistics. This aggregated, anonymous data may also be shared with business partners. Activity related data cannot be used to target you with solicitations of any kind.   
With the exception of your User ID and Secure Messages, you have full, online access to any and all information that you provide to us for purposes of viewing and changing it.   
Collection and Stewardship of Other Information. We only collect information that is required in order to provide you with services. We design our sites so that you must make express, informed choices to use services that ask for personal information and authorize us to have access to your personal information. If you do choose to provide us with personal information, we will hold that information in the strictest confidence taking all reasonable steps to protect your personal health information.   
At any time, you can opt out of any service you have been using and revoke your authorization for our access to your information. We monitor and adopt best practices from industry guidelines and applicable statutes, and we follow appropriate information security practices.  
When you request information from us, the information you provide may be shared with third party partners in order to fulfill your request.   
Third Parties. We work with business partners to provide the highest-quality service available. Our business partner contracts include protective language regarding consumer privacy in those cases where we feel the nature of the partner's role demands it. We do not disclose personal information to any third party without clearly noting the purpose of such disclosure at the point where you choose to use the service and obtain your authorization.   
Use of Cookies. Similar to other commercial Websites, this website utilizes standard technology called "cookies" and web server logs to collect information about how the Web Site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at this Web Site, and the Web Sites visited just before and just after this Web Site. This information is collected on an aggregate basis, sometimes using a third party service to collect Measurement Data in connection with your IP address. None of this information is associated with you as an individual.   
A cookie is a small text file that Web sites use to recognize a user. At its simplest, cookie technology works by carrying a unique ID generated by the server that creates the cookie. A cookie does not pose a threat to the computer that accepts it.  
You can, of course, disable cookies on your computer by indicating this in the preferences or options menus in your browser. However, it is possible that some parts of our Web Site will not operate correctly if you disable cookies. You should consult with your browser’s provider/manufacturer if you have any questions regarding disabling cookies. 

**_Protecting Children_**. None of our sites or services are directed at children, and we make every reasonable effort to ensure that we do not accept personal information from persons under 13 years of age.   
Legal Requests. SpecialSavings.com cooperates with law enforcement inquiries as a matter of policy. We will use IP addresses and other available information to attempt to identify a user when we are legally compelled to do so or when we feel it is necessary to protect our services, sites, customers, or others.   
Legal Disclaimer. Unfortunately, no data protection method or combination of methods can be guaranteed 100 percent secure. We take all reasonable steps to protect your personal information as described throughout this policy, but we cannot ensure or warrant our ability to do so. As a result, you use SpecialSavings.com content, products, and services at your own risk. SpecialSavings.com will not be liable for disclosures of your personal information due to errors in transmission or unauthorized acts of third parties.
