> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the specially4u.net privacy policy that was archived on 2002-12-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20021206162645id_/http%3A//www.specially4u.net/privacy.htm) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Statement

## Privacy Statement for _Specially4u_

**specially4u** has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: [specially4u](http://www.specially4u.net/)

#### Information Automatically Logged 

We log IP addresses to help us verify visitor and their activity on our site.

#### Advertisers 

We use an outside ad company to display ads on our site. These ads may contain cookies. While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. 

#### Registration Forms 

Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address), and demographic information (like their zip code, age, or income level). 

Contact information from the registration forms is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary. 

#### External Links 

This site contains links to other sites. **specially4u** is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. 

#### Security 

This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control.

#### Choice/Opt-Out 

  1. You can send email to [support@specially4u.net](mailto:support@specially4u.net)



#### Data Quality/Access 

This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided: 

  1. You can send email to [manager@specially4u.net ](mailto:manager@specially4u.net)



## Contacting the Web Site 

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:   


[webmaster@specially4u.net](mailto:webmaster@specially4u.net)

* * *

Generated by [Privacy Wizard](http://privacy.bcentral.com/)
