> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the speedtest.net privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140630023708id_/http%3A//www.speedtest.net/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Speedtest.net by Ookla - Privacy Policy

_Updated December 4th, 2011_

At Ookla, we know that our success in providing free broadband services to the globe is all the result of trust. Trust in the fact that we are 100% independent -- from ISPs, mobile/cellular carriers, phone & cable companies and yes, from government, lobbyists and special interests too. In fact the owners and operators of Ookla Speedtest have been broadband advocates (some have said activists) since 1992. Today, we focus first and foremost on what was merely a dream back then: Provide the world with free and easy to use broadband testing applications that fill the need for a single, global broadband standard. We have built Ookla Speedtest on an almost infinitely scalable platform that (now) serves millions of people on all major operating systems and almost any platform: anytime, anywhere, and to/from thousands of physical locations all around the world.

We also know that above all, this trust in based in the unrivaled accuracy of our tools. We provide this accuracy whether testing from your home, work, or a mobile device when on the go. Your results are all, strictly at your option, stored under a single free account to make it even easier to manage and compare. All of our valued customers do so knowing they remain entirely anonymous because we don’t collect any personally identifiable information whatsoever. Our customers depend on us to reinvest and innovate, and provide these services at no cost to them. How do we do without selling personally identifiable information? First, it is important to realize that our business model is very different than many other free sites. While we are and will always remain free to the entire worldwide population (250 million served in the last year alone), we separately serve thousands of clients who license special versions our technology for use on their own web site(s). In fact, this is all part of our success as the single global standard, exclusively used by over 80% of North American Internet and Application Service Providers (60% globally, and growing even faster) and Fortune 500, Fortune 50, as well as serving many national government, federal communication organizations, including the FCC.

We do not collect (or even see!) any information about you personally, but want you to know how the anonymous information we do receive is used. First and foremost it is to help us continually improve our capabilities. It surprises many to learn that we have been building and improving our testing engine for over twelve (12) years. The original vision to create a web-based application to measure connections was in 1999, long before it was technically practical to do so. Since first creating a working program in 2003, and in every week since, we have invested further, totaling now over thirty thousand hours of programming and testing all to improve our applications, as was absolutely necessary to do in order to meet the massive global demand to test broadband connections and other networks that get faster and increasingly complex all the time. Second, we use anonymous information to build the entirely unique site Net Index, loaded with powerful tools and information to help broadband customers evaluate ISPs, business customers learn more about global network quality and cellular providers remain accountable. Over 217 million people were presented key Net Index statistics in the past year alone. All around the world Net Index provides the only accurate standard to clearly describe download and upload speeds, network quality as well as value and how well ISPs and Mobile providers are meeting their promises.

We get the opportunity to work with a wide variety of researchers in academia, businesses both non-profit and for-profit as well as national and local governments throughout the globe to help them understand the state of broadband in their areas of interest. As of July 2011, we help them better serve the needs of broadband users world-wide by providing them broadband performance data, including that information [freely available to anyone at Net Index](http://www.netindex.com/), and never include actual IP Addresses. We do sometimes provide instead, a randomly generated “IP ID” that means nothing whatsoever, it merely makes it possible to match multiple test results to a single connection. We also contribute [data via Google's Public Data Explorer](http://www.google.com/publicdata/explore?ds=z8ii06k9csels2_&ctype=l&strail=false&nselm=h&met_y=avg_download_speed&scale_y=lin&ind_y=false&rdim=country&tdim=true&hl=en&dl=en&iconSize=0.5&uniSize=0.035), which we were specifically invited by Google to do in 2010. The result is powerful: for absolutely no cost researchers, governments, and of course ISPs and laypersons can chart how broadband has changed so tremendously over just the last few years in all parts of the world and better build the networks of tomorrow. We are now planning to do much the same thing for Mobile broadband, and will be launching a special Mobile Section at Net Index in the near future.

### Your Test Results

Naturally in order to show you your result, we have to store that along with all of the information that allows you to compare your performance with others, and we do so with all tests that are performed with Ookla Speedtest (Web or Mobile) or at Pingtest.net. These anonymous Test Results typically include the actual measurement results (Mbps), the IPv4 or IPv6 network address, and the make and version of web browser that was used to access the site. We take note also of the date and time the test was run and which ISP, college or organization who operates the network the connection is on and an approximate location for the server and the client machine (using only publicly available information). With Mobile devices, we collect the type of device, which version it is both hardware and software and the very same information about the network including what type the test was run on (cellular or WiFi). As well, and only if you have allowed us explicitly to do so on your device, the approximate location information only regarding where the test was run from.

### How We Use The Data We Collect

We may use collected information in the manners described above and in the following ways: We may disclose anonymous Test Results to third parties, but by anonymous we mean no personally identifiable information is provided. We also reserve the right to disclose the information we collect in the following circumstances (i) upon such lawful request or in response to legal process. In circumstances where we are by demonstrable law and only after consulting with our own attorneys we are required to comply with such laws, (ii) to enforce our agreements, protect our application integrity and require or enforce our terms of use or (iii) to protect the rights, property or safety of Ookla, our employees, agents, customers and others.

In connection with a merger, acquisition, or other sale of significant assets of our company, we may transfer all of our data regarding broadband performance, including individual broadband test results, to the acquiring company. We promise to first get their binding assurance they also abide by all privacy laws, generally accepted privacy policies and in accordance with simply being decent human beings we can work with to continue providing our free services to the general public.

### Partner Sites

Some Ookla Services are accessed through third party sites. They may send us information, including personal information to us as part of our arrangement with them to provide you with a better experience. We process that information under this Privacy Policy and do not store it unless you ask us to during Registration. In general though, the information you provide to such sites will be governed by their privacy policies.

### Registration (Account) Information

Registering an account is not required but may be an option for certain services we provide. Registration may require a valid email address to ensure the registration is from an actual, well-intended human. We may email you with information related to these services, but we will never give your email address to others.

### Cookies and Web Beacons

We use cookies to store information such as your preferences. Otherwise you need to set your preferences each time you visit. This includes settings such as which server you prefer to use, what measurement units you prefer (metric/english or Kbps/Mbps). Cookies are also used to track what advertisements you have seen on our site. We try to show you ads that we think you will be interested in, and not the same one too many times. Advertising helps supports the cost of operating our services and the Speedtest.net site. We also use some third party advertisement services. Some of these advertisers may use cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your network address and the web browser you used to visit our site. This data is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York broadband ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing outdoor gear ads to someone who frequents outdoor recreation sites). Google specifically uses something called a DoubleClick DART cookie to accomplish this. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by using the [Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out Tool](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp). You can also choose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your web browser settings. This may affect how you are able to interact with our site and the sites of others. 

### Information Security

We take all reasonable steps to maintain appropriate security to help prevent misuse, unauthorized access, and disclosure of all of the information we store whether temporarily or long-term. Still, while we do take these reasonable steps to safeguard your personal information, no system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network is considered by anyone or can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.

### Privacy Policy Updates

We may update this privacy policy from time to time. When we do so, we will always write it ourselves instead of handing it to an attorney who specializes in privacy laws but is unable to hold a normal conversation with actual people. We will however consult with those good folks, because we want to do this right.

This Privacy Policy is effective as of December 4th, 2011. We will always post any new privacy policy on this page and change the date at the top of the policy. We will otherwise try not to bother you and just focus on what you expect and trust us to do: provide quick and easy solutions to test your network from any device. We’re on it!
