> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the speedtv.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120525011522id_/http%3A//www.speedtv.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# PRIVACYSPEED - The Motor Sports Authority

SPEEDtv.com Privacy Policy

Effective July 7, 2011: 

1\. INTRODUCTION

Speed Channel, Inc. (“Speed” or “we”) operates the website [http://www.Speedtv.com](http://www.speedtv.com/), an entertainment website including community features that allows users to view auto racing content such as NASCAR and formula 1 racing, watch streaming video content, create personal profiles, and discuss and share information with other users. The services Speed offers include any Speed-branded URL (including, without limitation Speed.com, collectively, “Speedtv.com”), Speed messaging services, Speed video services, and any other features, content, or applications offered from time to time by Speed in connection with Speed’s business including when accessed via the Internet, mobile or other device (collectively, the "Speed Services"). Speed is part of the United States based operations of News Corporation. 

As set forth in our [Terms of Use](http://www.speedtv.com/terms/), the Site is a general audience site, is not targeted to children, and does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. 

This Privacy Policy applies to all “users,” including both those who use some of the Services without being registered or subscribing to the Speed Services and those who have subscribed to one or more Speed Service, and/or have registered with Speedtv.com to create a user profile or enter a contest or sweepstake (“Members”). This Privacy Policy describes Speed’s collection and use of users’ personal information (e.g., information that identifies a specific person, such as full name or email address), where that information is not otherwise publicly available on the Speed Services. We also provide information on the Speed Privacy Settings and describe generally Speed’s practices for handling non-personally identifiable information (e.g., interests, demographics and site usage) to the extent such information is associated with a particular user or user account. 

2\. SUBMISSION AND COLLECTION OF INFORMATION ON THE SPEEDTV SERVICES

User Submitted Information

Registration Information is the information that Members must provide to us at registration in order to create a profile (also called an “account”) or enter a contest or sweepstake, such as name, email address, username, cable provider and zip code. 

Public Information and Posts consist of your display name, username and, if you provide one, your profile picture and any additional information you chose to make public through your profile and your posts and comments on the Speed Services outside of your profile. Your posts and comments outside of your profile include those made on other Member profiles and on general Speed content, such as Speedtv.com provided photos, and in general Speedtv.com areas, such as forums and chats. Your Public Information and Posts are always public, which means they are available to everyone and will be displayed in search results both on the Speed Services and on external search engines. However, when you post content or comments on another Member’s profile, that information will be disclosed consistent with that Member’s Privacy Settings. 

Profile Content consists of information Members may add to their profile. It includes location Member’s content, such as “About Me,” photos and videos, as well as the Member’s blog, friends, comments and similar information. You can choose which users you share your Profile Content with, as well as change your search and activity Privacy in your [Privacy Settings](http://my.speedtv.com/admin/privacy_settings.one?pref_tab=profile). 

Speed Collected Information

Speed Activity Information. When users access the Speed Services, we may collect certain non-personally identifiable information about those visits. For example, in order to permit your connection to Speedtv.com, our servers receive and record information about your computer and browser, including potentially your IP address, browser type, and other software or hardware information. If you access the Speed Services from a mobile or other device, we may collect a unique device identifier assigned to that device or other transactional information for that device in order to serve content to it. We may also use cookies and other tracking technologies (including browser cookies, pixels, beacons, and Adobe Flash technology including cookies), which are comprised of small bits of data that often include an anonymous unique identifier. Websites send this data to your browser when you first request a web page and then store the data on your computer so the website can access information when you make subsequent requests for pages from that site. We may use these technologies to collect and store information about your usage of the Speed Services, such as pages you have visited, search queries you have run, and advertisements you have seen. We also collect personal information in manual or off-line format, such as a post card or subscription form. Providing detailed a detailed privacy notice in those situations is often impractical. In these situations, we will provide consumers with a short notice that describes how to obtain the full text of this Privacy Policy.

Third parties that support the Speed Services by serving advertisements or providing services, such as allowing users to share content or tracking aggregate Speedtv.com usage statistics may also use these technologies to collect similar information. Speed does not control these third-party technologies and their use is governed by the privacy policies of these third parties using such technologies. For more information about third-party ad networks that use these technologies, see [www.aboutads.info](http://www.aboutads.info/).

Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies, but you can change your settings to notify you when a cookie is being set or updated, or to block cookies altogether. Please consult the "Help" section of your browser for more information (e.g., <http://windows.microsoft.com/en-US/windows-vista/Block-or-allow-cookies>). Users can manage the use of Flash technologies, including cookies, with the Flash management tools available at Adobe’s website, see <http://www.adobe.com/products/flashplayer/security/privacy_policy/faq.html>. Please note that by blocking any or all cookies you may not have access to certain features or personalization available through Speed Services. 

Third Parties. To improve the quality of the Speed Services, Speed may supplement the information we collect with information from third parties. If you access the Speed Services through a third-party connection or log-in, we may also collect your user ID and/or user name associated with that third-party service, or any information you have made public in connection with that service and which the third party shares with partner services. 

3\. NOTICE & CHOICE

Means of Notice and Choice. This Privacy Policy and your Privacy Settings are the primary means by which Speed provides you with notice and choice about its collection and use of your personal information. We will not use your personal information in a manner different from what is described in this Privacy Policy without your permission. 

Privacy Policy Changes. Speed may modify this Privacy Policy as necessary. If we make material changes to this Privacy Policy that expand our rights to use your personal information, we will notify you to seek your consent through a message, email or a prominent posting on the Speed Services. 

Location of Data. The Speed Services are hosted in the United States. If you are a user located outside the United States, you understand and consent to having any personal information you provide transferred to and processed in the United States. U.S. data protection and other relevant laws may not be the same as those in your jurisdiction. As a result, please read this Privacy Policy with care.

Linked Websites or Services. Speed Services may also be linked to sites or services operated by Speed affiliates (i.e., that are part of the News America Group: “[Affiliated Companies](http://www.newscorp.com/)”) or third parties, and may carry advertisements or offer content functionality, games, newsletters, contests or sweepstakes or applications, developed and maintained by third parties, including online stores. Speed is not responsible for the privacy practices of any such third parties, and once you leave the Speed Services via a link, enable a third-party service, visit an affiliated store, or click an advertisement, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third-party site. Additionally, although all Affiliated Companies adhere to the News Corporation corporate [Privacy Principles](http://www.newscorp.com/privacy.html), users who visit an Affiliated Company site should still refer to its separate privacy policy, which may differ in some respects from this Privacy Policy.

Collection of Personal Financial Information by a Third Party. If you elect to purchase any products or services through Speedtv.com you will be required to provide personal financial information, including your credit card information, billing address or other payment information) (collectively, “Personal Financial Information”), full name, phone number and shipping address in order to purchase such product or service. . You acknowledge and agree that this Privacy Policy will not apply to any Personal Financial Information that you provide to any independent third party company on Speedtv.com and that all payment obligations related to such purchase shall be governed solely by the applicable independent third party company’s privacy policy. You further acknowledge and agree that Speed will have no liability for or control over such independent third party company’s use or protection of your Personal Financial Information. You should check the privacy policy of the independent third party company‘s website to determine how it will handle any Personal Financial Information it collects from you and/or processes. You acknowledge and agree that in the event that such independent third party company experiences a data breach that compromises or otherwise affects your Personal Financial Information, Speed shall in no way be responsible or liable to you for such breach. You should contact the applicable independent third party company regarding any such data breach. 

4\. USE AND DISCLOSURE

Information Made Public Through Use of Speed Services and User Privacy Settings

Speed Members’ Public Information and Posts are always publically available to anyone, including other users, search engines, advertisers, third-party application developers, and anyone else with access to the Speed Services. Beyond your Public Information and Posts, you can chose what information you add to your Profile Content, and whether you want to restrict which other users can see that information through your Privacy Settings. When your Privacy Setting is “all users,” your Profile Content is made available to any and all third parties. Additionally, when you post content or comments to another Member’s profile, that information will be disclosed consistent with that Member’s [Privacy Settings](http://my.speedtv.com/admin/privacy_settings.one?pref_tab=profile).

Speed’s Use and Disclosure of Information

We only share your non-public personal information with non-affiliated third parties when we believe sharing is permitted by you or authorized by this Privacy Policy. In addition, Speed may share your Registration Information and Profile Content with Affiliated Companies.

We use the information we collect from and about users for the following purposes:

To provide and manage the Speed Services. We use the information we collect from and about users to provide the Speed Services and features to you, which may include to measure and improve those services and features, to personalize your experience by delivering relevant content, advertising and marketing messages, to allow you to participate in online games, contests or promotions, to enable you to communicate and share with other users, and to provide you with customer support and respond to inquiries. We may use aggregated, anonymous data about use of and activity on the Speed Services to assist us in this regard and such data is not subject to this Privacy Policy. 

To allow third-party service providers to assist us in providing and managing the Speed Services. Speed may make your non-public personal information available to certain third-party service providers, such as contractors, agents or sponsors, who help us manage or provide the Speed Services by, for example: developing or supporting products and features; conducting email marketing on our behalf; processing payments; administering message boards; fulfilling orders; processing data or statistics; or assisting with the administration, judging and prize fulfillment aspects of contests, promotions and sweepstakes. These outside service providers are required to protect non-public personal information entrusted to them and not use it for any other purpose than the specific service they are providing to the Speed Services.   
  
To allow other users to find you. In order to locate Speed Members that a user may already know in the physical world and/or want to get to know in the online world, Speed allows users to search for Members using information the user already knows, such as display name and gender, and identifies users matching that search information.

To deliver relevant content and recommendations. To make your experience more interesting, we may use any of the information you provide, the information we collect about your page views and queries, and information we may collect from other users and third parties to assist us in recommending content on Speed. 

To contact you. Speed may periodically send promotional materials (e.g., newsletters) or notifications related to the Speed Services to the email address you provided to us at registration or to your Speed account. If you want to stop receiving promotional materials from Speed, you can change your Profile Settings or follow the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email. There are certain service notification emails that you may not opt-out of as long as you are a Member, such as notifications of changes to the Speed Services or policies. 

To deliver relevant advertising. We may use the information you provide to us, and information we collect about your use of the Speed Services through cookies and other technologies, to assist us in delivering you relevant ads when you visit the Speed Services. We may work with third-party advertising networks and advertisers who help deliver these ads to you. We do not share your non-public personal information with these third parties, but we may share anonymized or aggregated information with them to improve the relevancy of the ads you see on the Speed Services. As noted above, these third-party advertising networks and advertisers may also use cookies and similar technologies to collect and track non-personally identifiable information such as demographic information, aggregated information, and Internet activity to assist them in delivering advertising that is more relevant to your interests. To find out more about third-party online advertising and to opt out of this type of advertising, visit the Network Advertising Initiative website <http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>. Speed also shares non-personally identifiable demographic and interest information associated with your account with third-party advertising networks to assist them in delivering relevant ads on Speed. 

To protect the rights of Speed and our users. There may be instances when Speed may disclose user information without providing notice or choice, including situations where Speed has a good faith belief that such disclosure is necessary in order to: (i) protect or defend the legal rights or property of Speed, our Affiliated Companies or their employees, agents and contractors (including enforcement of our agreements); (ii) protect the safety and security of users of the Speed Services or members of the public; (iii) protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or (iv) comply with the law or legal process. 

To complete a merger or sale of assets. If Speed sells all or part of its business or makes a sale or transfer of its assets or is otherwise involved in a merger or transfer of all or a material part of its business, Speed may transfer your information to the party or parties involved in the transaction as part of that transaction.

5\. SECURITY

Speed uses commercially reasonable administrative, technical, personnel and physical measures to safeguard user information in its possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification.

6\. ACCESS, REMEDIES AND COMPLIANCE

User Control and Account Cancellation. Through your Profile Settings, you can access, edit or delete your Registration Information, profile picture and Profile Content. If you no longer want to use the Speed services, you may cancel your account by visiting <http://my.speedtv.com/admin/edit_account.one?pref_tab=profile>. Remember that even after you cancel your account, copies of some information from your account may remain viewable in some circumstances where, for example, you have posted information on another user’s profile, shared information with a third party application or website, or if another person copied, stored or shared your information. We may also retain backup information related to your account on our servers for some time after cancellation for fraud detection or to comply with applicable law or our internal security policies. Because of the nature of caching technology, your account may not be instantly inaccessible to others, and there may be a delay in the removal of the content from elsewhere on the Internet and from search engines. 

7\. CONTACT US

If you have questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact Speed by email at [Speed.Privacy@fox.com](mailto:Speed.Privacy@fox.com) or phone at (310) 369-1350. Or, you can contact us by mail at:

Speed Privacy Officer  
Business & Legal Affairs  
Fox Cable Network Services, LLC  
P.O. Box 900  
Beverly Hills, California 90213-0900 
