> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the spendwithpennies.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-12-28. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20171228030528id_/https%3A//www.spendwithpennies.com/disclosure-and-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclosure and Privacy Policy - Spend With Pennies

**Disclosure Policy**

This policy is valid from 25 June 2012.

Spend with Pennies is a personal blog written and edited by Holly Nilsson. This blog accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.   The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this blog. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.

Please note that Spend with Pennies has financial relationships with some of the merchants mentioned here. Spend with Pennies may be compensated if consumers choose to utilize the links located throughout the content on this site and generate sales for the said merchant.

From time to time, the owner of this blog is compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. Even though the owner of this blog may receive compensation for certain posts or advertisements, we always give our honest opinions, findings, beliefs, or experiences on those topics or products. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely the bloggers’ own. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer, provider or party in question.

We are a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for us to earn fees by linking to Amazon.com and affiliated sites.

This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.

**Privacy Policy**

We will NEVER share your information with any companies without your permission. **We will never, under ANY circumstances sell your information to anyone for any reason**. Your Ip address and e-mail address are kept by us for tracking traffic and to contact winners for giveaways. If at anytime a company wants to send all entrant to a giveaway a discount code after a specific giveaway is over you will be clearly notified in the giveaway post that we may share your e-mail information. If you do not want to be included on that list all you have to do is e-mail us and we will not share your information

This privacy policy sets out how Spend With Pennies uses and protects any information that you give while using www.spendwithpennies.com.  Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.

We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.

**What we collect**

We may collect the following information:

  * contact information including email address
  * demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
  * other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers



**What we do with the information we gather**

We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:

  * We may use the information to improve our products and services.
  * If you have signed up for emails via spendwithpennies.com, we may send promotional emails as requested about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.



**Security**

We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure,we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.

**How we use cookies**

A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.

We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.

Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.

You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.

**Advertising**

Some of our advertisers occasionally serve you cookies as well. We do not have control over cookies placed by advertisers. We may use advertising service vendors to help present advertisements on the website. These vendors may use cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies to serve you advertisements tailored to interests you have shown by browsing on this and other sites you have visited, to determine whether you have seen a particular advertisement before and to avoid sending you duplicate advertisements. In doing so, these vendors may collect non-personal data such as your browser type, your operating system, Web pages visited, time of visits, content viewed, ads viewed, and other clickstream data. The use of cookies, web beacons, or similar technologies by these advertising service vendors is subject to their own privacy policies, not ours, and Service Provider disclaims all liability in connection therewith.

**Links to other websites**

Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

**Controlling your personal information**

You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:

  * whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
  * if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by contacting us.



We will never sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.

Updated September 22, 2014
