> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the embopress.org privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190418160959id_/http%3A//www.embopress.org/content/embo-press-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# EMBO Press Privacy Policy | EMBO Press

Thank you for visiting the EMBO Press privacy policy. Data protection is of a particularly high priority for EMBO Press. EMBO Press is committed to protecting the privacy of authors, referees, and others who use its manuscript submission systems and journal websites (‘users’). We only collect the data necessary to allow for a high quality editorial process. These data are never shared with advertisers or other third parties not directly connected to EMBO Press. Minimal personal data are shared only with organizations such as site hosting, typesetting and publishing services necessary to fulfill the publishing mission of the four EMBO Press journals: The EMBO Journal, EMBO reports, EMBO Molecular Medicine and Molecular Systems Biology ('journals'). All reasonable practices are followed to ensure the ongoing protection of author, referee, and user personal data that may be collected and used during article ingestion, review, editing, production processing, publication, posting, charging and delivery of information related to all aspects of publication operations.

Your use of the journal websites and manuscript submission system indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy.

To enable the processing of papers submitted for editorial review, the journals collect personal data including author names, ORCID IDs, email addresses, affiliations, phone and fax numbers, and other details in order to accurately identify the authors. As the controller, EMBO has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. However, Internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. For this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone.

The terms noted below provide details of how personal data are collected and used for the express purposes of preparing and publishing content, which include but are not limited to reviewing, editing, processing, publishing, hosting, billing for, and indexing content as part of routine publishing processes, as well as online article purchasing services through secure measures. In using the journal sites, as well as the dedicated submission system known as eJournal Press, authors, referees, editors and users agree to the privacy terms stated below.

As an author, referee, or site user, if you have any objections to any of the policies noted herein, you should not use our journal sites or any related services, including the manuscript submission system related to our sites.

_Specifics related to the collection and use of personal data:_

  * Personally identifiable information: The collection of author and referee details is required for accurate identification in the manuscript submission system, and is necessary for communication with editorial and production staff. Personal data collected at the time of submission are also used to register authors and referees for accounts within the submission system. Visitors to the journal sites may choose not to supply personally identifiable information, but this may prevent the use of some or all of the features and functionality of the sites. The use of the Internet pages of our journal sites is possible without indication of personal data; however, if a data subject wants to use special services via our website, processing of personal data could become necessary. If the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no statutory basis for such processing, we generally obtain consent from the data subject.
  * Non-personally identifiable information: This is information that is neither used nor intended to be used to personally identify an individual and is neither associated with nor linked to personally identifiable information. These are data collected via EMBO Press–branded websites, and include information such as your Internet protocol (IP) address, browser type, browser language, and the date and time of your visit.
  * Cookies: “Cookies,” which are used on our sites, are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s web browser while you are viewing a website. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personalized and interactive experience. Persistent cookies can be removed or blocked by following the help file directions in your Internet browser. We also use login cookies that allow you to retain access for a specified period. When your cookie expires, you may need to log in again to regain access. There are also third-party cookies that may be set on the sites to deliver analytics data.
  * Aggregated data: Data about the collective behavior of visitors to our sites may be aggregated and displayed. However, personally identifiable information is never disclosed other than as described herein.
  * Accessing and removing personally identifiable data: Users, authors, and referees can access the personally identifiable data we have collected about them at any time, by signing into the journal manuscript submission systems and clicking on ‘Download Copy of My Records’. Users can request that any data they have provided to us be removed from our servers and computer networks by clicking the ‘Contact’ link in the footer of the website or directly emailing publishing@embo.org and making the request. Note that the request must come from the email address that is registered for the record in question.
  * Referee data: The collection of details about manuscript reviewers in the journal’s manuscript submission system is required for proper solicitation of reviewers as well as appropriate editorial staff engagement in the processing of decisions on manuscripts submitted. Referee information will be held indefinitely but never shared with other parties, apart from other select journals with explicit permission of the referees.
  * Author data: Author details are captured from our manuscript submission system and used in the processing and publication of articles. Where appropriate, they are also shared confidentially with the journal production staff at EMBO Press and the contracted publishing partner Wiley. Minimal author metadata are shared confidentially with contracted third-party vendor(s) to permit article composition, including metadata capture, delivery of page proofs to the corresponding author, resolution of queries to the journal production staff, and the sharing of metadata as part of routine indexing of published content in professional publishing databases such as PubMed, PubMed Central, Web of Science, Crossref, ORCID, etc.
  * Editor and editorial advisory board member data: The collection of details about editors and editorial advisory board members in the journals' manuscript submission system is required for appropriate editorial staff engagement in the processing of decisions on manuscripts submitted. Editor and editorial advisory board member information will be held indefinitely but never shared with other parties.
  * Third-party sharing: Author metadata are shared with third-party vendors solely for the creation of articles and indexing services. Search engines index content directly from published content on our journal website.
  * Personal data stored in manuscript submission system: Author and reviewer account profiles, with identifiable personal details, are preserved in the journal’s manuscript submission system (eJournal Press) after the processing of a specific article and are visible only to authorized staff within eJournal Press, EMBO Press and, where appropriate and with permission of the authors or referees, with directly affiliated partner journals. Email addresses or other personal information are never sold to third parties or shared for profit.
  * Publication site hosting: Author and site user emails are collected by our online hosting service (HighWire Press Inc.) as part of Alerts/Announcements signup for the receipt of new-content Alerts and Announcements; emails collected for this purpose are not used for any other purpose except for the delivery of journal Alerts and Announcements.
  * Invoice/billing cycle: Author’s financial details are used by Wiley as the EMBO Press affiliated publisher staff expressly to collect author fees related to article publication. Credit card and purchase order information is used solely for the processing of payments for such purchases. Credit card information is not stored by either Wiley or EMBO Press.
  * IP addresses are used for statistical purposes including geographical data and are not used to identify individuals.
  * At times, information may be disclosed under the strictest confidentiality to EMBO Press consultants as required for internal business reviews and consulations on research integrity or ethics.
  * All other personal information collected at the manuscript submission stage, at any point during the journal article production process, or on pages that offer to authors or site users additional alerting, announcement or other services is used expressly for the stated purpose.



EMBO Press is a part of EMBO and as such, the EMBO Privacy Policy also applies to the EMBO Press and journal websites. For further information please [click here.](http://embo.org/embo-privacy-policy)

EMBO Press reserves the right to update this Privacy Policy as required. Updates will be indicated by a “Last Update” date at the bottom of the page. Any continued use thereafter also constitutes your acceptance of the terms noted herein.

**Last update: May 25, 2018**
