> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the aproplan.com privacy policy that was archived on 2015-03-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20150320154438id_/http%3A//www.aproplan.com/footer/Support/Privacy-Policy.aspx) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AproPLAN

This Privacy Policy provides our policies and procedures for collecting, using, and disclosing your information. Users can access the AproPLAN service (the “Service”) through our website www.AproPLAN.com, applications on Devices, through APIs, and through third-parties. A “Device” is any computer used to access the AproPLAN Service, including without limitation a desktop, laptop, mobile phone, tablet, or other consumer electronic device. This Privacy Policy governs your access of the AproPLAN Service, regardless of how you access it, and by using our Services you consent to the collection, transfer, processing, storage, disclosure and other uses described in this Privacy Policy. All of the different forms of data, content, and information described below are collectively referred to as “information.”

##  1\. Personal data protection

Any visit to, and/or use of, this website involves the collection and processing of personal data. In compliance with relevant legal provisions, AproPlan has established a clear and precise policy for the protection of personal data.

AproPlan has also implemented safety measures to avoid any loss, abuse or destruction of personal data that belongs to users of the website which has been disclosed to AproPlan. The processing of personal data collected by AproPlan through the use of this website falls under the Belgian Law (Belgian Personal Data Protection Act of 8 December 1992, as amended by the Law of 11 December 1998 transposing the Directive 95/46/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 24 October 1995 on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data). Any collection of personal data, especially as a result of any registration (including, but not limited to, subscriptions to newsletters and use of the extranet), is done with your explicit consent to such collection and processing by AproPlan of the disclosed data. This data protection policy is without prejudice to AproPlan’s rights and obligations to users of this website as set out in any contract, or in any statute, or under any legal or regulatory provision or requirement.

##  2\. Personal data

  
Following your visit to this website, AproPlan will store the following data: Information You Provide. When you register an account, we collect some personal information, such as your name, phone number, credit card or other billing information, email address and home and business postal addresses. You may also ask us to import your contacts by giving us access to your third party services (for example, your email account) or to use your social networking information if you give us access to your account on social network connection services. You may also provide us with your contacts’ email addresses when sharing folders or files with them. Files. We collect and store the files you upload, download, or access with the AproPLAN Service (“Files”). If you add a file to your AproPLAN that has been previously uploaded by you or another user, we may associate all or a portion of the previous file with your account rather than storing a duplicate. Log Data. When you use the Service, we automatically record information from your Device, its software, and your activity using the Services. This may include the Device’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, the web page visited before you came to our website, information you search for on our website, locale preferences, identification numbers associated with your Devices, your mobile carrier, date and time stamps associated with transactions, system configuration information, metadata concerning your Files, and other interactions with the Service. Cookies. We also use “cookies” to collect information and improve our Services. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your Device. We may use “persistent cookies” to save your registration ID and login password for future logins to the Service. We may use “session ID cookies” to enable certain features of the Service, to better understand how you interact with the Service and to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on the Service. You can instruct your browser, by changing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit. If you do not accept cookies, however, you may not be able to use all aspects of the Service.

##  3\. How We Use Personal Information

  
Personal Information: In the course of using the Service, we may collect personal information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information is or may be used: (i) to provide and improve our Service, (ii) to administer your use of the Service, (iii) to better understand your needs and interests, (iv) to personalize and improve your experience, and (v) to provide or offer software updates and product announcements. If you no longer wish to receive communications from us, please follow the “unsubscribe” instructions provided in any of those communications, or update your account settings information. Geo-Location Information: Some Devices allow applications to access real-time location-based information (for example, GPS). Our mobile apps do not collect such information as of the date this policy went into effect, but may do so in the future with your consent to improve our Services. Some photos you place in AproPLAN may contain recorded location information. We may use this information to optimize your experience. Also, some of the information we collect from a Device, for example IP address, can sometimes be used to approximate a Device’s location. Analytics: We also collect some information (ourselves or using third party services) using logging and cookies, which can sometimes be correlated with Personal Information. We use this information for the above purposes and to monitor and analyze use of the Service, for the Service’s technical administration, to increase our Service’s functionality and user-friendliness, and to verify users have the authorization needed for the Service to process their requests. As of the date this policy went into effect, we use Google Analytics. To learn more about the privacy policy of Google Analytics, click here, and to learn how to opt out of that service click here.

##  4\. Information Sharing and Disclosure

  
Your Use. We will display your Personal Information in your profile page and elsewhere on the Service according to the preferences you set in your account. Any information you choose to provide should reflect how much you want others to know about you. Please consider carefully what information you disclose in your profile page and your desired level of anonymity. You can review and revise your profile information at any time. We may also share or disclose your information with your consent, for example if you use a third party application to access your account (see below). Through certain features of the Service, you may also have the ability to make some of your information public. Public information may be broadly and quickly disseminated. Service Providers, Business Partners and Others. We may use certain trusted third party companies and individuals to help us provide, analyze, and improve the Service (including but not limited to data storage, maintenance services, database management, web analytics, payment processing, and improvement of the Service’s features). These third parties may have access to your information only for purposes of performing these tasks on our behalf and under obligations similar to those in this Privacy Policy. As of the date this policy went into effect, we use Amazon’s S3 storage service to store some of your information (for example, your Files). You can find more information on Amazon's data security from the S3 site. Third-Party Applications. We may share your information with a third party application with your consent, for example when you choose to access our Services through such an application. We are not responsible for what those parties do with your information, so you should make sure you trust the application and that it has a privacy policy acceptable to you. Business Transfers. If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your information may be transferred as part of that transaction, but we will notify you (for example, via email and/or a prominent notice on our website) of any change in control or use of your Personal Information or Files, or if either become subject to a different Privacy Policy. We will also notify you of choices you may have regarding the information. Non-private or Non-Personal Information. We may disclose your non-private, aggregated, or otherwise non-personal information, such as usage statistics of our Service.

##  5\. Right of access, right to request corrections or suppressions and right to object

In compliance with the Belgian Personal Data Protection Act, you are entitled to the following rights at any time and free of charge: right to access your personal data held by AproPlan, right to request corrections to such data, right to request that certain personal data be removed or suppressed, and right to object to the processing of your personal data. These rights can be exercised by writing to AproPlan, Rue d’Arlon 82, 1000 Brussels or by sending an email to info@aproplan.com

The right to object can also be exercised by clicking on the link appearing below every bulletin beside the words: "If you do not wish to receive future information letters, please click here. If you deregister, but do not receive confirmation of your deregistration, please send an email to info@aproplan.com, specifying the email address which is to be deregistered."

##  6\. AproPLAN Community

  
Our Service offers publicly accessible community services such as blogs, forums, and wikis. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them and warranty that you are the owner of authorized user of all IP rights on the data’s provided. Your posts may remain even after you cancel your account.

##  7\. Security

  
We have used our reasonable endeavours to implement appropriate safety measures to prevent the loss, abusive use and/or destruction of personal data on our website. The security of your information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as a credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt the transmission of that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally accepted standards to protect the information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact us at security@AproPLAN.com.

##  8\. Changes to our Privacy Policy

  
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time. If we make a change to this privacy policy that we believe materially reduces your rights, we will provide you with notice (for example, by email). And we may provide notice of changes in other circumstances as well. By continuing to use the Service after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised Privacy Policy.

##  9\. Protection of Privacy Commission

For more information on privacy and personal data protection, please contact the Protection of Privacy Commission, rue Haute 139, 1000 Brussels. AproPlan has notified the Commission of its personal data protection policy.

##  10\. Dispute, jurisdiction and applicable Law

  
These general terms and conditions of use shall be governed and construed in accordance with Belgian Law. Any dispute arising from, or related to, the use of this website and/or these general terms and conditions of use will be subject to conciliation between the parties. In the event that conciliation fails between the parties, the dispute will be referred to the Tribunals of Brussels (Belgium) or at AproPlan’s sole discretion, to another competent Tribunal. In the event of any judicial or administrative proceedings, the printed version of these general terms and conditions of use and of any other notice provided by AproPlan on this website or in electronic format, shall enjoy the same standing as commercial documents or registers created and stored in hard copy.
