> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the 20x200.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-02-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170207035055id_/http%3A//www.20x200.com/pages/20x200-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 20x200 Privacy Policy - 20x200

We at 20x200 know that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following to learn more about our Privacy Policy. By visiting or using the 20x200.com website, and any other linked pages, features, content, or any other services we offer from time to time by in connection therewith (collectively, the "Website"), you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this Privacy Policy, and you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information in the following ways.  
  
**I. What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?**  
  
This Privacy Policy covers our treatment of personally identifiable information ("Personal Information") that we gather when you are accessing or using our Website. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that we do not own or control, or to individuals that we do not employ or manage. This policy also does not apply to information you choose to disclose publicly on the Website (i.e., information which is viewable to other Website users), which will not be considered Personal Information.

**II. What Personal Information Do We Collect?**

The information we gather from customers enables us to personalize and improve our services and to allow our users to set up a user account and profile that can be used to interact with other users through the Website. We collect the following types of information from our customers:

**A. Personal Information You Provide Us:**  
We receive any information you provide to us and may store some of it. The types of Personal Information collected may include your name, shipping address(es), credit-card information, email address, IP address and browser information. We do not store credit-card information. You can choose not to provide us with certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of many of our special features. We use the Personal Information you provide to enhance your Website experience.

**B. Information Collected Automatically:**  
Whenever you interact with our Website, we automatically receive and records information on our server logs from your browser including your IP address, “cookie” information, and the page you requested.

We may place, or allow our technology and advertising partners to place, on your computer “cookies” and “web beacons” (also known as Internet tags, pixel tags, single-pixel GIFs, clear GIFs, invisible GIFs, 1-by-1 GIFs, and web bugs), which are identifiers transferred to your computer through your browser that allow us to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site are visited, advertisements viewed, by how many people and to engage in other reporting. These identifiers do not contain Personal Information about you. You may be able to change the preferences on your browser to prevent or limit your computer’s acceptance of cookies, web beacons and similar technologies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of our Website’s features.

  


When we collect usage information (such as the numbers and frequency of visitors to our site), we only use this data in aggregate form, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. For example, this aggregate data tells us how often customers use parts of the Website, so that we can make the Website appealing to as many customers as possible. We may also provide this aggregate information to our partners, so that they can understand how often people use their services and our Website, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal online experience. We never disclose aggregate information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally.

**C. Email:  **  
We may receive a confirmation when you open an email from us. This confirmation helps us make emails more interesting and improve our service. If you do not want to receive email or other mail from us, simply click on “Unsubscribe me from this list” at the bottom of any newsletter.

**III. Will We Share Any of the Personal Information We Receive?**

We neither rent nor sell your Personal Information to anyone. We share your Personal Information in personally identifiable form only as described below.  
  
**A. Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control:**  In certain situations, businesses we’re affiliated with may sell items or provide services to you through the Website (either alone or jointly with us). You can recognize when an affiliated business is associated with such a transaction, and we will share your Personal Information with that affiliated business only to the extent that it is related to such transaction.

**B. Agents:  **We employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. Unless we tell you differently, our agents do not have any right to use the Personal Information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.

**C. Communication About the Website:**  As part of the Website and Services, you may receive communications from us, whether by email or other means. We and our agents may send you email, contact you, or engage you in other communication that we or they determine relate to your use of the Website.

**D. Promotional Offers:  **We may send offers to certain users on behalf of other businesses. However, when we do so, we do not give the other business your name and address. If you do not wish to receive these offers, please send us an email at support@20x200.com.

**E. Business Transfers:  **We may choose to buy or sell assets. In these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. Also, if we (or substantially all of our assets) are acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, Personal Information would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by a third party.

**F. Protection of 20x200 and Others:  **We may release Personal Information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with that law; enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of 20x200, our employees, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

**G. With Your Consent:  **Except as set forth above, you will be notified when your Personal Information may be shared with third parties, and will be able to prevent the sharing of this information.  
  
**IV. Is Personal Information About You Secure?**

We endeavor to protect the privacy of your Personal Information that we hold in our records, but we cannot guarantee complete security. Unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors, may compromise the security of user information at any time. The Website may contain links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites. When linking to another site you should read that site’s privacy policy.  
  
**V. What Choices Do You Have?**

You can always opt not to disclose information to use, but keep in mind some information may be needed to take advantage of some of our special features.

  


If you do not wish to receive email or other mail from us, simply click on “Unsubscribe me from this list” at the bottom of any newsletter. Please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this Privacy Policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the Website, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes.  
  
**VI. Changes To This Privacy Policy**

We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Use of information we collect now is subject to the Privacy Policy in effect at the time such information is used. If we make changes in the way we use Personal Information, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our Website or sending you an email. You are bound by any changes to the Privacy Policy when you use the Website after such changes have been first posted.  
  
**VII. Questions And Concerns**

If you have any questions or concerns regarding our privacy policies, please send us a detailed message to support@20x200.com. We will make every effort to resolve your concerns.

_Effective Date: July 8, 2014_
