> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the algozone.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-03-10. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130310205005id_/http%3A//www.algozone.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# AlgoZone privacy policy

**ALGOZONE, INC PRIVACY STATEMENT**  
Algozone, Inc recognizes the importance of protecting the privacy of all information provided by users of our web sites(hereinafter, the "Site"), recipients of our e-mail newsletters and all of our customers. Through this Internet Privacy Statement, we want to reassure users of the Site that we will not sell, share, or rent user information to others in a manner different than as set forth in this Internet Privacy Statement.   
**INFORMATION COLLECTION**  
Algozone collects information from the users of the Site at several different points on the Site. For example, we collect and/or request information when a user: 

  1. Places an Order 
  2. Registers on the [www.Algozone.com](http://www.algozone.com/) Site 
  3. Requests notification of an order status 
  4. Submits an E-mail 



In order to fulfill the requests of Site users in the above instances, the user may be requested to provide contact and/or credit card information. If we have trouble processing an order, a request, or completing a delivery, this contact information will be used by Algozone to contact the user. our services.   
**AUTOMATIC DATA COLLECTION**  
Our web sites have features that automatically collect information from users, to deliver content specific to users' interests and to honor their preferences. This information assists us in creating sites that will serve the needs of our users. We use "cookies," a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies benefit the user by requiring login only once, thereby saving time while on our site. In addition, enables us to track and personalize the Site to enhance our users experience. If users reject the cookies, they may still use our Site although we will be unable to provide our users with the personalized shopping experience we can offer using the cookie data. Some of our business affiliates use cookies on our sites in ads or promotions. However, we have no access to or control over these business affiliates' cookies; we urge users to read their privacy policies for information. For our internal purposes, we gather date, time, browser type, navigation history and IP address of all visitors to our site. This information does not contain anything that can identify users personally. We use this information for our internal security audit log, trend analysis and system administration, and to gather broad demographic information about our user base for aggregate use. We may combine demographic information supplied by a subscriber at registration with site usage data to provide general profiles, in aggregate non-personally identifiable form, about our users and their preferences in the content of the site and advertising. We may share this composite information with our advertisers and business affiliates to help them better understand our services.   
**GATHERING AND SHARING INFORMATION**  
We monitor traffic patterns on the Site and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use to analyze trends and administer the Site in order to improve its layout and design and to permit Site personalization and streamlining to create the best shopping experience we can for our users. In order to perform analysis permitting such personalization and improvement of site design and user experience, we may employ suitable third parties with whom we share the information necessary to accomplish these objectives. These statistics include no personally identifying information. 

Where appropriate, we share aggregated statistical information with our business partners. These statistics include no personally identifying information. 

We use a credit card processing company to bill purchasers of goods and services from the Site, and depending upon the goods and services being ordered and where they are being shipped, we may also use outside suppliers and/or delivery companies to assist us in fulfilling and delivering orders. We share with them the information necessary to enable such card processing,fulfillment, and delivery of goods (i.e. ? name, address, and as appropriate, payment information). 

Additionally, we partner with trusted third parties to provide Site users with AlgoZone approved unique offers or services which may be of value to our users. In such instances, we will share a user's name and address with a trusted third party to enable them to notify the user of the unique offer or service. We will never provide credit card information and you will always be provided with the opportunity to unsubscribe from any such list. 

We may provide personal identifying and account information in special cases such as enforcement of our Terms of Site Use, or as required by law or legal process to protect and defend the rights and safety of our Site and its users. This includes exchanging information with other companies for purposes of fraud and credit risk reduction. 

Our Site also contains links to external Internet sites as well as co-branded sites, which may be operated by an external party and they may have privacy practices that differ from those here at [www.AlgoZone.com](http://www.algozone.com/). A co-branded site is a Website, usually operated by a third-party, and displaying that third-party's name along with the AlgoZone name and logo. Such co-branded sites offer AlgoZone approved goods or services to our users. When you click on links that take you to such external or co-branded sites, you will be subject to their privacy policies, and we encourage you to become familiar with that party's privacy policies as these may differ from those utilized on our Site. Please note that this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by AlgoZone on our Site and, while we strongly support the protection of privacy on the Internet, we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of other Websites, uses of the information collected by other Websites, or the content of those other Websites. We may share aggregate information, which is not personally identifiable, with others. This information may include usage and demographic data, but it will not include personal information.   
**CONSENT**  
By using our Sites, the user agrees to the terms and conditions set forth in this Internet Privacy Statement and the Site Terms of Use INCLUDING ALL LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES PROVISIONS which are an integral part hereof and the user consents to the collection and use of this information by AlgoZone as disclosed in this Internet Privacy Statement. We may revise this Internet Privacy Statement or the Site Terms of Use at any time by updating these postings. By using this Site you agree to be bound by any such revisions in effect at the time of use and should therefore periodically visit this page and the Site Terms of Use page to determine the then current policies applicable to users of the Site.   
**CHILDREN'S ON-LINE PRIVACY**  
Algozone recognizes the particular importance of protecting the privacy of children. Consistent with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), we will not knowingly collect any personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. When a user makes a purchase on [http://www.AlgoZone.com](http://www.algozone.com/) or one of our associated websites, the user is representing to us that they are an adult. If Algozone becomes aware that any child has accessed AlgoZone▓s non-publicly available web sites, the account thru which the child has gained access will be terminated. If you believe that Algozone has collected any information from or about anyone under 13, please let us know and we will delete the information pertaining to the child from our records.   
**SECURITY**  
We use reasonable precautions to protect our users' personal information and to store it securely. Sensitive information that is transmitted to us online (such as credit card number) is encrypted and is transmitted to us securely. In addition, access to all of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, a billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Finally, the servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.   
**LINKS**  
Our web sites contain links to other sites. Algozone is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each web site to which we may link that may collect personally identifiable information.   
**SPECIAL OFFERS, ACCOUNT UPDATES AND OPTING OUT**  
In order to best serve our customers, we may send updates that contain important information about our sites and services. For example, we send new members a welcoming message, and verify password and username for our password-protected sites. We may also communicate with a user to provide requested services and for account-related issues via e-mail, phone or regular mail. We offer our users the option to receive information about our company, related products, services and special deals. The users of the Site are always given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having their online information used for purposes not directly related to the Site at the point at which we ask for the information or when they receive an online requested promotional communication. Users of the Site can always update the personally identifying information that they have provided to Algozone simply by accessing and updating their account information on the site or by emailing us at [support@algozone.com](mailto:support@algozone.com).   
**NOTIFICATION and CHANGES**  
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under which circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Users should check this policy frequently to keep abreast of any changes. For questions about this privacy statement and the practices of this site, contact us at:

AlgoZone, Inc.  
127 Main Street, 2nd Floor  
Hackensack, NJ 07601  
201 696-3018 Tel. 201 546-8878 Fax
