> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the dmv.org privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130522081800id_/http%3A//www.dmv.org/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Company Privacy Policy at DMV.org: The DMV Made Simple

**THIS SITE IS NOT OWNED OR OPERATED BY, NOR AFFILIATED WITH, ANY FEDERAL, STATE, COUNTY OR CITY GOVERNMENT OR ANY DEPARTMENT, BUREAU, DIVISION OR AGENCY OF ANY OF THE FOREGOING (COLLECTIVELY, THE "GOVERNMENT").**

  


DMV.org (the "Site") created this Policy website (this "Policy") to demonstrate our commitment to respecting the privacy of visitors to our Site and to providing an appropriate level of protection and management of their personally identifiable information in our possession. This Site is a privately owned, for-profit website owned by Online Guru, Inc. and is not owned, operated or affiliated with the Government. This Site was created to provide access to information and resources for needs related to the state government motor vehicle departments.

This Policy will inform you of the categories of personally identifiable information we collect and categories of third parties with whom the information may be shared. The phrases "personally identifiable information" and "personal information" mean any information that permits you to be contacted physically or online, such as your first and last name, physical address, email address, telephone number or other identifying information maintained in combination with any of the foregoing. This Policy is applicable only to this Site and not to any other websites that you may be able to access from this Site, each of which may collect data and use that data in a manner that materially differs from this Policy. This Site and this Policy are subject to the [Terms of Use](http://www.dmv.org/visitor-agreement.php "Visitor Agreement"), which govern your use of this Site.

## Collecting Information about You and Use of Cookies

You may visit our Site without revealing any of your personal information, but as a condition to using certain aspects of the Site you are required to register with DMV.org and represent and warrant that you provide DMV.org with accurate and complete registration information. Failure to do so may result in immediate termination of your account.

### Information You Provide To Us

When you sign up for an account on DMV.org you provide us with your name, email, gender, birthday, and zip code. You may be asked to provide a password. You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. You agree not to use the account, email address, or password of another member at any time or to disclose your password to any third party. We keep track of some of the actions on the site such as completing steps in a checklist or taking a practice test. We display the name in your account in connection with some of the actions you take on DMV. If you wish to contact us through email, you will be requested to provide personal information, including your full name and email address.

Also when you visit the Site, we may collect the following types of anonymous information the internet domain address, IP address, domain server, type of computer and type of web browser used to visit our Site. That type of information (often referred to as traffic data) will remain anonymous and is not considered personal information unless you voluntarily tell us personally identifiable information and it is combined with the traffic data. Traffic data helps us analyze how the Site is used, demographic data and improving your experience on the Site. We may share anonymous traffic data and results of analysis of traffic data that does not include any personal information with advertisers, retailers and other third party service providers. To the extent that you share any personal information with us, we limit access to such information to authorized individuals within our company and to affiliated and unaffiliated third parties who work with us on marketing, product development, service enhancement and other similar matters.

### Advertiser Inquiries

If you are interested in advertising on this Site you will also be requested to provide personal information, including but not limited to your full name, email address, telephone number, company name and company title. Any such personal information will not be stored on or be accessible via this Site and will not be shared with third parties.

### Cookies

Like many websites, we use computer "cookies," which are small amounts of data that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser. We collect the information in the cookie when you visit the Site. The cookies enable our systems to recognize you, provide features to you, track your visits and/or analyze your use of the Site. You may be able to set your browser to reject cookies or to ask you whether to accept a particular cookie. There are also third party utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously. If as a result of your settings we cannot recognize you, we will not be able to provide you with a personalized experience at our Site.

We use third party advertising companies and networks to serve ads when you visit our Site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this Site and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. We also may place " beacons" on pages of the Site, which in conjunction with cookies utilized by third party advertising companies and networks, are used to target advertisements. These beacons, sometimes called "pixel tags," are small strings of code that are placed on website pages. The use of cookies by third party advertising companies and networks is subject to their own privacy policies. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies and networks, please visit [Google Adsense](https://www.google.com/accounts/ServiceLogin?service=adsense&rm=hide&fpui=3&nui=15&alwf=true%3Cmpl=adsense&passive=true&continue=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2Fadsense%2Fgaiaauth2%3Fsubid%3Dna-en-ha-bk%26sourceid%3Daso%26utm_medium%3Dha%26utm_term%3Dgoogle%2Badsense&followup=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.google.com%2Fadsense%2Fgaiaauth2%3Fsubid%3Dna-en-ha-bk%26sourceid%3Daso%26utm_medium%3Dha%26utm_term%3Dgoogle%2Badsense&hl=en_US) and [NAI Behavioral Opt-out](http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp).

  


## Links to Other Sites

This Site contains links to other websites. If you use these links, you will leave this Site. These third party websites may include, but are not limited to, advertisers, retailers and service providers. In addition, these third party websites may display trademarks, trade names and other forms of intellectual property that we may own. However, although certain third party websites may appear to be part of this Site, this Site does not necessarily own or operate any of these third party websites and are not responsible for the privacy policies, practices or contents of such websites. Examples of such third party website links include, but are not limited to, websites that offer driving courses, drivers education, driving records, criminal records and background checks, motor vehicle records or other personal or public records, and products and services of third party advertisers, such as auto insurance. These third party websites may collect personally identifiable information that may include your name, email, credit card number and expiration date, CVV number, mailing address, telephone number, social security number, birth date, driver's license number and other financial information. Please refer to the privacy policies of such third party websites for information on what kinds of personally identifiable information such websites collect and their respective privacy practices, terms, and conditions. We do not warrant or make any representations about any such websites, or any information, software or other products or materials found therein or any results that may be obtained from using such websites. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to this Site, your access, use of or interaction with such other websites is entirely at you own risk.

## Children

This Site does not direct any of its content at children under 13 years of age. If you are under 13, please do not attempt to register as a member or send any information about yourself to us. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information and terminate the child's account. If you become aware that a child has provided us with personal information without parental consent, please contact us here. This Site understands and is committed to respecting the privacy of children online.

## Updates and Changes to Privacy Policy; Effective Date.

We reserve the right, at any time and without notice, to add to, change, update or modify this Policy, simply by posting such change, update or modification on the Site. Any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the Site. Information we gather is subject to the Policy in effect at the time of use. It is your responsibility to review this Policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms. If you have any other questions about the Site or this Policy, [please send us an email](http://www.dmv.org/pages/suggestions_popup.php?pageUrl=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.dmv.org%2Fprivacy.php&pageTitle=Privacy+Policy&navId=10&stateId=0&locationId=&suggestionTypeId=4) and we will try to respond in a reasonable timeframe. The effective date of this Policy is May 2009.

  

