> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the ghadiwala.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-01-20. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160120080928id_/http%3A//ghadiwala.com/content/show/5677d886b76035c580548f43) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

GhadiWala.com (RateTag e-Commerce Pvt. Ltd.)  has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the  _privacy of visitors to our website_. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website (www.ghadiwala.com).

### Collection & Use of Personal Information

Many of the forms on our site require visitors to give us contact information (like their name and email address), unique identifiers (like the bank account number etc.), and demographic information (like their pin code, age, or income level). We use information from registration forms to service each visitor according to level of his/her use of the web site. This information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary.

Demographic and profile data is also collected through some of our web forms. We use this data to tailor the visitor's experience at our site, showing them content in which we think they might be interested, and displaying the content according to their preferences.  Some portion of the data is used to generate business leads for the web site or traders listed on this web site.  Such cases are approved by the user in real-time when an opportunity arises.

### IP Logging

When a visitor sends us email via our forms, such as our Feedback Form, we collect that person's  _IP address_  (the unique identifier of a computer on the Internet) and use it to help us diagnose problems with our server. In fact, a majority of our webforms collect and pass along the sender's IP address to the recipient of the email generated by the form.

### Cookies

In some areas of our website, we use cookies to save a visitor's location and browsing preferences so it doesn't have to be re-entered each time that person visits our site. Our portal, uses temporary cookies to maintain login sessions; these cookies do not contain personal information and are deleted from the users's computer upon leaving the system. Finally, some areas of the GhadiWala.com website may employ temporary cookies to provide Web development staff with valuable information on how visitors are able to navigate through the site content. These cookies are labeled as being from ratetag.com, and enable us to adjust pathways and content as needed.

### Confidentiality

All of the data collected via our web forms is confidential and internal to employees of the Company.  _At no time will GhadiWala.com sell or otherwise distribute to parties external to GhadiWala.com the contact information or demographic data collected via its website without user’s express approval (such as in form of a “I Agree” checkbox on the web form or such methods)._

### Reporting Violations of this Privacy Statement

This site contains links to other sites, including the online stores of our business partners. GhadiWala.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. Visitors who observe sites on the GhadiWala.com server which violate copyright laws and/or the GhadiWala.com Acceptable Use Policy should immediately report such activity to [support@ghadiwala.com](mailto:support@ghadiwala.com?subject=Privacy%20Policy)

### Public Forums

This site makes use of discussion forums, reviews etc., the contents of which are accessible to users of the Internet.  _Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information_ and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.

### Security

This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Certain portions of the GhadiWala.com website are restricted by domain to members of the GhadiWala.com community only. Still other pages may require users to enter their username and password. These pages are intended for internal use only, and generally require the username and password offered to all staff and employees of the company.

### Choice/Opt-Out

Our site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor.

This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.

  1. You can send email to support@ghadiwala.com
  2. You can call us at 011-45680485, 45680486 and submit a request



### Contacting the Website

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact:

Webmaster  
RateTag e-Commerce Pvt. Ltd.  
New Delhi, India  
Email: support@ghadiwala.com
