> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the txt180.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140621085257id_/http%3A//www.txt180.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# TXT180 Privacy Policy - Text Message Marketing

#### We can be reached via e-mail at support@TXT180.com

At TXT180 we adhere to a strict privacy policy for our site visitors. Our Web server automatically records only the consumer's IP address and cannot see or record the email addresses of our visitors. 

Of course, we do see the e-mail addresses of those who contact us via e-mail, and do record information volunteered by the consumer, such as account information. Any information you voluntarily provide may be used only to customize the content and/or service we provide to each individual visitor or is used to notify consumers about any updates to our Web site. 

If you supply us with your postal address on-line, we will only use it for the purposes for which it was provided to us. Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us regarding orders specific to this site. Nevertheless, if you wish your information removed from our files, please provide us with your name and phone number, and we will be sure your information is removed. 

From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our Web site, and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically. Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by sending us email at the address provided above. 

If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact state or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau. 
