> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the catchmyparty.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-07-09. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190709053334id_/https%3A//www.catchmyparty.com/page/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Catch My Party

Catch My Party makes this Privacy Policy available so users can understand our policies and procedures with regard to collecting, using, and disclosing of personally identifiable information received at catchmyparty.com. We will update this Privacy Policy from time to time so please consult it regularly for any changes.

By using catchmyparty.com you are consenting to how we process information. “Processing” refers to using cookies on a computer or using or information in any way including collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining, and disclosing. All of these activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the United States, your information will be transferred and stored in the US under US privacy standards and you are consenting to this by using our site.

If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please [email us](mailto:help@catchmyparty.com?subject=Help%20with%20the%20site).

We collect personally identifiable information primarily to serve users with the products we have available at Catch My Party, also to communicate with you and to manage your registered user account.

In order to have full access to the site, we require that you become a registered user. By becoming a registered user we require that you submit a user name, password, and your email address. We also collect your IP address, and depending on what you provide we may also collect your full name, city, state, country, age, gender, photo, and any other information you put in your personal profile or on your party page.

Your photo and user name will be displayed to people who are using the Catch My Party website. Other information that you put in your profile section or in your party section will also be displayed for people using the site but providing additional information beyond what is required at registration is optional. If you contact us by email through the site we may keep a record of your email and contact information and may use the information to reply to you.

In addition we may use your contact information to market to you and provide you information about Catch My Party. If you decide at any time you do not want to receive email from us please unclick on the option on the account settings page.

When you visit our site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website. This date may include information such as your IP address, browser type, or the domain from which you are visiting, the web pages you visit, the search terms you use, and any ads on which you click. We do not associate your IP address with any other personally identifiable information to identify you personally, except in case of violation of the Terms of Service.

We also use “cookies” to collect additional website usage data and to improve our site and server. A cookie is a small data file that we put onto your hard disk. We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information. We use session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you use the site and to improve our services. Session cookies are removed after each visit to the site. Persistent cookies remain on your hard drive and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions and you can set your browser to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from a website you visit.

We use certain third parties to perform functions and provide services to us like hosting and maintenance, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns. We will share your personally identifiable information with these third parties but only to the extent necessary to perform the services we need and we require our third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your data.

Catch My Party cooperates with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government officials or private parties as we believe necessary to respond to claims, legal process, to protect the property and rights of Catch My Party or a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, or legally actionable activity or to comply with the law.

Catch My Party may sell, transfer, or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your personally identifiable information in connection with a sale, merger, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy.

We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our Web site. These companies may use aggregated information (not including your name, address, email address or telephone number) about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, [click here.](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/)

If you are a registered user of the site, you may access or update your information from the account setting page, or by [emailing your request](mailto:help@catchmyparty.com?subject=Help%20with%20the%20site).

Catch My Party is concerned about protecting your personal information. We employ physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access.

We will disclose to you any breach of security, confidentiality or integrity of your encrypted personal data to you via email or posting it on the site as soon as possible.

Catch My Party contains links to other websites. We do not endorse websites we link to nor does this mean we are affiliated with them. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their cookies or other files on your computer, collect data, or solicit personally identifiable information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of your personally identifiable information. We encourage you to read the privacy policy to familiarize yourself with their practices.

Catch My Party is not directed at people under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent, he or she should [email support](mailto:help@catchmyparty.com?subject=Help%20with%20the%20site). We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete the information from our files.

_Notice Regarding Online Behavioral Advertising_ We allow third party companies to serve ads and/or collect certain anonymous information when you visit our Web site. These companies may use non-personally identifiable information (e.g. click stream information, browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this information. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice visit the NAI at [http://www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/). To opt-out of this type of advertising, you can visit <http://www.aboutads.info/choices>.

**Advertising Privacy Statement**

This Site is affiliated with AdThrive, LLC (“AdThrive”) for the purposes of placing advertising on the Site. AdThrive uses standard and widely-available tools for the placement and serving of ads, including those provided by Google, Inc. and its affiliates. We publish interest-based advertisements on the Site; that is, ads that are tailored to reflect your interests. To help understand your interests, AdThrive, Google and our other advertising partners will track your behaviour on our website and on other websites across the Internet using cookies.

A cookie is a file containing an identifier (a string of letters and numbers) that is sent by a web server to a web browser and is stored by the browser. The identifier is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. Cookies may be either "persistent" cookies or "session" cookies: a persistent cookie will be stored by a web browser and will remain valid until its set expiry date, unless deleted by the user before the expiry date; a session cookie, on the other hand, will expire at the end of the user session, when the web browser is closed. Cookies do not typically contain any information that personally identifies a user, but personal information that we store about you may be linked to the information stored in and obtained from cookies.

By using this Site, you consent to the use of such cookies and the sharing of data captured by such cookies with AdThrive, Google, and our other third party partners. You can view, delete or add interest categories associated with your browser by visiting: https://adssettings.google.com. You can also opt out of the network cookie using those settings or using the Network Advertising Initiative's multi-cookie opt-out mechanism at: http://optout.networkadvertising.org. However, these opt-out mechanisms themselves use cookies, and if you clear the cookies from your browser your opt-out will not be maintained.

For European Economic Area Residents

If you reside in a country in the European Economic Area (EEA), then under the GDPR and applicable data protection laws you have the rights, among other things, to access your personal data, have us erase it, and/or restrict its further processing. If you wish to access or delete your personal data (if any) maintained by us or AdThrive related to advertising on the Site, you can contact us at **insert contact email address here** and contact AdThrive at info@adthrive.com. If you wish to see a list of the advertising partners we work with or change which of those partners track your behavior using cookies, click the ad preferences link at the bottom of the site. (Available in the EU.)
