> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the catholichealth.net privacy policy that was archived on 2018-04-12. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180412064225id_/http%3A//www.catholichealthinitiatives.org/website-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Website Privacy Policy

**Catholic Health Initiatives** **Privacy Policy**

**Last updated:   06/29/17.**

**PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY (Privacy Policy) CAREFULLY. By accessing and using this website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.** This Privacy Policy describes and governs the manner in which Catholic Health Initiatives ( **CHI** ) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a **User** ) of its websites and mobile applications, including [www.catholichealthinitiatives.org](http://www.catholichealthinitiatives.org/), [home.catholichealth.net](http://home.catholichealth.net/), and other websites linking to this Privacy Policy (individually a **Site** , and collectively, the **Sites** ).  This Privacy Policy is between you (sometimes referred to as **you** or **your** ) and CHI, and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively referred to as **CHI** , **us** , **our** , or **we** ).  Remember that your use of the Sites is at all times subject to the CHI [Terms and Conditions](https://web.archive.org/web/20180412064225id_/http%3A//www.catholichealthinitiatives.org/terms-and-conditions) which incorporate this Privacy Policy.  **Print or download a copy of this Privacy Policy for your records.**

We may revise and update this Privacy Policy from time to time without prior notice to you and will post the updated Privacy Policy to the Sites. ANY CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY WILL APPLY IMMEDIATELY UPON POSTING TO THE SITES.  BY USING OR OTHERWISE ACCESSING THE SITES, POSTING OR DOWNLOADING CONTENT OR ANY OTHER INFORMATION TO OR FROM THE SITES, YOU HEREBY AGREE TO, AND SHALL BE SUBJECT TO, THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND ANY CHANGES TO IT.  YOU AGREE TO PERIODICALLY REVIEW THIS PRIVACY POLICY FOR SUCH CHANGES. 

Our Sites do not provide medical advice.  **GO TO THE EMERGENCY ROOM OF A LOCAL HOSPITAL OR DIAL 911 IMMEDIATELY IN THE EVENT OF AN EMERGENCY.**

**YOUR INFORMATION**

**Personal Information You Give Us**

Before permitting you to use the Sites, we may require you to create an account or give us personal information, including, but not limited to, your name, address, phone, email, mobile device names or images, location details, the type of mobile device you are using, birth, height, weight, information about your medicines and physical symptoms, and other similar information ( **Your Information** ).

Your Information may sometimes be Protected Health Information ( **PHI** ) under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ( **HIPAA** ), as amended.  Protection of your PHI is described in the HIPAA notice of privacy practices and other privacy practices applicable to the various websites posted by CHI organizations ( **PHI Privacy Practices** ) – see the list of privacy practices located at [Notice of Privacy Practices](https://web.archive.org/web/20180412064225id_/http%3A//www.catholichealthinitiatives.org/blank.cfm?id=39760) to ensure you understand how your PHI is protected.  PHI means personally identifiable health information about your past, present, or future physical or mental health or condition, the provision of health care to you, or the past, present, or future payment for such health care.  In the event of a conflict between this Privacy Policy and the applicable PHI Privacy Practices, the applicable PHI Privacy Practices shall govern with respect to your PHI.

**Information We Collect Automatically and from Other Sources**

Whenever you interact with our Sites (whether via a browser, an application, or otherwise), we automatically receive and record information from your browser.  Other information collected automatically may include your IP address, the type of browser or application you are using to access our Sites, and the identity of the Sites page or feature you are requesting. We may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer our Sites, and gather broad demographic data for aggregate use. We may also collect information regarding the mobile devices you use to access or use our Sites.

To collect this information, we may use “cookies” or other tracking technologies to track how you use our Sites. We also may send instructions to your computer or device using JavaScript® or other computer languages to gather the sorts of information described above and other details about your interactions with the Sites.  A cookie is a piece of software stored on your computer or device to uniquely identify your browser or to store information or settings on your computer or device.  If applicable, our advertising partners may also transmit cookies to your browser, application, or mobile device, when you click on ads that appear on the Sites. Also, if you click on a link to a third-party website or service, that third party may also transmit cookies to you. 

We may also use “web beacons”, also known as “single–pixel” or “clear” GIFs.  Web beacons allow ad networks to provide anonymized, aggregated auditing, research, and reporting for us and for advertisers. Web beacons also enable ad networks to serve targeted advertisements to you when you visit other websites. Because your web browser must request these advertisements and web beacons from the ad network’s servers, these companies can view, edit, or set their own cookies, just as if you had requested a web page from their Sites. 

**You may adjust your web browser software if you do not wish to receive cookies or web beacons,** **but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our Sites’ features.**   Please refer to your browser or email software instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.  This Privacy Policy does not cover the use of cookies or web beacons by any third parties, so be sure to review the privacy policy of any third-party websites you visit.   You may also request to opt out of advertisers’ use of cookies by visiting the [Network Advertising Initiative](http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices), or the [Digital Advertising Alliance](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/) _._ You may request to opt-out of Google’s® use of cookies by visiting: [www.google.com/ads/preferences](http://www.google.com/ads/preferences). 

**Information from Your Mobile Device**

We may also use technologies, such as location-based information, to provide you with tailored information and features as you use our Sites.  When you access the Sites on your mobile device we may obtain information from your mobile device about the type of mobile device you are using. We may use this information to notify you of features and products that may be available on your mobile device. Certain features may require our collection of the phone number of your mobile device. We may link that phone number to the mobile device identification information, but will not use that number for telemarketing. In addition, some mobile network providers ( **Mobile Provider** ) in the U.S. are required to use technology that tracks the physical location of mobile device that use their service. Depending on your Mobile Provider and mobile device, we may automatically receive this information. If we begin to offer services that use this tracking (“pinpointing”) information, we will obtain your consent (an opt-in) before using the information. After obtaining such consent, we may use and store this information to provide location-based services, including location-targeted advertising.  Most mobile device provide users with the ability to disable location services. These controls are usually located in the mobile device 's settings menu. If you have questions about how to disable your mobile device’s location services, we recommend you contact your Mobile Provider or your mobile device manufacturer.

**HOW WE USE AND DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATION**

**Non-Personal Information**

We may use and share non-personal information – that is, de-identified information that cannot be used to identify you - for any lawful business purpose without any obligation or accounting to you.  For example, we can use non-personal information for developing products, services, and providing those offerings to other users and third parties. We may use your personal information to generate non-personal information. When we do so, we will take reasonable measures to ensure that the non-personal information is no longer personally identifiable and cannot later be used to identify you.  We may also disclose non-personal, aggregate, anonymous data in a de-identified format based on information collected from users to investors, and other third parties. 

**Personal Information**

We may use and disclose your information collected through our Sites (1) to perform the services described on the Sites, (2) to your health care provider, (3) as permitted by law, and (4) to contact you regarding our services. We may combine and enhance your information with information we receive from third parties, as long as we use the combined information as described in this Privacy Policy. We may also use all information collected through our Sites for research regarding the effectiveness of our Sites and our business planning, marketing, advertising, and sales efforts.   

We may employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and may need to share your information with them to provide services to you, for example those who assist us with technical or customer support, and email and data analytics.  Unless we tell you differently, they do not have any right to use your information beyond what is necessary to assist us. 

We may buy, merge, or partner with other companies or businesses and in so doing, acquire or transfer information. Information collected through the websites may be among the transferred business assets. In the event that a portion or substantially all of our assets are sold or transferred to a third party, your information would likely be a transferred business asset, and you hereby agree to such a transfer.

We may also disclose your information at the request of law enforcement or government agencies or in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, to establish, protect or exercise our legal or other rights or to defend against a legal claim or as otherwise required or allowed by law.  We may disclose your information in order to protect the rights, property, or safety of a user or any other person.  We may disclose your information to investigate or prevent a violation by you of any contractual or other relationship with us, or your illegal or harmful activity. 

**PROTECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION**

It is your responsibility to protect account login information, such as your username and password, from unauthorized access. You must not share your login information with any third party.  Write down your mobile app ID and password and keep it in a safe place.  If you share your login information with anyone, that person will be able to access your personal information and send messages as if that person were you. **We recommend you log out after accessing your account, change your password on a periodic basis, and limit access to your computer or mobile device and their browsers.** While we use commercially reasonable security measures to prevent unauthorized persons from accessing our files or tampering with the Sites, we cannot guarantee that these efforts will always be successful. **We do not represent, warrant, or guarantee that our safeguards will protect the total privacy of your information disclosed on the Sites. Your Information may be accessed and viewed by other Internet users, without your knowledge and permission, while in transit to or from us. Do not use the Sites from computers in public libraries or Internet cafes because your personal information may not be protected.**   **We cannot and do not ensure, represent, warrant, or guarantee the security of any information you transmit through the Sites.**

**Retention of YOUR Information; Modification**

**Correcting, Updating, Accessing, or Removing Personal Information**

If your information changes, or **if you no longer want to receive information from CHI beyond information related to our services, you can correct, update, or remove your previously-provided personal information.   This can be done by emailing a request to us at** [social@catholichealth.net](mailto:social@catholichealth.net).  You may also request access to personal information collected by us by sending a request to us at [social@catholichealth.net](mailto:social@catholichealth.net).  In certain circumstances, we may not be able to completely remove your information from our systems.  For example, we may retain your personal information for legitimate business purposes, our customer requirements, or your health care provider’s requirements, or if it may be necessary to prevent fraud or future abuse, for account recovery purposes, if required by law, or as retained in our data backup systems or cached or archived pages.  All of the personal information of yours that we keep will continue to be subject to the terms of the Privacy Policy to which you have previously agreed.

**Your California Privacy Rights**

California law permits users that are residents of California to request the following information regarding our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes:  (i) a list of certain categories of personal information that we have disclosed to certain third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, (ii) the identity of certain third parties that received personal information from us for their direct marketing purposes during that calendar year, and (iii) examples of the products or services marketed (if we have that information).  If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please email us at [social@catholichealth.net](mailto:social@catholichealth.net).

**Third-Party Privacy Policies**

The Sites may include or provide links to other websites o- mobile apps on the Internet that we do not control. Even if an affiliation exists between CHI and a third party website or mobile app – and even if they are linked to or from one of our Sites - each of these linked Sites maintains its own independent privacy and data collection policies and procedures. While we expect our affiliates and vendors to respect the privacy of our users, we cannot be responsible for the actions of third parties. **IF YOU VISIT A WEBSITE OR MOBILE APP VIA A LINK ON THE SITES, WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO CONSULT THAT WEBSITE'S OR MOBILE APP’S PRIVACY POLICY BEFORE PROVIDING YOUR INFORMATION AND WHENEVER INTERACTING WITH ANY WEBSITES OR MOBILE APPS.**

**USERS FROM OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES**

The Sites are hosted in the United States and are governed by United States law. If you are using the Sites from outside the United States, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States where our servers are located and our central database is operated. The data protection and other laws of the United States and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. By using the Sites, you consent to your information being transferred to our facilities and to the facilities of those third parties with whom we share it as described in this Privacy Policy.

### **NO CHILDREN**

Our Sites are not for use by those under the age of 13. If you use the Sites, you hereby represent and warrant that you are at least 13 years of age. In compliance with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act, any information we receive from users we believe to be under the age of 13 will be purged from our database. 

**Privacy POLICY Questions**

**You may contact us through your account or by sending an e-mail to**[social@catholichealth.net](mailto:social@catholichealth.net). ** **
