> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the piunikaweb.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-10-07. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20181007110457id_/http%3A//piunikaweb.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy - PiunikaWeb

We totally understand that as a user/reader of PiunikaWeb you trust our website when it comes to any personal information you share with us. The website’s Privacy Policy clearly states the three _Ws_ of data collection, viz. what all user-related data we gather, why we collect it, and what we do with it.

PiunikaWeb is focused on breaking tech news, which effectively means we always strive to explore and highlight information we believe our readers should be made aware of. From smart tech products like smartphones and wearables to popular web services like Google’s YouTube and Gmail, our coverage spans any and everything related to technology.

Anyone who visits the site can easily search and access all available information. In addition, readers can also share their thoughts and opinions by commenting on news stories merely by logging in through Facebook (as we use [Facebook Comments](https://developers.facebook.com/products/social-plugins/comments/?utm_campaign=social_plugins&utm_medium=offsite_pages&utm_source=comments_plugin)).

We have social networking accounts on micro-blogging site Twitter as well as Google+ and Facebook. Readers can follow us on these platforms to receive notifications, share any relevant information, and/or engage in an active conversation.

While we are already quite active on all social media platforms we have a presence on, in case you want to reach out privately, feel free to [contact us](http://piunikaweb.com/contact-us/) through email.

### Information we collect

Currently, PiunikiaWeb isn’t directly involved in collecting any personal user-data, but some third-party services or products it uses do gather information of users/readers who visit our website. So following is what you need to know in this regard:

**Google Analytics** : The statistics generated by Google Analytics – a popular web analytics service from Google – does require the service to fetch some user information, something it does using cookies. To know more about Google Analytics in this context, you can head to their [Terms of Service](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/7108387) page and [Google’s generic privacy policy](https://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/policies/privacy/). 

_**Google clearly explains how the company uses data when you use their products like AdSense or Analytics – head[here](https://policies.google.com/privacy/partners)** and [here](https://www.google.co.uk/policies/technologies/partner-sites/) for details._

**FB Comments** : User comments on PiunikaWeb are handled through FB Comments. Just like Google Analytics, to know more about how this service handles user privacy, head [here](https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/).

_~~Note 1: For revenue generation, we may go for online advertising on our website in near future. We will update the privacy policy as and when that happens~~. We are now using Google Adsense on our site for revenue generation._

_Note 2: However, we would like to share with you in advance that most ad vendors, including Google, use cookies in order to serve ads that are based on users’ prior visits to the website in question or other websites they’ve visited in the past. To opt out of personalized advertising in case of Google AdSense, head[here](https://www.google.com/settings/ads), and in case of some other third party vendors, head [here](http://www.aboutads.info/choices/)._

### Information you give us

Reading or exploring articles on PiunikaWeb currently doesn’t require a login or subscription. Those who wish to comment on any of the stories can do that through Facebook’s FB Comments, which requires users to login to the social networking service before commenting. 

Please note that the login verification process is directly performed by Facebook, meaning exchange of information happens between you/user and Facebook, and PiunikaWeb doesn’t have any role to play (to be specific, we don’t get access to any information).

Users are advised not to share any of their personal information when interacting with other uses/readers in the comments section.

### Our Sources

We always try to maintain transparency when it comes to our sources (from where we gather our news), giving complete credits to the actual source. We generally use publicly accessible information on official and un-official help forums as well as social media platforms, including but not limited to Twitter, Google+, and Facebook.

In case anyone has any issue with us sharing or accessing information originally shared by them, they can reach out to us, and we’ll be happy to address their concern, even if it requires pulling the content from the website.

We do understand people have different privacy concerns. So, if a user wants to share any info privately, they can [contact us](http://piunikaweb.com/contact-us/) through email, and depending upon their preference, we may or may not disclose their identity.

Finally, in case we wish to use the information shared with us for a purpose other than those set out in this Privacy Policy, we may ask the concerned person for their consent.

### Tips we get

While most sources used in our stories are publicly accessible, sometimes we do receive information in form of tips. In such cases, unless the tipster specifically stresses we maintain integrity of the information shared by them, we assume we can use, modify, and share it in any way we want.

### Legal compulsions

There are several scenarios where-in, if asked, we will provide any kind of information (including user data, if any). These include:

  * Government or law enforcement requests
  * For investigation of security/technical issues, or potential violations of our site’s policies and terms
  * To defend against any other direct or indirect harm caused to PiunikaWeb and its properties



While we don’t directly share users’ (or readers’) personal information, we may, at any point in time, share with third-parties aggregate information collected from whatever data we have (including user data). For example, we may reveal how many visitors PiunikaWeb gets per month or week.

### Applicability of Privacy Policy

Our privacy policy applies only to the content that we publish on our website. None of it applies to services offered by other companies/websites/publications/blogs or individuals, including sources that we link in articles on our website, and those that link to our site.

### Compliance and cooperation with regulatory authorities

We perform regular reviews to make sure everything we do is in line with our privacy policy. In case of any formal complaints, we’ll surely follow up with the complainant to get the matter resolved. If and when any such situation arises, we are open to working with appropriate authorities to resolve the complaints.

### Changes

PiunikaWeb’s privacy policy may change from time to time. Any changes in privacy policy will be reflected here, so we suggest you keep visiting this page regularly to stay updated – always look out for the ‘Last modified on: date’ at the bottom. Moreover, in case of any significant changes in the policy, readers/users will be specifically notified by us through available channels.

_Last modified on: June 05, 2018._
