> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the infinitelabs.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-05-22. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140522173056id_/http%3A//infinitelabs.com/privacy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy

**INFINITE LABS® Respects Your Privacy**   
INFINITE LABS, LLC and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “INFINITE LABS®,” “we,” “us,” “our” or “ours”) respect your privacy. This Online Privacy Statement informs you of our privacy practices and of the choices you can make about the way your information is collected online and how that information is used. This statement is readily available on our home page and at the bottom of every page of our Website (collectively, the "Site" or "Sites"). Please refer back to this policy regularly. If you have any questions or concerns about our Online Privacy Statement, please call us at 1.877.485.2271 or contact us at: 7208 W. Sand Lake Rd., Orlando, FL 32819, USA.

 **1\. Scope of This Online Privacy Statement**  
This Online Privacy Statement applies to your use of all the sites and services owned or operated by INFINITE LABS® and any other site that we may own or operate currently or in the future. Unless we say otherwise, all references to the Sites in this policy include all such sites. This policy does not apply to your use of sites to which any of the Sites link. This policy covers only information collected on the Sites and does not cover any information collected offline.

**Links to Non-** **INFINITE LABS® Sites**  
Our sites or services may provide links to third-party applications, products, services, or websites for your convenience and information. If you access those links, you will leave our Site. We do not control those third party sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from our practices. We do not endorse or make any representations about third-party sites. The personal data you choose to provide to them or that is collected by these third parties is not covered by our Privacy Statement. We encourage you to review the privacy policy of any site you interact with before allowing the collection and use of your personal information.

We may also provide social media features that enable you to share information with your social networks and to interact with us on various social media sites. Your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature. We encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that may be collected, used, and shared by those sites.

**2\. Collection of Personal Information**  
We may collect, export, and use personal information to better serve you and personalize your experience and interaction with us.  We will provide appropriate notice and consent regarding collection of your personal information, and, file information with data protection authorities as needed. 

  We may collect personal information from you to complete various transactions, such as: product or service orders, activations, and registrations; profile creation; information requests; marketing or support subscriptions; contest entries or survey participation, credit applications and job applications. 

The types of personal information you provide to us may include, but not limited to: contact information, such as your name, address, telephone number, and email address; financial information, such as your credit card number; and other unique information such as user IDs and passwords, billing and transaction information, product and service preferences, contact preferences, educational and employment background, job interest data and should you participate in the interactive diet and training portion of our site, we may collect body measurements, fitness goals, diet, medical and habits information.

If you post, comment, indicate interest, or share personal information, including photographs, to any public forum on our Site, social network, blog, or other such forum, please be aware that any personal information you submit can be read, viewed, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to contact you, send you unsolicited messages, or for purposes that neither you nor we have control over. We are not responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these forums.  
In addition to the information you provide, we may also collect information during your visit to our Site, or a website “powered by” another company on behalf of us, through our Automatic Data Collection Tools, which include Web beacons, cookies, and embedded Web links. These tools collect certain traffic information that your browser sends to a website, such as your browser type and language, access times, and the address of the website from which you arrived. They may also collect information about your Internet Protocol (IP) address, unique device identifier, clickstream behavior (i.e. the pages you view, the links you click, and other actions you take in connection with our Sites or “powered by” websites) and product information. We may also use some of these Automatic Data Collection Tools in connection with certain emails and communications sent from us and therefore may collect information using these tools when you open the email or click on a link contained in the email.

We may also collect information from commercially available sources. Such information may include your name, address, email address, preferences, interests, and demographic/profile data. The information we collect from its commercial sources may be used along with the information we collect when you visit our sites. For example, we may compare the geographic information acquired from commercial sources with the IP address collected by Automatic Data Collection Tools to derive your general geographic area.

**3\. How we use your information**  
The information we collect to understand your needs and interests help us deliver a consistent and personalized experience. For example, we may use your information to: assist you in completing a transaction or order; prevent and detect security threats, fraud or other malicious activity; communicate with you about products and services; provide and improve service and support; update you on new services and benefits; provide personalized promotional offers; select content to be communicated to you; personalize our Site; measure performance of marketing initiatives, ads, and websites “powered by” another company on our behalf; allow you to participate in contests and surveys and contact you regarding our products or services.   
We will give you the opportunity to choose your privacy preferences regarding the communications we send. The testimonials posted on our Web site are only posted with the express permission of the individual or company who provided that testimonial.  
Credit card information is used only for payment processing and fraud prevention. Credit card information and other sensitive personal information required to process a credit decision is not used for any other purpose by our financial services providers or us and will not be kept longer than necessary for providing the services, unless you ask us to retain your credit card information for future purchases.

**4\. How we share your information**  
We will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to others except as described in this  Online Privacy Statement. We share personal information in the following ways:  
We retain service providers and suppliers to deliver complete products, services and customer solutions and to assist us with marketing and communication initiatives. These providers and suppliers include, for example, credit card processors, providers of customer support and live-help, marketing, email service providers, automated data processors, and shipping agents. Suppliers and service providers are required by contract to keep confidential the information received on behalf of us and may not use it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for us.

From time to time, we participate in marketing initiatives with other companies, including websites “powered by” another company on behalf of us. As part of these initiatives, certain of our services and marketing communications may be delivered at the same time as those from other companies. Some of these services and communications offer you the option to share personal information with both us and the other companies participating in these initiatives. If you choose to provide personal information only to us, we will not share this information with the other companies participating in that marketing initiative. If you choose to provide personal information to the other companies, that personal information will be handled according to the privacy policy of those companies, which may differ from our policies and practices.

Except as described in this Online Privacy Statement, we will not share the personal information you provide to us with non-INFINITE LABS® third parties without your permission, unless to: (i) respond to duly authorized information requests of police and governmental authorities; (ii) comply with any law, regulation, subpoena, or court order; (iii) investigate and help prevent security threats, fraud or other malicious activity; (iv) enforce/protect our rights and properties or those of our subsidiaries; or (v) protect the rights or personal safety of our employees and third parties on or using our property. 

Circumstances may arise where, whether for strategic or other business reasons, we decide to sell, buy, merge or otherwise reorganize businesses in some countries. Such a transaction may involve the disclosure of personal information to prospective or actual purchasers, or the receipt of it from sellers. It is our practice to seek appropriate protection for information in these types of transactions.

**5\. Children's privacy**  
We do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and we do not target our Site to children under 13. We encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online and mobile activities and interests. 

**6\. Subscription Communications**  
Subscription communications include email newsletters, updates, etc. that may be expressly requested by you or which you consent to receive. After you request such communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by using one of the following methods: you may call us at 1.877.485.2271 or contact us at: 7208 W. Sand Lake Rd., Orlando, FL 32819, USA. You should be aware, however, that it is not always possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases and servers, although we will always make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request, and we are unable to have your information removed from the records of any third party who has been provided with your information in accordance with this policy.

**7\. Access to and accuracy of your information**  
We strive to keep your personal information accurately recorded. We have implemented technology, management processes, and policies to help maintain data accuracy. We provide individuals with reasonable access to personal information that they provided to us and the reasonable ability to review and correct it or ask for anonymization, blockage, or deletion, as applicable. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity, such as requiring a password and user ID, before granting access to your data. To view and change the personal information that you directly provided to us you can please call us at 1.877.485.2271 or contact us at: 7208 W. Sand Lake Rd., Orlando, FL 32819, USA. 

**8\. Keeping your personal information secure**  
We take seriously the trust you place in us.  We exercise reasonable care to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the appropriate use of the information. However, we cannot guaranty that our measures will completely bar unauthorized access to your information, and by using the Sites you assume this risk.

**9\. We Use Automatic Data Collection Tools**  
We collect non-personal identification information through the use of, without limitation, the following types of methodology:

"Cookie" technology: A "cookie" is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system.

"IP address tracking": An "IP address" is a number that is assigned to your computer when you are on the Internet. When you request pages from our Sites, our servers log your IP address.

"Web beacons": A "Web beacon," or "clear gif," is a small graphic image on a webpage or web-based document that a website can use to determine information about a user.

Non-personal identification information might include the browser you use, the type of computer, technical information about your means of connection to our Sites such as the operating systems and the Internet service providers utilized, and other similar information. Our systems may also automatically gather information about the areas you visit and search terms you utilize on our Sites and about the links you may select from within our Sites to other areas of the World Wide Web or elsewhere online.

We use such information for our business purposes, and, in particular, to administer the Sites, better manage advertising on the Sites, and, in the aggregate, to understand how our users as a group use the services, features and other resources provided on our Sites. This way we know which areas of our Sites are favorites of our users, which areas need improvement, and what technologies are being used so that we may continually improve our Sites.

We may share this aggregate statistical information with our partners, suppliers and other third parties, but we will not share any individual names, personal navigational or other personal information. For example, we may use a third-party advertising company to serve ads when you visit our Sites. We may share demographic and preference information with this company to allow them to display appropriate advertisements for you. 

We use a proprietary advertising server to display ads on our Sites. In addition, advertisers may elect to use third-party advertising companies to place ads onto our Sites. Some of our advertisers may display ads on our Sites that may use cookie technology or Web beacons to (i) identify non-personal information about our users (such as connection speed, browser and country of origin) and (ii) track user behavior within our Sites. Advertisers generally use such information to customize the display of ads. We will not permit such advertisers to collect any personal information from our users within our Sites; however, you may choose to voluntarily provide the advertisers with your personal information. We do not have access to these cookies or any information that they may contain.
