> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the infoinspired.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-25. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170625023624id_/http%3A//infoinspired.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy – InfoInspired

We are furnishing below the privacy practices we follow at [Info Inspired](http://infoinspired.com/ "Info Inspired") (http://infoinspired.com) in a concise manner but that well covers all the requisite information. The intention, our readers should know about our privacy practices by going through few paragraphs in a clear cut manner. First of all make us clear that we collect some necessary personal information. Below are the details of personal information which is being received and collected by us at **Info Inspired** and the use of it.

**Log Files:** It is a common practice that webmasters make use of the log files. At **Info Inspired** we are no exception. We also make use of log files just like many other websites do. You may be curious enough to know what are the contents in these log files. It contains information such as Internet Protocol addresses, date and time stamp of visit, browser used, method, protocol, referring pages, exit pages and status of visit. Why we collect these information? It is because to properly manage our site we may required log files at some point. We assure you that we only use these information in the log files to that extend only. By using log files we can analyze user trends like users movements around **Info Inspired**. We may analyze these information and also users demographic information for the purposes stated above.

**Cookies and Web Beacons:** Some websites normally use Cookies to remember or identify visitors via browser. It may be for providing relevant content or something similar like that. At this point make us to clear that **Info Inspired** does not use cookies itself. However we may use  third party ads on this site. They may use cookies and web beacons to provide ads based on visitors’ interest. We may publish ads on this site from third parties like Google. They may use cookies to serve ads on **Info Inspired** , if we publish ads from them.

Google uses DART cookie to serve ads based on users interest. Users may see ads based on their browsing behavior as a result of it. All modern browsers provide privacy features as built-in or users can use third party add-ons for this purpose. IE 10 metro is an exception to this add-on support as it does not support add-on. For more information about cookie management about the browser you are using, visit respective web page of the browser. If you opt out DART cookie you may still see ads on this site, if we publish, based on the content of this site, not based on your browsing behaviour. Visit the URL _http://www.google.com/privacy/ads/_ for information about how to op out tracking. We at  **Info Inspired**  have neither control nor access over these cookies used by third-party advertisers. Info Inspired’s privacy policy does not apply to such other advertisers or websites.

**E-mail Address :** If you make comment on this site or using the contact form to connect with us, it is mandatory to provide your email address. We assure you that we will strictly maintain the privacy of such collected email addresses. We may use these email addresses only to reply back. But make note that we are bound to provide any details required by govt. or legal authority at any point of time.

Also please note that this privacy policy is subject to change without any  prior intimation. You may check back this page to see any changes occurred in future. Any query regarding our privacy policy? Use the contact form to write to us.

Date : 09th April 2012
