> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the infolona.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120617134855id_/http%3A//infolona.com/infolona-%25E2%2580%2593-privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# INFOLONA – PRIVACY POLICY | Infolona

1\. **PRIVACY** : Your privacy is of great importance to Infolona. As a user of this website (the "Website"), you are valued by Infolona and Infolona will take appropriate measures to protect the information provided by and collected from you on the Website in connection with the functions, facilities, products and services offered on the Website (together referred to as “Services”). As the business of Infolona changes and grows, so will this policy. Please check back periodically for additions and changes.

2\. **TERMS OF USE** : All rights, title and interest to the content displayed on the Website/s are the property of Infolona, or the respective third parties who have provided/licensed such content, and are protected by copyright, trademark or other laws. Except as expressly authorized by Infolona, you agree to not do anything in relation to the Website/s or any content made available through the Website/s (hereinafter, all content and material available on the website shall be referred to as “Content”) which is not your content. You must not yourself (nor allow any third party) to copy, modify, create an adaptation of, reverse engineer or otherwise attempt to discover any source code, sell, assign, sublicense, grant a security interest in or otherwise transfer any right in the Infolona Services or remove or obscure the copyright notice or other notices displayed on the Content. You must not reproduce, print, cache, store or distribute Content retrieved from the Website in any way, for any use without the prior written permission of Infolona. The content must be for personal/non commercial use only. 

3\. We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. This Privacy Policy covers Infolona's treatment of personally identifiable information that Infolona collects when you are on the Infolona site, and when you use Infolona's services. This policy also covers Infolona's treatment of any personally identifiable information that Infolona's business partners share with Infolona. This policy does not apply to the practices of companies that Infolona does not own or control and it does not also apply to people that Infolona does not employ or manage.

4\. Infolona takes your privacy very seriously. Infolona only requests and uses information absolutely essential to respond to your requests for information on the Services and to inform you of services Infolona thinks may be of interest to you.

5\. The communication standards of the Internet industry enable transmission of the URL of the site from which you visit Infolona, the IP address of your computer, the IP address of your ISP, various attributes of your computer such as operating system, resolution and browser software, and the date and time of your various requests for pages on Infolona. Infolona file logging system automatically logs all of this information in its log files for its analysis.

6\. At times, Infolona may use a feature of your browser to send your computer a "cookie". Cookies are used by thousands of web sites in order to enhance your web experience. A cookie is a small data file that assigns a unique anonymous number to your browser from a web server and is stored on your computer's hard drive. Cookies can not damage or read information stored on your hard drive. Cookies make your web experience more enjoyable by storing passwords and preferences. You can adjust your browser settings to refuse all cookies or to inform you when a cookie is being placed on your hard drive. However, your election not to accept cookies may diminish your experience with the Site because of additional time needed to repeatedly enter information.

We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.

Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.  
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.

7\. Infolona will never sell, rent, or otherwise provide your personally identifiable information to any third parties unless it is to carry out your instructions and to provide specific services. As an example, Infolona sends your information to a credit card processing company to process a payment you have made for the use of Services. These third parties are bound by strict confidentiality agreements which limit their use of such information. In addition, Infolona may share your information to send direct mailers or complimentary coupons/offers to a mailing agency to process postal mailing. Again, such an agency would be bound by strict confidentiality agreements that limit their use of such information.

8\. In certain rare circumstances, Infolona may be compelled by law to disclose your personal information, such as in connection with a lawsuit or other legal proceeding. In the event disclosure is required, Infolona will use reasonable commercial efforts to try to secure confidential treatment of the disclosed personal information, including prohibiting use of the information for any commercial purpose.

9\. In addition, Infolona reserves the right to disclose certain information when, in its sole discretion, Infolona determines that such disclosure is necessary to protect Infolona or its employees, their rights or property, or to protect the physical safety or health of employees of Infolona or a member of the general public.

10\. Any submissions that you make to any public areas of the Website such as bulletin boards ("Public Areas") will be public and will not be considered Personal Information. Infolona does not control, and is not responsible for, the actions of other users of the Website with respect to any information you post in Public Areas. In addition, information that you submit to Public Areas may be collected and used by others to send you unsolicited messages and for other purposes.

11\. You may be able to access third party web sites through links available on the Website. You understand and agree that your use of such third party websites, will be governed by the privacy policies of those sites and not by this privacy policy.

12\. Infolona encourages parents and legal guardians to monitor their children's Internet usage and to help enforce this privacy policy by instructing their children to never provide information on the Website without their permission.

13\. If you desire access to your own personal information, to correct existing personal information, or to remove your personal information, please contact us using the contact information provided below. If you request removal of personal information, you acknowledge that residual personal information may continue to reside in Infolona's records and archives, but Infolona will not use that information for a commercial purpose. INFOLONA reserves the right to maintain your personal information if Infolona has suspended, limited, or terminated your access to the Website for violating the Infolona Terms and Conditions of Use.

14\. Infolona will maintain the confidentiality of the information it collects. Infolona’s internal practices help protect the security and confidentiality of this information by limiting employee access to and use of this information. If you have any feedback regarding this policy, please [_Click here_](http://infolona.com/userfeedback)

15\. We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes.

16\. Links to other websites: Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.

If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete or in violation of rules of ethics, please email us at [userfeedback@infolona.com](mailto:userfeedback@infolona.com). We will promptly take suitable remedial action. The effective date of this Agreement is the date on which you start using the Website and hence agree to these terms and conditions.
