> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the infographicjournal.com privacy policy that was archived on 2018-07-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20180711191223id_/https%3A//infographicjournal.com/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Infographic Journal

Infographic Journal is committed to protecting your privacy. The following specifies our information gathering and dissemination practices.

 **Personal Information**

Infographic Journal email forms require you to give us contact information (e.g., name, email address) and possibly some demographic information (e.g., telephone number, ZIP code). We use this information to correspond with you electronically via email. We may also use this data to send you information about our company, service offerings and/or special offers. None of the information that is collected in our email forms is stored online.

 **External Links**

This site contains links to other web sites. Infographic Journal is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.

 **Advertising**

Infographic Journal offers advertising opportunities to third-party web sites in the form of Display Ads and Textual Links. Infographic Journal does not endorse the content of any third-party website. Infographic Journal is not responsible for the content of links, third-party sites, sites framed within the Infographic Journal web site or third-party advertisements, and does not make any representations regarding their content or accuracy. Your use of these third-party web sites is at your own risk.

 **Google AdSense**

Infographic Journal supplements its advertising opportunities with Google AdSense in which Google uses cookies to help serve the ads it displays on the websites of its partners, such as websites displaying Google ads or participating in Google certified ad networks. Google’s use of advertising cookies enables it and its partners to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and/or other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of personalized advertising by visiting Google’s [Ads Settings](https://www.google.com/settings/ads).

 **Google Analytics**

This web site (infographicjournal.com) uses Google Analytics, a web analytics service provided by Google, Inc. (“Google”). Google Analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer/device, to help analyze how users use the site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this web site (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google. Google Analytics will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the web site, compiling reports on web site activity for web site operators and providing other services relating to web site activity and Internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google’s behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. By using this web site, you consent to the processing of data about you by Google in the manner and for the purposes set out above. You may also refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your web browser.

 **Disclosure To Third Parties**

Infographic Journal does not share or sell contact information with any third party without your permission. Infographic Journal may disclose only in aggregate form our statistical analyses including demographics of users to third parties, such as advertisers or other business partners. This information does not include personal information such as names, phone numbers or e-mail addresses.

 **Privacy Policy Changes**

Although most changes are likely to be minor, Infographic Journal may change its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in our sole discretion. Infographic Journal encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its Privacy Policy. Your continued use of this web site after any change in this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.

If you have any questions about this privacy statement or the practices of this site please contact us at 602-715-2100.

Effective as of May 21, 2018
