> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the infusionsoft.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-10-29. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20061029211810id_/http%3A//www.infusionsoft.com/ns/docs/PrivacyPolicy.pdf) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# 

                                   Privacy Policy
Please direct any questions regarding this Privacy Policy to Infusion’s Fanatical
Customer Support team, which can be reached by e-mail at
support@infusionsoft.com
Customer Information
All Infusion customer account information is held confidential. We do not sell
our customer list or customer information to any other entities. Customer
information such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number,
fax number and billing information is collected for the sole purpose of
providing services to our customers and notifying them of improvements to
our products and services.
From time to time, we will send special offers and promotional notices via mail,
e-mail, fax, and/or voice broadcast to our customers and to prospects who
have expressed interest and have requested such information. At any time,
customers may “opt-out” of such offers and notifications by following the opt-
out link on the specific offer received, or by contacting us at
support@infusionsoft.com.
Customer Lead Information
All leads generated by our customers and data stored for our customers are
held and protected in strict confidence using advanced security measures. Each
lead's information is kept only so that the customer’s marketing messages may
be sent to that lead. Infusion does not contact customer leads, nor do we sell
or share customers’ lead information with any other party.
Affiliate Information
All Infusion affiliate information, including address, phone number, e-mail
address, and Social Security or tax id number is confidential. This information
is collected for the purposes of: 1) generating commission checks and 2)
complying with United States federal tax requirements.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, please contact our
Fanatical Customer Support team, which can be reached by e-mail at
support@infusionsoft.com.
SV_DOCS\24992.21                            1
