> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jewelrylessons.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-12-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20141217034139id_/http%3A//www.jewelrylessons.com/page/Privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | JewelryLessons.com

## EaZy Communities Privacy Policy

### Jewelrylessons.com

Updated August 19, 2010

[ Click here for Previous Privacy Policy](https://web.archive.org/web/20141217034139id_/http%3A//www.jewelrylessons.com/page/privacy-policies-august-2009)

Our Privacy Policy governs information that is collected through the Jewelrylessons.com Website ("Site"), through our company, Eni Oken Designs, Inc. DBA EaZy Communities ("EZ"), through the use of the Site, and other services offered on or through the Site (collectively, the "Services"). This Privacy Policy is incorporated by reference into the [Terms and Conditions of Use.](https://web.archive.org/web/20141217034139id_/http%3A//www.jewelrylessons.com/page/terms-use). 

Please read the Privacy Policy carefully. This explains what Personal Information we will gather from you, and when and how this information is used. Our Terms of Use explains the legal obligations of EZ and you, the user, and also outlines what you can and cannot do while accessing the Site and Services. 

"Personal Information" is information about a person that is personally identifiable to such person like the person’s name, address, email address, or phone number, as well as other non-public information. 

"Anonymous Information" or "Aggregated Information" means information that is not associated with or linked to Personally Identifiable Information. Anonymous or Aggregated Information does not permit the identification of individual persons. 

This Website is not directed at anyone under the age of 18. Please check back periodically for changes in our Privacy Policy. 

**Your Privacy.** We understand that your privacy is very important to you. At EZ we believe that our online visitors have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect when you access or use our Services. Other websites that are linked to/from the EZ Site and entities that may be co-branded with EZ may have different policies that apply to their collection and management of information; therefore, please review the privacy policy notices on those websites carefully for details. 

**Acceptance of Privacy Policy.** BY ACCESSING OUR SITE AND USING THE SERVICES, AND ANY OF THE UPDATES THEREOF, AND BY PROVIDING INFORMATION THROUGH OUR SITE AND SERVICES, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ AND UNDERSTAND THIS PRIVACY POLICY AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY, DO NOT ACCESS OUR SITE, USE THE SERVICES, OR PROVIDE ANY INFORMATION THROUGH OUR SITE. 

**The Information that We Collect.** From time to time, we may ask for certain Personal Information from you so that you may participate in activities or enjoy the Services. Generally, we collect information in the following ways: when you submit information, including text, or photos, through your Registration, Profile, comments, ratings, our community, and in Tutorials; when we receive information through our Services; and when we receive information from entries to EZ contests or offers. 

We will collect your name, your company’s name if applicable, your email and physical addresses, your phone, and PayPal email address (for Teachers) ("Personal Information"). This information and other information you provide to us, for example information submitted through your comments or Tutorials, will be collected, used and disclosed as outlined herein. Unless otherwise indicated, information provided will not be associated with your Personal Information and if disclosed or used by EZ, such information shall be in anonymous or aggregate form. 

**Why We Collect this Information.** We collect information for a variety of reasons, including administration of our Site, EZ's effort to inform you of changes in our service, special offers, newsletters, and other products and services in which you may be interested. When you submit Personal Information to EZ, you understand and agree that EZ may access, store, and use your customer profile. You consent to the transfer of your information to and within the United States or other countries for processing and storage. 

**Our Use and Disclosure of Your Information.** EZ will use your Personal Information only for that specific purpose for which you submitted such Personal Information. We DO NOT sell or rent any Personal Information about you to any third party without your permission. Unless otherwise indicated, Personal Information provided by you to EZ is for the internal use of EZ only and for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We may disclose your Personal Information we collect to companies that perform services on our behalf to fulfill order requirements, payment processing, or administrative requirements. Additionally, when you purchase our products, as a part of the purchase transaction, you will be asked to disclose your information directly to a third party to fulfill your order or to facilitate the processing of your purchase transaction. EZ is using PayPal.com to handle all purchase transactions. If you would like to update or change your personal information or credit card information on PayPal.com, please contact them directly through their website contact information at www.Paypal.com. We also use Project Wonderful (projectwonderful.com) to provide advertising that may be of interest to you. Please refer to their Terms of Use and Privacy Policies. If you have any additional requests regarding which companies provide administrative services, you may email us at support@jewelrylessons.com.

**Our Security Procedures and Your Privacy.** EZ takes great care in maintaining the security of your Personal Information, and preventing unauthorized access to it, through the use of commercially reasonable technology and internal procedures. Although EZ takes great care in maintaining the security of your Personal Information, EZ does not guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur. 

**What You Can Do For Your Security and Privacy:** We take your privacy and security seriously. While we have taken the measures outlined above, you can assist us by (i) creating longer, stronger passwords longer, and (ii) not posting any personal information that identifies you, others, a business or entity. Don't post anything that you may want to remove at sometime in the future. (If you do need to remove something, you will need to contact us.) For more information, see our Community Guidelines and Terms. 

**Notice of Sharing.** EZ may share your Personal Information or other information under the following circumstances: (a) within EZ, including our employees, and agents; (b) with third parties with your consent; (c) if we believe in good faith that it is required by law, legal process or court order; (d) as may be required to respond to an inquiry, request or complaint that you have made; (e) to persons or companies that EZ engages to carry out or provide support for the operations of its business (which may include customer support services or email service providers); or (f) if we believe in good faith that it is necessary to protect the personal safety, property, or interests of you, our users, the public, our licensors, Teachers, the Services or ourselves. EZ may share aggregate information and/or Anonymous Information about our users and visitors with advertisers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.

**Advertising, Marketing, and Promotions.** We may disclose Anonymous or Aggregate Information to advertisers, business partners, sponsors, or other third parties but we WILL NOT disclose any information that could be used to personally identify you. The Anonymous or Aggregate Information may be used to gauge the usefulness and popularity of our web pages, or certain links to or from our Site. During those times when we participate in promotions and contests in conjunction with other companies, with the intent to share Personal Information, we will indicate this in our contest rules, on the registration page. Please refer to our promotion/contest rules for updates. 

**Polls/Surveys/Contests.** EZ may from time to time invite you to participate in a poll, survey or a contest. The information that you provide to EZ under these circumstances may include Personal Information or information that is otherwise tied to your Personal Information. If you participate, you understand that EZ reserves the right to store the information you provide and to use such information for the general improvement of our Services. Such Personal Information shall be managed according to the Privacy Policy, unless otherwise indicated in the individual poll, survey or contest. 

**CAN-SPAM Compliance.** As a member of EZ and the EZ Site, you consent to allow EZ to contact you to provide you with information concerning your account, your transactions with EZ, and your use of our Services. Email contact, for example, may include information regarding your rewards, Tutorials, comments or updated information associated with your Submissions or purchases. If you have indicated that you would like to be contacted regarding other services and promotions, EZ may also contact you with commercial information about products, services, promotions, contests, or other activities or offerings that may be of interest to you. Additionally, with each commercial communication you receive from EZ, you will be given the opportunity to indicate that you wish to "Unsubscribe" from receiving such future communications. By requesting that EZ send an email through the "Invite A Friend," feature, you understand that you are required to send an authentic email address that is being used solely for the purpose of providing information about EZ to your known friend, who would not object to receiving this email. 

**Information Provided to Customer Service.** EZ or its designated third party customer service provider may offer support and technical assistance via telephone or email. Whenever you communicate with customer service, you understand: (i) that a customer service representative may view and make changes to your Personal Information in order to provide the assistance that you need; and (ii) that a customer service representative may reply to you via email, phone, or text message. 

**Legal Disclosures.** We may disclose information we have collected from and about you (including Personal Information) if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on us; or (b) to protect and defend the rights or property of us, the users of our Services, or third parties. 

**Use of Cookies, GIF Files, and other Technology.**

**Cookies.** Cookies are pieces of information that some websites transfer to the computer that is browsing that website ("Cookies"), and are used for record-keeping purposes at many websites. The use of Cookies makes web surfing easier by performing certain functions such as saving your passwords, background information, and your personal preferences regarding your use of the particular website. Many consider the use of Cookies to be an industry standard. Your browser is probably set to accept Cookies; however, it may be set to block acceptance of cookies, erase Cookies from your computer hard drive, or receive a warning before a Cookie is stored. If you would prefer not to receive Cookies, you can alter the configuration of your browser to refuse, erase, or to warn you of the use of Cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse Cookies, it is possible that some areas of websites that use Cookies will not function properly when you view them and your online experience will be limited. 

EZ uses Cookies to administer the Site and not to track surfing habits. Our Site collects Personal Information under the following situations: (1) to the extent that you provide Information to us in an email message or in your profile; (2) to the extent that your web browser provides Information to our web server, like the site you linked from, the identity of your internet service provider, or the type of browser you are using; and (3) to the extent that you provide Personal Information to us in a CGI form (for example, when you subscribe to our newsletter). 

**GIF Files.** EZ uses pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage online advertising. These GIF files may be provided by our ad management partner and enable it to recognize a unique Cookie on your web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements bring users to our Site. The Cookie was placed by us, or by another advertiser who works with our ad management partner. With both Cookies and spotlight technology, the information that we collect and share is Anonymous Information, which may be shared in aggregate form, and it is not personally identifiable and therefore does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address. 

If you have concerns about cookies or GIF Files, or need assistance on how to enable the cookies on your system, please contact us at support@jewelrylessons.com. 

**Partnership, Advertising Links.** Please be aware that we may occasionally link to other sites for promotional or advertising purposes. These sites are independent of EZ. As such, we encourage you to refer to each site's terms of use and privacy policy for their use of Cookies and Personal Information. 

**Reviewing and Changing Your Personally Identifiable Information.** If you want to make changes, amendments and/or deletions to your Personal Information with EZ, you can access and update your information by clicking onto the Profile link found at the top right of each page. Please note that EZ may be prohibited from deleting certain Personal Information due to an applicable court order, statute, law or regulation, or in the case of Teachers, additional requirements for Tutorials. When we delete information that we have collected from or about you, it will be deleted from our active databases but may remain in our archives. 

**Age.** Our Site is not directed at anyone under the age of 18. If you are under this age, you should not use our Site. 

**Notice to California Residents – Your California Privacy Rights (As Provided by California Civil Code section 1798.83).** A California resident who has provided personal information to a business with whom he/she has established a business relationship for personal, family, or household purposes (a "California Customer") may request information about whether the business has disclosed personal information to any third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. In general, if the business has made such a disclosure of personal information, upon receipt of a request by a California Customer, the business is required to provide a list of all third parties to whom personal information was disclosed in the preceding calendar year, as well as a list of the categories of personal information that were disclosed. California Customers may request further information about our compliance with this law by e-mailing privacy@jewelrylessons.com Please note that we are required to respond to one request per California Customer each year, and we are not required to respond to requests made by means other than through this email address. 

**Privacy Policy Updates.** The terms of this Privacy Policy will govern the use of any information collected by EZ or its Customer Service. EZ reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. This Privacy Policy may change as new features are added to our Site. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post these changes to our Privacy Policy on the Site. The most recent version of our Privacy Policy is always available from the bottom of most pages on the site. In case of any material changes to the Privacy Policy, we will replace the "Privacy Policy" link on the home page of the website with a link entitled "Privacy Policy Updated xx/xx/xxxx" for no less than thirty (30) days. All changes to the Privacy Policy will be effective when posted, and your continued use of any of the Services after the posting will constitute your acceptance of, and agreement to by bound by, the changed terms. It is your sole responsibility to periodically revisit and review our Privacy Policy for updates. If you have any questions about privacy, please contact us at privacy@jewelrylessons.com. 

**Subsequent Owner of Eni Oken Designs, Inc or EaZy Communities, Merger/Acquisition.** In the event that EZ goes through a business change, such as a merger, acquisition or sale, your personally identifiable information will likely be among the assets transferred. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of EZ or its assets may continue to use your Personal Information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. You hereby consent to EZ sharing your Personal Information under the above circumstances. 

**Contact Information.** If you have any questions or comments about our personal information practices or about this Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us by email at support@jewelrylessons.com or by mail at: EaZy Communities  
200 S. Barrington Ave.   
PO Box 491393 Los Angeles, CA 90049 

© Copyright 2010 Eni Oken Designs, Inc. and EaZy Communities. All Rights Reserved.
