> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jewelrytelevision.com privacy policy that was archived on 2014-04-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20140411115928id_/http%3A//www.jtv.com/help/jewelry-television-privacy-policy.htm/help-privacypolicy%2Cdefault%2Cpg.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Jewelry Television Privacy Policy

Jewelry Television® (“JTV” or “we” or “us”) respects the privacy of our customers and have developed this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our commitment to protecting your privacy. This Policy is intended to describe the information we collect, how we use it and with whom we share it. We also will discuss some of your choices about these matters. If you have questions about how we use this information, please feel free to contact us, using the information below.

**It’s Important to Read this Policy Carefully.** Because we gather certain types of information from and about our users, we want you to fully understand the terms and conditions surrounding the acquisition and use of this information. By using our website or by doing business with us, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy. JTV is affiliated with a variety of other companies (“Affiliated Companies”) such as Multimedia Commerce Group, Inc. (“MCGI”), the parent company of JTV. For purposes of this policy, Affiliated Companies shall include any entity or joint venture that is wholly or partially owned or controlled by JTV or MCGI, that wholly or partially own or control JTV or MCGI, or that is related to JTV or MCGI through common ownership.

**Information We Collect about You.** We collect information that you provide us through doing business with us or by registering with any of our websites. You do not have to provide us with any information to visit our websites; however, you may not be able to fully utilize all of the services on our websites or be able to make purchases if you choose not to provide certain information. Examples of the kinds of information and the manner in which we collect such information are listed below:

**In General.** Information collected may include identifying information, such as your name, address, e-mail address and telephone number, and, if you transact business with us, financial information such as your payment method (valid credit/debit card number, type, expiration date and other financial information), as well as other personal and non-personal information that allows us to serve you better.

**Email.** When you subscribe to JTV emails or newsletters, you will provide your email address.

**Merchandise Orders.** When you first place an order, by phone, through our website, or otherwise, we collect from you personal and financial information. The kind of information we require will depend on the payment method you choose. Examples include (but aren’t limited to): your name, mailing address, credit/debit card billing address(es), shipping address(es), email address, telephone number, a password (optional), date of birth and your method of payment such as credit/debit card or account numbers and expiration date. If you choose to register on our website and then return to our website at another time, then your password and other personally identifiable information will provide you with access to your customer and order information. We also ask you for personally identifiable information about other people to whom you are sending product ordered from us.

**Tell a Friend.** You can electronically forward an item link to someone else by clicking “tell a friend.” You must provide your friend’s email address, as well as your own.

**Contests and Surveys.** From time to time we may provide you with the opportunity to participate in contests or surveys on our website. If you participate, we will request certain personally identifiable information from you. Participating in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you therefore have a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Typical information requested includes your name, address, telephone number, email address, and JTV account number. You may receive promotional emails from us as a result of entering the contest or participating in a survey. We also use this information to notify contest winners and award prizes. 

**Customer Care.** If you contact our Customer Care department via phone, mail or email, we keep a log of the information with your personal account to continue improving our service, follow-up on customer requests, and contact people who may be violating our policies.

**Vendor and Employment Applications.** When you submit a vendor or employment application online, we request personally identifying information. We use this information to evaluate and follow up on your application. If you become a vendor for JTV or are hired as an employee, this information can become part of your account records or your personnel file.

**Site Optimization and Usage Tracking.** In order to assure your visits to our websites are completely satisfactory, our system automatically identifies which browser you are using, the IP (Internet Provider) you used for access, and your Operating System. We do not collect any personal information from your hard drive. We also track user traffic patterns throughout our website. We use tracking information to determine which areas of our site users like and don’t like based on traffic to those areas, as well as the kinds of products that most interest our customers. We do not track what individual users read, but rather how well each page performs overall. This helps us continue building a better site for you. To do this, we use web beacons and cookies (discussed below). We contract with third parties to help manage and optimize our Internet business and communications. If you do not want to help us learn how to improve our site, products, offers and marketing strategy, you can “opt out” of our ability to analyze such data by clicking the following link <http://www.adobe.com/privacy/analytics.html> and following the instructions provided.

**Cookies.** We may place a text file called a “cookie” in the browser files of your computer. The cookie itself does not contain personal information although it will enable us to relate your use of this site to information that you have provided. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. We use cookies to track user traffic patterns (as described above). You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. If you’ve set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies, you will receive the warning message with each cookie. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use this site. However, you do need cookies to place an order, participate in an auction, post ratings or reviews, log in, or access the “My Account” section.

**Web beacons.** Web beacons are small, transparent graphics that are placed on our website to track how you arrive at our website and what you do at the website. We may use web beacons to track web affiliate sales, customers' browsing activities at our website, or to compile sales and statistical data. This information assists us in enhancing your shopping experience.

**Supplementation of Information.** In order to provide our services to you, we may supplement the personal information you submit to us with information from third party sources. For example, for credit card payments, we may communicate with a company that processes credit card payments and utilize services which help us verify your identity. This supplemental information may also include information we obtain from other third party sources.

**Non-Personal Information We Collect.** When you do business with us or use our website, we may also collect “non-personal information,” which is information such as your age, gender, income, education, zip code. Non-personal information may also include technical information, such as the type of browser you’re using, the websites you visit before and after you visit our website, and other anonymous data involving your use of our website. Non-personal information may also include information that you provide us through your use of our website, such as the terms you enter into the search functions of our website.

**Social Networking and Blogs.** When you post an entry on a web log (“blog”) hosted by, created by or associated with JTV or submit content to us (such as reviews, photos or videos), we may publish the information you provide. All such postings and content are subject to our JTV Community Policy [[link]](http://www.jtv.com/help/jewelry-television-community.htm/help-community,default,pg.html).

### Our Use of Collected Information:

**In General.** Collected information may be used to: deliver the products and services that you have ordered; manage your account and provide you with customer support; perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content, or products, services or content offered by others; communicate with you by e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or otherwise about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our affiliates or third parties; develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests on our site and on other sites; verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes; enforce our terms and conditions; and otherwise manage our business and facilitate your transactions.

**Financial information.** We may use financial information or payment method information to process payments for any purchases or sales made on our website by phone, or otherwise, enroll you in programs in which you elect to participate, pre-qualify you for credit card and other offers that you might find of interest, protect against or identify possible fraudulent transactions, and otherwise as needed to manage our business.

**Non-personal information.** We may use your non-personal information in any of the above situations, with third parties as specified below, and with advertisers and others as indicated to support our business.

### Third Parties With Whom We May Share Information.

**Third-party Service Providers.** We use third-party service providers in various aspects of our business, and we may share your personal information with them as necessary for them to perform their functions. For example, service providers may assist us with order fulfillment, package delivery, credit card issuance, the providing of warranties, credit card processing, customer service, website functionality or promotions. They may collect personal or non-personal statistics about our users, and have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. In addition, we may use third-party service providers to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet and sometimes on this site or to present special offers to you when you visit our website. They may collect anonymous information about your visits to our Web site, and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other Web sites to target advertisements or offers for goods and services. This anonymous information is collected through the use of a pixel tag, which is industry standard technology used by most major web sites. No personally identifiable information is collected or used in this process. They do not know the name, phone number, address, email address, or any personally identifying information about the user. You can read more about online marketing practices and the technologies that support them by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative’s website by clicking on the following link: [www.networkadvertising.org](http://www.networkadvertising.org/).

**Sharing Information with Affiliated Companies.** We share customer information that we collect with our Affiliated Companies, including personal information. Our Affiliated Companies generally have privacy policies similar to ours or agree to be bound by our privacy policy before any customer information is provided to them.

**Business Transfers/Transitions.** As we continue to develop our business, we could buy, license or sell assets. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the business assets involved. In the event of a sale of our business (in whole or in part), a divestiture, merger, consolidation, restructuring, or asset sale, it is likely that one of the assets acquired by the purchaser would be the personal and non-personal information that we have collected. Under this situation, customer information would be transferred to the third party purchaser.

**Business partners.** When you make purchases or engage in promotions offered through our website, by telephone, or otherwise, we may share personal information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products, services, promotions, contests and/or sweepstakes. When you elect to engage in a particular merchant’s offer or program, you authorize us to provide your e-mail address and other information to that merchant.

**Other Websites.** We often provide links to other websites. If you choose to visit any of these sites, please understand that they have their own privacy policies and you may wish to review them. This Policy applies only to information collected by this website and by us.

**Other Disclosures.** We may disclose personal information when we are required or requested to do so by law, court order, subpoena, legal process, or other government or law enforcement authority or regulatory agency to establish, exercise, enforce or apply our rights and agreements; defend against legal claims, or when we believe in good faith that disclosing this information is necessary or advisable, including, for example, to protect the rights, property or safety of our website, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction. We may also share information in order to investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities.

**With your Consent.** We will share personally identifiable information with certain specific third party marketers when you accept an offer from them or otherwise consent for us to do so. Such personally identifiable information may include your name, credit/debit card number and expiration date, physical and email addresses and other billing information, as well as other information that you consent to provide.

**Privacy Policies of Third Parties.** Any third parties to whom we may disclose personal information may have their own privacy policies which describe how they use and disclose personal information. In addition to restrictions imposed under this Policy upon third parties use of personal information obtained from us, the third parties’ privacy policies will also govern use, handling and disclosure of your personal information once we have shared it with those third parties as described in this Privacy Policy.

**How We Protect Your Personal Information.** We understand the importance of securing and protecting personal information. We maintain appropriate safeguards to secure your personal information. To help protect the integrity and privacy of the personal information you provide, we use encryption technology to transmit personal information over the Internet to our servers. For example, when collecting credit card information, we offer secure-server transactions that encrypt your information in transit to thwart someone form intercepting and misusing it. We also use “firewalls,” secure socket layers and other security technology to protect your information and our network. We secure your personal information on servers located in controlled, secure environments, protected from unauthorized access, use or alteration. Our employees have limited access to your personal information based on their responsibilities and all employees are instructed to protect the confidentiality of your personal information as described in the Policy. We want you to feel confident using our website to transact business. However, no system can be completely secure. Therefore, although we take steps to secure your information, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your personal information, searches, or other communications will always remain secure. You should also take care with how you handle and disclose your personal information and should avoid sending personal information through insecure e-mail. We encourage you to learn about how to prevent identify theft. Some excellent resources can be found on the websites like the site of the Federal Trade Commission, www.ftc.gov and http://onguardonline.gov/index.html.

**Changes to this Policy.** We will update this Policy from time to time to reflect certain factors such as changes in our practices. When we change the Policy, we will indicate the date of the last revision in the Effective Date section below. If we make material changes to this Policy, we will place a notice on our website near the link to this Policy and may also send a notice to the email address that you have provided. We reserve the right to modify this Policy at any time so you should check our website and this Policy frequently to see recent changes.

**Accessing/Updating Your Information.** You can both check and update the information in your customer profile by clicking on the **My Account** link on our website and following the instructions provided for you. You may also call Customer Care at (800) 550-8393 to update your information.

**Effective Date.** This Privacy Policy was last updated as of July 21, 2009.

**For Residents of California.** California Civil Code Section 1798.83, also known as the "Shine The Light" law, permits our customers who are California residents to request and obtain from us once a year, free of charge, information about the personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year. If applicable, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared information in the immediately preceding calendar year. If you are a California resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request by sending an e-mail to: jtvprivacy@jtv.com.

**Children.** Children under the age of 13 may not use our website, and therefore, should not present any personal information to us. Persons between the ages of 13 and 18 may only use this website with the consent of a parent or guardian. We do not knowingly collect any personal information from people under the age of 13.

### Email communications and opt-out from our email list.

**Registration, Newsletters and Opt-Out.** When you register on our website, you will be asked if you would like to receive information on our products, services and promotions and information about similar products and services offered by third parties we have selected. You can indicate your interest by checking the box indicated in the subscription services center. You may opt out of receiving these promotional emails by deleting the check mark next to the option to receive promotional emails found in the subscription center. You can also sign up for our newsletter on our website by inserting your email address into a box marked for that purpose. You may unsubscribe from our email services whenever you like by using the opt out link on our email correspondence. You can also contact Customer Service and tell them that you want to opt-out from our email list at CustomerCare@jtv.com or (800) 550-8393.

**Service-Related Emails.** We reserve the right to send you service-related announcements on rare occasions when it is necessary to do so. For example, if our service is temporarily suspended for maintenance, we might send you an email. Generally you can’t opt out of these communications unless you deactivate your account.

**Transaction-specific Emails.** If you provide your email address when placing an order, either online or via our call center, you will receive transaction-based emails including but not limited to order confirmation and shipment confirmation.

**Contact Information.** If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy, you can email us at [jtvprivacy@jtv.com](mailto:%20jtvprivacy@jtv.com). If you prefer, you can write to:

JTV® Privacy  
JTV® Legal Department  
9600 Parkside Drive  
Knoxville, TN 37922 
