> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jewishgen.org privacy policy that was archived on 2009-06-21. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090621102621id_/http%3A//www.jewishgen.org/JewishGen/disclaimer.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Disclaimer, Site Use, and Privacy Policy

[](http://www.jewishgen.org/) | [](http://www.jewishgen.org/)  
---|---  
  
****JavaScript based drop down DHTML menu generated by NavStudio. (OpenCube Inc. - http://www.opencube.com)****  
  
JewishGen has created this Terms of Service statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.  The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: 

### Site Use

All information contained on this site is being provided by JewishGen, Inc. as a public service for the furtherance of your **personal** genealogical research.  Any information contained as part of any database, text file or HTML file is not intended nor should it be used for the solicitation of paid research, solicitation for contributions or support for a non-JewishGen project or for any commercial use, school related projects, term papers or interviews for the purpose of publication without the express written permission of the appropriate copyright holder.

The photographs and images ("Works") contained in this website are copyrighted by third parties from whom we have obtained permission to publish their Works on JewishGen's website.  JewishGen cannot convey the right to use these Works in any form; they may not be copied or used without prior permission from the holder of the underlying copyright.  For information concerning permissions, please contact JewishGen at the e-mail address below.

### Information Automatically Logged

For purposes of analyzing the traffic we receive at our Web site, we log your domain name and IP address.  For example, if you are an America On-line user, we retain that there was a visit from an AOL user, but we do not know your e-mail address.

### Use of Your Personal Information

  * **JewishGen Discussion Group** :   
If you submit messages to the [JewishGen Discussion Group](https://web.archive.org/web/20090621102621id_/http%3A//www.jewishgen.org/JewishGen/DiscussionGroup.htm), it will include your name and e-mail address. This information is retained in the [Discussion Group archives](https://web.archive.org/wconnect/wc.isa?jg~jgsys~archpop).  JewishGen does not use this information, but we cannot prevent other persons from using it.  In fact, the purpose of the archives is to allow other genealogists to contact you if you have provided information of interest to them.  The JewishGen Discussion Group is also mirrored to the Usenet newsgroup [soc.genealogy.jewish](news:soc.genealogy.jewish), thus all posted messages (which include the name and e-mail address of the poster) are available to those who reads newsgroups.  We have no way of preventing anyone from using this information to contact you. 

  * **JewishGen Family Finder (JGFF)** :   
If you participate in the [JewishGen Family Finder (JGFF)](https://web.archive.org/jgff) project, you provide your name, e-mail address, postal address and telephone number to JewishGen.  When you enter your address data, **you** determine which parts of your address information, if any, will be displayed to other registered users of JewishGen.  In **no** cases will your e-mail address or telephone number ever be displayed.  The information you decide to have displayed can be captured for uses beyond our control, by anyone searching the JGFF.  To maximize your privacy, without lessening your chances of being contacted by someone with the same research interest, you can opt to display only your JewishGen ID Number.

JewishGen may provide JGFF information, on a very limited basis, to other genealogy groups, but only if you have given us explicit permission to do so.  For example, if a group requests a list of all persons with interests in Lithuania, and in our judgement their planned use is to further the interests of Jewish genealogy, we provide such a list.  If we turn down the request, the group is still capable of gathering the names and addresses by capturing your name and address information from the computer screen as described above.

  * **Family Tree of the Jewish People (FTJP)** :   
If you participate in the [Family Tree of the Jewish People (FTJP)](https://web.archive.org/gedcom) by submitting a GEDCOM file, none of your personal contact information is provided to anyone.  If a user searching the FTJP wishes to communicate with you, we forward their initial message to you without giving them your name, email address, or postal address.  It is your decision to reply or not. 

If at any future date JewishGen determines that the FTJP will be used for anything other than personal genealogical pursuits, you will be notified and can then determine if you wish to participate or not.

  * **Contributions** :   
If you contribute money to JewishGen through our [JewishGen-erosity program](https://web.archive.org/JewishGen-erosity), we ask if JewishGen may place your name in the list of contributors displayed on our web site.  You have the option of chosing Yes or No.  If you select Yes, your name will be added to the list of contributors; If you select No, you are listed as 'Anonymous'.  In either case, we do not share any other information you provide to us with any other person or organization.




### External Links

This site contains links to other sites.  JewishGen has no knowledge of the privacy practices or content of such Web sites.

### Contacting JewishGen

If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, your dealings with this site, or if you have been contacted for any reason by another organization or individual, please email to [support@jewishgen.org](mailto:support@jewishgen.org). 

**JewishGen ® is a registered trademark of JewishGen, Inc.**   
Last updated 31 May 2005 by WSB.
