> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the jewishpress.com privacy policy that was archived on 2003-06-02. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20030602014416id_/http%3A//www.jewishpress.com/privacy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# JewishPress.com > Privacy Policy

The web site you have entered is operated by, or on behalf of, THE JEWISH PRESS, Inc. 

**Introduction**   
THE JEWISH PRESS wants to help you make the most of your visit to our web sites, and that includes helping to protect your personal privacy. Most of the features on our web sites are offered without collecting any Personal Information from you. You can surf THE JEWISH PRESS's web sites and view much of our content anonymously. For those areas of our web sites and services that do require us to collect Personal Information, this Privacy Policy will tell you what you need to know to make good decisions for yourself and your family.   
This Privacy Policy discloses when and how we collect, use, share, and safeguard information from this web site. The Personal Information we collect depends on what you do when you visit our sites or use the various products or services we offer. This Privacy Policy also explains what to do if you do not want to provide Personal Information when you visit our web sites, and how to correct or change information you have already provided to us.   
By using this web site, you are agreeing to the terms of this Privacy Policy, as posted in this area of the site. If you do not agree with any terms or practices described in this Privacy Policy, please do not use our web sites.   
As used in this Privacy Policy, "Personal Information" means personally identifiable information, such as your name, street address, telephone number, date of birth and e-mail address. When Personal Information is collected, you will know because you will have to fill out a form on the web site. When you make a purchase, or sign up for a paid service, we will also collect your credit card information as additional Personal Information. We will use credit card information only to complete the transactions you have requested. 

**Children**   
THE JEWISH PRESS is committed to providing special protection for the privacy of children who may visit our web sites. THE JEWISH PRESS is also committed to fully complying with the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act ("COPPA"). We encourage parents to spend time online with their children, become familiar with the features of our web sites and participate in the activities offered on our web sites. Our protections for the privacy of children include the following: - We do not knowingly collect, use or retain any Personal Information, for any purpose whatsoever (including internal or external marketing or promotional purposes), from visitors to this web site who are age 12 or younger. In addition, we will delete any records of such Personal Information that come to our attention. - Since we do not knowingly collect any Personal Information from visitors to this web site who are age 12 or younger, we do not disclose or transfer any such information to third parties. \- We do not request any visitor to provide any information about their family members, friends or other persons. - We do not allow visitors who are age 12 or younger to be listed in any directory of registered users, to participate in any of our chat services, to register for contests, sweepstakes, promotions, or newsletters, or to receive direct marketing from THE JEWISH PRESS or from our third-party affiliates or service or product providers. 

**Special Note to Parents**   
If you become aware that your child has provided us with Personal Information at one of our web sites, we invite you to notify us so that we may delete the information from our records and discontinue any related features or services (see Opt-Out below). We appreciate your cooperation in assisting us to provide a safe and enjoyable online experience for your children.   
Collection of Personal Information THE JEWISH PRESS collects Personal Information from visitors to our web sites in the following ways: \- Subscriptions to our newsletters. - Participation in contests and sweepstakes. - Registrations to receive free downloadable desktop applications (e.g., screensavers). - Registrations to participate in chat services, message boards and the gaming area. \- Registrations to send electronic greeting cards. - E-mail transmitted via various links on our web sites.   
The use of any of these services is entirely optional and voluntary; however, if you do not provide the Personal Information requested, we may elect to not make the related services available for your use. If you send us an e-mail in which you disclose Personal Information, we will use it to discuss the subject of your correspondence and, if appropriate, share it with other interested parties (such as manufacturers of merchandise you have purchased from a web site).   
If you send us an e-mail, you should know that e-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. So, if your communication needs to include sensitive information like your bank account, credit card, or social security number, please contact us by postal mail or telephone (see Contact Us, below) rather than e-mail. **Cookies**   
In order to track your use of the site, THE JEWISH PRESS uses "cookies," which are pieces of information that are sent by web sites and stored in your computer's hard drive. Cookies provide you a service by allowing us to recognize your computer so we can save you from having to re-enter the same data every time you visit our web sites. They also allow us to learn how visitors use our web sites. This user data is aggregated for tracking purposes primarily by tallying pages viewed throughout our web sites and logging Internet Protocol ("IP") addresses and browser types. Aggregated usage data enables us to tailor our content to our visitors' interests and to help our advertisers better understand the preferences of our audience. Providing such usage data to advertisers is essential to keeping as many of our services free to visitors as is reasonably possible. This information does not reveal your identity although, in some cases, we may have to combine this non-identifiable information with Personal Information to enforce compliance with our Terms of Service or to protect our service, web sites, visitors or others. If you do not want to receive cookies, you may set your browser to reject them. However, if you turn cookies off, you will not have access to some of jewishpress.com features and services. **Visitors From Outside the United States**   
All Personal Information collected at our web sites is collected and stored in the United States. By submitting Personal Information to this web site, you are consenting to the storage of your Personal Information in the United States. 

**How We Use Your Information**   
We limit the manner in which your Personal Information is used. We use Personal Information to provide you the products and services you want, to better understand and serve the needs of the THE JEWISH PRESS community, and to provide news and information to community members on new content, products and features of the web sites via direct e-mail. If you have registered with us and do not want to be contacted in the future by THE JEWISH PRESS or our advertising partners, please see Opt-Out below.   
If you order a product or service from us or register for one of our contests, promotions, or interactive services, THE JEWISH PRESS may share Personal Information with service providers, suppliers and other third parties (for example, sweepstakes sponsors or delivery services) that assist us in operating the web sites or providing the products or services. When we share your Personal Information with third parties, they may use your Personal Information to send you information on their additional products or services, but THE JEWISH PRESS does not allow them to sell or transfer your Personal Information to others. We do not otherwise sell or provide your Personal Information to third parties.   
Finally, please note that we will release your Personal Information if required to do so by law, or by search warrant, subpoena or court order. 

**Links to Third Party Web Sites**   
Please be advised that this web site contains certain hyperlinks to other web sites, some of which may display THE JEWISH PRESS's logos or other THE JEWISH PRESS content. These web sites may have privacy policies; however, all of these web sites and their privacy policies are independent of our web sites or this Privacy Policy. THE JEWISH PRESS is not responsible for compliance with other web sites' privacy policies or data collection practices. You should review these privacy policies carefully before providing any Personal Information to these web sites. 

**Limitations on Use of Personal Information**   
We will only use or retain your Personal Information in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy, and only for so long as is needed to fulfill your requests, support the services you have requested, process your orders, or comply with the law. 

**Security of Personal Information**   
We take reasonable precautions to keep your Personal Information secure, including the use of Secure Socket Layer ("SSL") technology to protect credit card information and other Personal Information you provide in connection with purchases, paid subscriptions or other similar transactions. **Opt-Out**   
Any feature on our web sites requiring registration allows you to opt-out from receiving any newsletters, product offers, or other correspondence from either us or our business affiliates. In addition, if after registering, you would no longer like to receive any such materials or correspondence, please send an e-mail to [help@jewishpress.com](mailto:help@jewishpress.com%22) indicating your preference to "unsubscribe," and we will promptly remove you from our list. Please be sure to include your name and e-mail address in the e-mail. You will need to send separate e-mails if you are registered for more than one of our features or services.   
If you believe your child (age 12 or younger) has provided us with Personal Information and/or is receiving access to certain features or services, including marketing communications, we invite you to notify us at [help@jewishpress.com](mailto:help@jewishpress.com%22) so that we may delete such Personal Information and/or discontinue your child's access to the related features or services. **Access/ Correct/ Update Personal Information**   
If you would like to know what Personal Information THE JEWISH PRESS has concerning you, please send an e-mail to [help@jewishpress.com](mailto:help@jewishpress.com%22). We will contact you by mail to verify your identity and provide you the information you request. If you would like to correct or update your Personal Information please send an e-mail to [help@jewishpress.com](mailto:help@jewishpress.com%22). Please be sure to include your old e-mail address. 

**Changes in This Privacy Policy**   
THE JEWISH PRESS reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post those changes here and we will change the "Last Updated" date at the top of this page. We encourage you to visit this area frequently to stay informed.   
Contact Us 

Please write to us at [help@jewishpress.com](mailto:help@jewishpress.com%22) if you have any comments or questions about this Privacy Policy.
