> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the wtfast.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-06-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20160617045215id_/http%3A//www.wtfast.com/pages/privacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy Statement

Last Updated: 16th December 2015

This Privacy Policy ("Policy") sets out how AAA Internet Publishing Inc. trading as WTFast (“WTFast”, "we", "us", "our") collect and process information about you when you visit our website https://www.wtfast.com (the "Website") or use our Gamers Private Network (or "GPN") software service (the "WTFast Service").

  1. Information you give us 
    1. You may give us information, including information that can identify you ("personal information"), when you use our Website, correspond with us, or enter into any of our competitions, promotions or surveys. Where we request information from you, we will collect the information set out in the relevant forms or pages. You may choose to provide additional information to us when you contact us or otherwise interact with us.
    2. If you download and use the WTFast Service you will be required to create an online WTFast account ("Account") before access will be granted. If you are a regular user of our Website but not a user of the WTFast Service, you may also wish to create an Account with us.
    3. The information that you provide when setting up your Account may include your name, email address and telephone number. If you register to hold an Account with us, you will also have a unique username and password which enables you to access your Account.
    4. If you choose to upgrade to a Premium WTFast Account via our Website, we will also collect your delivery address, billing address and payment information. Please note that we will not be storing your payment information, this will be done via a third party payments company (e.g. PayPal or Paymentech).
    5. If you subscribe to receive our newsletter, then you will provide us with your name and email address.
    6. If you contact us via email then we will collect your email address.
    7. The personal information that you provide to us will be used for the purposes made clear to you at the time you submit your information, for example for enabling you to use our Website and subscribing to or accessing the WTFast Service and/or for administrative and troubleshooting purposes. As explained in Section 3.2 below, we may also use this information for further purposes when combined with other data we collect about you.
    8. We and our third party marketing partners may also use the information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. However, you will always be able to opt-out of our marketing at any time (see the "How to opt in or opt out of direct marketing" section below).
  2. Information we collect automatically via the Website 
    1. When you visit our Website, we may automatically collect the following information: your IP address, log-in information, location information, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, information about your visit including the URL clickstream to, through and from our Website, download errors, length of visits to certain pages and page interaction. We collect information automatically through the use of various technologies, including through "cookies", and this is explained further in the "Cookies and other technologies" section below.
    2. We use the information we collect automatically: (i) to administer our Website and the WTFast Service for internal operations including troubleshooting purposes; (ii) to ensure that content from our Website is presented in the most effective manner for you and your devices; (iii) as part of our effort to keep our Website and the WTFast Service safe and secure; (iv) to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; and (v) to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our Website about goods or services that may interest you or them.
  3. Information we receive from other sources (including the WTFast Service) 
    1. We may receive and collect information about you if you use the WTFast Service, including what games you play, when and for how long whilst using the WTFast Service. We use this information for the same reasons set out in paragraph 2.2 above.
    2. We are also working closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers, search information providers, credit reference agencies) and may receive information about you from them (including information that is publicly available).
    3. Where permitted by law, we may combine this information we receive from other sources, including from social media websites, with information you give to us and information we collect about you, including cookie information. We may use this information and the combined information for learning more about your preferences as our customer, for enhancing your user experience on our Website and for providing you with information, content and offerings tailored to your needs.
  4. Cookies and other technologies 
    1. We collect information automatically through the use of "cookies". A cookie is a text file containing small amounts of information that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer as a tag that distinguishes your computer but does not name you. Some of our Website pages use cookies to better serve you when you return to the Website. For information about the specific cookies used on this Website and how you can block or turn off cookies, please refer to our [Cookie Statement](https://web.archive.org/pages/cookie).
  5. Links to other websites and social media 
    1. Where we provide links to other websites, we do so for information purposes only. The other websites are outside our control and are not covered by this Policy. If you access other websites using the links provided, the operators of these websites may collect information from you which will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
    2. On some pages of our Website, third parties that provide content, applications or plug-ins through our Website may track your use of content, applications and plug-ins or customize content, applications and plug-ins for you.  For more information, please refer to our [Cookie Statement](https://web.archive.org/pages/cookie).
  6. Data retention 
    1. We may retain some information after you have closed your WTFast Account with us or stopped using the WTFast Service, for instance if doing so is necessary to meet our legal obligations, such as retaining the information for tax and accounting purposes.
  7. Disclosure of information to third parties 
    1. We may share your information with third parties: (1) when it is necessary to involve a third party service provider in order to facilitate or extend our services; (2) when explicitly requested by you (e.g. with social media networks); (3) when required by a court order or any legal or regulatory requirement; (4) to enforce the terms of use that govern our Website or the WTFast Service; (5) to ensure the safety and security of our users, consumers and third parties; and (6) to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our guests and third parties. We may request your consent to share your personal information with some third parties in other situations not listed above and, in this circumstance, we will only share your personal information with parties for whom you have consented.
    2. In the event that WTFast or substantially all of its assets is purchased by or transferred to another company, some personal information may be an asset that is reviewed and transferred by or to a third party. This means that if a third party buys WTFast, a corporate group member or its assets, then we may disclose information to that third party in connection with the sale. We will make clear to the relevant third party purchaser that it should only use personal information it receives from us for the purposes for which it was originally obtained.


  1. Right to access 
    1. If you have chosen to have an Account then you can access the personal information we hold about you via your Account to obtain a copy of it and to correct, amend, or delete information that is inaccurate. You can also close your Account at any time. If you have forgotten the password for your account, you can reset it at any time by visiting our password reset page at www.wtfast.com/Account/ForgotPassword.
    2. It is your responsibility to ensure that you submit true, accurate and complete information to your Account and keep it up to date.
  2. How to opt in or opt out of direct marketing 
    1. We, and selected third parties, may use the information you give us on our Website for direct marketing purposes to provide updates, newsletters, events or other communications that we think may interest you. Where required by law, your prior consent will be obtained before sending direct marketing. In any event, we will offer you the option to unsubscribe in every communication sent.


  1. Processing of information in the U.S. and elsewhere 
    1. Your personal information may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in other countries, including the United States, whose data protection laws may be different to the laws in your country. In any event, we will ensure your personal information remains adequately protected in accordance with the standards described in this Policy, wherever it is processed.
  2. Security 
    1. We use appropriate technical, organizational and administrative measures to protect any personal information we process about our visitors, our customers and their end users. Transmissions to and from secure areas of our Website are protected using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption.
    2. However, please note that no Internet transmission can ever be guaranteed 100% secure, and so we encourage you to take care when disclosing personal information online and to use readily available tools, such as Internet firewalls, anti-virus and anti-spyware software, and similar technologies to protect yourself online.
    3. Where you have a password, which enables you to access our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password secure and confidential.


  1. Changes to this Policy 
    1. If we change this Policy, we will post those changes on this page in addition to updating the "Last Updated" date at the top of this webpage. If we make material changes, we will notify you more directly, for example by posting a notification or message on the Website and/or in the WTFast Service or by emailing you prior to such changes taking effect. We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy frequently to stay informed of the latest modifications.
  2. Contact us 
    1. This Website is maintained by AAA Internet Publishing Inc. trading as WTFast. If you have a question, concern or complaint about this Policy or our handling of your information, you can contact business@wtfast.com by email on or by post on #201 – 1441 Ellis Street, Kelowna, BC, V1Y 2A3, CANADA.


