> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the bromalite.com privacy policy that was archived on 2009-03-16. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20090316132326id_/http%3A//www.bromalite.com/privacy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Bromalite - All Natural Digestive Wellness

**Privacy Policy** **** (effective 04-03-06)  
Within the Privacy Policy, the operator of this Web site ("Website") will be referred to as "Company", "we" or "us". We are committed to complete permission-based marketing, while safeguarding your privacy online. Please read our privacy policy ("Policy") to understand how your personal information will be treated as submitted on the Website. This Policy also applies to individuals who have agreed to receive email marketing from the Company through opt-in or opt-out registration on another Website. Where we collect your information We collect information in several ways from different parts of the Website. From the visitors to our Website, we track domain, host, and/or Internet Protocol (IP) addresses. Some personally identifiable information is gathered when you register in part or in full for one of our many services or promotions. Registration with the Website is required to participate in any promotions or sweepstakes at the Website. We may allow you to co-register (simultaneous registration with another third party Website and our Website) to participate in some of our services and promotions or those of third party Websites, as well. During registration, we may ask for information such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone numbers and the like. We may also ask you for personally identifiable information at other times, including when you report a problem with the Website. If you contact us, we may keep a record of that correspondence, as well. From time to time, the Company may ask users to complete surveys that we use for research or other purposes. We may also offer users the opportunity to utilize other resources, services, forms, or tools, from which we may also collect your personal information. 

**Cookies**   
As part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, the Company may use cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. In addition, we may use pixel tags (also knows as clear gifs) to track some of the pages you visit on our website.   
Generally, we use cookies to:  
(1) Remind us of who you are and to access your registration preferences to deliver to you a better and more personalized service. Cookies enable us to retain our users preferences on the Website without having to re-enter information every time they access the Website.   
(2) Estimate our audience size. Each browser accessing the Website is given a unique cookie which is then used to determine the extent of repeat usage and to help us communicate with you. This information collected by cookies is sometimes called "clickstream" or "click trail" and may also describe which pages you have seen.   
(3) Measure certain traffic patterns, which areas of the Company web site you have visited, and your visiting patterns in the aggregate. We use this research to understand how our users' habits are similar or different from one another so that we can make each new experience on the Website a better one. We may use this information to better present the content that users will see on our site. 

**Use of personal information**   
By entering a sweepstakes or promotion, registering with our Website, completing any forms on our Website, or by checking or not unchecking co-registration boxes, you grant the Company the right to use the collected information for marketing purposes including, but not limited to, sharing such information with third party advertisers ("Advertisers"), emailing, SMS Message, or physically mailing Company or any third party offers to your email address or postal address. We may also use such information to fulfill prizes, track compliance with the applicable sweepstakes or promotion rules, or for content improvement and feedback purposes. We may share the personal information that you supply to us and we may join together with other businesses to bring selected retail or service opportunities to our user base. These businesses may include providers of direct marketing services and applications, including lookup and reference, data enhancement, suppression and validation. In addition, the Company reserves the right to release current or past user information in the event we believe that the Website is being or has been used in violation of any sweepstakes or promotion rules; to commit unlawful acts; if the information is subpoenaed; if the Company is sold or acquired; or when the Company deems it necessary or appropriate. By agreeing to these terms, you hereby consent to disclosure of any record or communication to any third party when the Company, in its sole discretion, determines the disclosure to be appropriate. We may share Website usage information about our Website visitors who have received targeted promotional campaigns with Advertisers for the purpose of formatting future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. The Company also reserves the right to provide aggregate or group data about our visitors and users for lawful purposes. Aggregate or group data is data that describes the demographics, usage, or characteristics of our participants as a group, without revealing any personally identifiable information. By subscribing to the Website, you agree to allow us to provide such data to third parties. 

**Credit card information**   
To the extent that credit card-specific information is collected at the Website and any of our affiliates and/or subsidiaries, said information will be kept in confidence and will not be shared with any third parties  ** other than our e-commerce partner Reg.Net and** **** **FitFactory** **for processing your transaction** ( **and** consumer credit agencies) without your prior informed consent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company and our affiliates and/or subsidiaries reserve the right to share with third parties the fact that they have credit card information on file for specific users but they will not share specific credit card information with third parties without the user's prior informed consent. 

**How to unsubscribe**   
Users may receive email confirming their registration with the Website, co-registration with Advertisers and subsequent entries in our sweepstakes and games, as well as promotional marketing of products and services under other Company brands or from third parties. To unsubscribe from any Company or Advertiser's email list, please visit the specific website for details on how to unsubscribe or follow unsubscribe instructions which should be included with any email message sent. 

You can unsubscribe [here](https://web.archive.org/rm)

**Disclaimer**   
The Company does not endorse, nor is the Company responsible for the accuracy of or the Advertiser's compliance with, the privacy policies and/or terms and conditions of each of the Advertisers websites. The entities that advertise and/or place banner ads on the Website, including, but not limited to Advertisers, are independent third parties and not affiliated with the Company. 

**Unpermitted use**   
INDIVIDUALS UNDER 18 YEARS OF AGE ARE NOT ALLOWED TO PARTICIPATE IN ANY SWEEPSTAKE OR PROMOTION OFFERED ON OR THROUGH THIS WEBSITE. No information should be submitted to, or posted at this Website by visitors under 18 years of age. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate and monitor the activities of their children. 

**Acceptance of Policy**   
By accessing this Website and/or submitting any information to us, you agree to this policy. We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Policy at any time. All Policy changes will take effect immediately upon their posting on the Website. Therefore, you should check this page regularly to review the in effect Policy at that time. Your continued use of the Website or acceptance of our emails following the posting of changes to this Policy will mean that you accept these changes. If you do not agree to the terms of this Policy, please do not submit any personal information on this or any Company Websites.

**Wireless Policy to add to existing Terms of Use/Privacy Policy**  
We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content and advertising.  In addition to any fee of which you are notified, your provider's standard messaging rates apply to our confirmation and all subsequent SMS correspondence.  You may opt-out and remove your SMS information by sending "STOP", "END", "QUIT" to the SMS text message you have received.  If you remove your SMS information from our database it will no longer be used by us for secondary purposes, disclosed to third parties, or used by us or third parties to send promotional correspondence to you.  For more information on our wireless policy, please visit www.vkmobiledata.com/privacy.html. 

**Detailed Wireless Policy**  
Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS service may include your name, address, cell phone number, your provider's name, and the date, time, and content of your messages.  In addition to any fee of which you are notified, your provider's standard messaging rates apply to our confirmation and all subsequent SMS correspondence.  All charges are billed by and payable to your mobile service provider.  We will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages, as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator.  SMS message services are provided on an AS IS basis.  
We may use personal information to provide the services you've requested, including services that display customized content and advertising.  We may also use personal information for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve our technologies and services.  We may share aggregated and non personal information with third parties outside of Auction Monster. When we use third parties to assist us in processing your personal information, we require that they comply with our Privacy Policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.  We may also share information with third parties in limited circumstances, including when complying with legal process, preventing fraud or imminent harm, and ensuring the security of our network and services.   
You may remove your information from our database. If you remove your information from our database it will no longer be used by us for secondary purposes, disclosed to third parties, or used by us or third parties to send promotional correspondence to you. You may remove your information by sending your request in writing via email to [support@karaktr.com](mailto:support@karaktr.com) or by sending  "STOP", "END", "QUIT" to the SMS text message you have received. 
