> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the brookstone.com privacy policy that was archived on 2006-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20060619201641id_/http%3A//www.brookstone.com/service/service.asp%3Fcust_serv_id%3D201%26cmid%3Dftr_privacy%26cm_re%3DA_Ftr%2AMisc%2APrivacy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Brookstone.com - 1-866-576-7337

|  |  |   
Brookstone respects the privacy needs and concerns of our customers. It is our goal to provide you with an enjoyable and satisfying shopping experience, and to meet and exceed your expectations. To accomplish this goal we use the information our customers provide in the following ways: 
* When you visit our web site, we automatically recognize your Internet service provider, the Web page from which you came, and a record of your activity on our site. The customer information that Brookstone collects through its web site is used to process orders and to improve your shopping experience. 
* We use the information you share with us to improve your shopping experience by allowing us to make our Web site easier and more enjoyable to use. The information you volunteer enables us to process your purchases, confirm your orders, customize the content and layout of our pages, notify you about updates to our site, and provide you with additional information about our products. 
* The information you supply to us is added to our customer database. We may also send you catalogs or emails to inform you of new products, services and special offers, special promotions or upcoming events for Brookstone, Hard to Find Tools, and Gardeners Eden. If you do not want to receive such mailings or e-mails from Brookstone, Hard to Find Tools, or Gardeners Eden, please [click here](https://web.archive.org/web/20060619201641id_/http%3A//www.brookstone.com/service/contact_us.asp?cust_serv_id=0). 
* We may also share names, addresses and/or e-mail addresses of our registered Web site guests with other contractors that Brookstone may hire to assist us in making improvements to the site. Brookstone requires that such companies keep all such information confidential and use it solely for the purpose of making improvements to the site. 
* We do occasionally share name, address and/or e-mail address information with other catalog companies that offer similar products. In rare instances, Brookstone may share information with marketing partners with customer approval. We will not share any personal financial information. If you are on our catalog mailing list, or order from one of our catalogs, and would prefer not to have your name shared with other catalog companies, please [click here](https://web.archive.org/web/20060619201641id_/http%3A//www.brookstone.com/service/contact_us.asp?cust_serv_id=0) and ask that your name not be shared. If you are on one of our catalog mailing lists, or order from one of our catalogs, and would prefer not to have your name added to the mailing lists for Brookstone's other catalogs (Brookstone, Hard to Find Tools, and Gardeners Eden), please [click here](https://web.archive.org/web/20060619201641id_/http%3A//www.brookstone.com/service/contact_us.asp?cust_serv_id=0) and ask that your name not be added to our other catalogs' mailing lists. 
* From time to time we may present offers to you on behalf of third party partners. If you decide to take advantage of an offer, we may share your name, address and credit card information as necessary for you to participate in the offer but only with your specific consent. 
* From time to time, we may modify or amend this privacy and security policy in order to comply with new laws or regulations or to reflect future changes in our business practices. All such modifications and amendments to the privacy and security policy shall be posted here in the Customer Service section of www.brookstone.com. The current policy has been in effect since December 22, 2004. 

Brookstone has taken measures to ensure that shopping at Brookstone.com is a safe and enjoyable experience for our valued customers. We use Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) to encrypt your personal credit information, including your credit card number, before it travels over the Internet. SSL technology is the industry standard for secure online transactions. Because we use SSL, placing an order online is just as safe as giving your credit card number over the telephone. 

Cookies:  
A cookie is a small piece of information that web sites use to remember information about users. Brookstone uses two types of cookies to recognize our members and remember shopping list items. Brookstone uses transient cookies to provide continuity from page to page. Within a single visit, these cookies store information such as your shopping list to simplify checkout. They do not contain any personally identifying information. 

Brookstone also uses persistent cookies to identify members after their first visit. These cookies remain on the hard drive of a PC and allow a user to enter our site without having to log in on every visit. To access any secure areas such as your account information or checkout, you must still enter your password. 

Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Use  
Copyright © 2004 Brookstone Company, Inc., All Rights Reserved.   
One Innovation Way; Merrimack, New Hampshire 03054 

|   
---|---|---|---|---
