> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the oxyshopping.com privacy policy that was archived on 2012-05-27. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20120527162218id_/http%3A//www.oxyshopping.com/privacy_policy.php) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# About us :: OxyShopping.com

By visiting the Oxyshopping.com website, you agree to accept the practices described in this Privacy Notice. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Notice, please do not use the Site. Each time you use the Site, you should check the date of this Privacy Notice (which appears above) and review any changes that have been made since your last visit to the Site. 

Throughout Oxyshopping.com's years of operation, we have developed relationships with our customers based on respect and integrity. We're aware of the trust and confidence you demonstrate when you visit the Site and provide us with information. This Privacy Notice is posted to demonstrate our leadership in online security and customer service practices. We treat your information with the same honesty and sensitivity that we have displayed throughout our company's history.

**1\. Personal Information Collected By Oxyshopping.com**   
Oxyshopping.com uses information that we collect from our visitors and customers to personalize and improve your visit and shopping experience at the Site. We gather the following types of information:  
**Information You Give to Us:** We Collect Personal Information that is provided by Site users. "Personal Information" includes your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, and IP address. Personal Information is collected when you establish an account with us, place an order on the Site, participate in a contest, sweepstakes or on-line survey, or when you communicate with any of our departments such as customer service, sales or technical services through the Site, telephone, mail or fax. In some instances, we may obtain other people's names and email addresses that you may choose to provide as part of our "email a friend" feature.  
**Web Beacons:** We (or service providers on our behalf) may collect information from visits to the Site through the use of "Web Beacons." Web Beacons are web page elements which may employ cookie technology that enable us to record data about visits to the Site. This information is sometimes known as "clickstream data." We may use this data to analyze trends and statistics to improve your online experience or our customer service. No Personal Information is collected through the use of Web Beacons on the Site.  
**Cookies:** Through the use of cookies, we may also collect and analyze the IP address used to connect your computer to the Internet; computer and connection information such as your browser type and version; operating system. You can generally set your browser to reject cookies or to notify you when you are sent a cookie. Software is also available from third parties which will allow you to visit the Site without providing this information. You are welcome to use the Site if you use such software but we will not be able to offer you our personalized services and we will be unable to accept any online customer request from you.   
**Email Newsletter Subscriptions:** If you request an email newsletter subscription, we will send you an email confirming your request. This confirmation process allows you to unsubscribe if you change your mind and decide not to join the list. Furthermore, the confirmation email will alert you if someone else has entered your email address into our email newsletter subscription list. In order to make our email newsletters more relevant and useful to you, our servers may receive a confirmation when you open an email message from Oxyshopping.com.

**2\. Use of Information Collected By Use**  
We use this information in an effort to improve your experience on the Site, to provide services to you and to communicate with you about information that you request. We may also use this information to help us target specific offers to you, to help us develop and improve our Site, and to tailor our Site to your interests. 

**3\. Sharing of Information with Third Parties**  
We will not rent, sell or otherwise disclose your Personal Information to unrelated third parties without your consent, except as stated in this Privacy Notice.   
**Service Providers:** We may employ other companies or individuals to provide certain services to or on behalf of us such as analyzing customer lists and data, or performing marketing or consulting services. These third parties ("Service Providers") will only have access to the information needed to perform these limited functions on our behalf and are required to provide your Personal Information with at least the same level of protection and security as we use on the Site. Such Service Providers are prohibited from using your Personal Information for any purpose other than that for which such party was engaged by us and/or as stated in this Privacy Notice. Any Service Providers that use data received from us may only do so in accordance with this Privacy Notice.   
**Links to Third Party Site:** The Site contains certain links to third party websites, such as our vendors. We are not responsible or liable for the privacy practices or content found on these websites. We recommend that you check the privacy notice of each website you visit. Links to third party websites are provided solely for your convenience and any submission of data to such websites shall be at your sole risk.   
**Law Enforcement and Protection of Users:** To the extent permitted by law, we will disclose Personal Information to government authorities or third parties pursuant to a legal request, subpoena or other legal process. We may also use or disclose your information as permitted by law to perform charge verifications, report or collect debts owed, fight fraud or protect our rights or property as well as those of our affiliates, customers, or its users. You should be aware that, following disclosure to any third party, your Personal Information may be accessible by others to the extent permitted or required by applicable law. 

**4\. Children and Privacy**  
The Site is a general audience website and is not directed to children under the age of 18. We will never knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 18 without verifiable parental consent. If you are under the age of 18, please do not provide us with personally identifiable information of any kind whatsoever. If we become aware that a user is under the age of 18 and has submitted Personal Information without verifiable parental consent, we will remove his or her personally identifiable information from our files. We understand that children may not fully understand all of the provisions of this Privacy Notice or make informed decisions about the choices that are made available to adult users of the Site. We encourage parents and guardians to spend time with their children online and to be familiar with the websites they visit. Oxyshopping.com does not sell products to persons under the age of 18. If you are under the age of 18, you are required seek the consent of your parent or guardian to purchase products from the Site. 

**5\. Contact Information**  
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Notice, please e-mail us at info@oxyshopping.com 
