> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rohde-schwarz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2016-10-11. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20161011031654id_/https%3A//www.rohde-schwarz.com/us/general-information/statement-of-privacy_101515.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Statement of Privacy - Rohde & Schwarz United States

The companies of the ROHDE & SCHWARZ group of companies (hereinafter respectively referred to as Rohde & Schwarz) are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy. This statement informs you about the data protection practices on Rohde & Schwarz websites, including what type of data is gathered on these websites, how the data is used and with whom the data is shared.

In general, you can visit and browse through the Rohde & Schwarz websites without revealing any personal data. Rohde & Schwarz does, however, collect the information provided by your Internet provider, in particular your IP address. This information is analyzed in anonymous form for statistical purposes.

Rohde & Schwarz by default also automatically collects anonymous information from your visits to its websites to provide you with improved service. For example, Rohde & Schwarz saves information on the domains from which you visit the websites of Rohde & Schwarz, your IP address and your activities on the websites of Rohde & Schwarz. Rohde & Schwarz analyzes this information, however in a manner that ensures, and does not affect, the anonymity of the information. This anonymous information is used and analyzed only at an aggregate level to help Rohde & Schwarz understand trends and patterns and improve its website. None of this information is analyzed at a personalized level.

Rohde & Schwarz may collect the anonymous information through the use of various technologies, including, in particular, cookies. A cookie is an element of data that a website can send to your browser, and which may then be stored on your computer system. You can set your browser to inform you when a cookie is received, thus enabling you to decide whether to accept it or not.

Furthermore, Rohde & Schwarz uses its websites to collect only such personal data that you have explicitly and voluntarily made available. In some cases, for example, Rohde & Schwarz may require certain information from you, such as your name and (e-mail) address, in order to contact you, react to an order, provide you with a subscription, or as described in the respective sections of the website where your personal data is collected. It may also be necessary to transfer your personal data to service provider companies in order to carry out data processing services for Rohde & Schwarz. This includes, but is not limited to, answering your questions about products or services, or processing event registrations or orders. All service provider companies are committed to applicable data protection regulations by Rohde & Schwarz.

Once you have disclosed your personal data, Rohde & Schwarz (and, where applicable, its service provider companies) shall process this data exclusively for the purposes of pursuing the business relationship with you or for other purposes that are either stated on the Rohde & Schwarz website or have been agreed otherwise. Rohde & Schwarz shall provide its service provider companies only with such data as they will need for performing their services. The use of the data for purposes other than those set out above is prohibited, or permitted only with your consent. Rohde & Schwarz do not sell your personal data, which you have forwarded to us.

Your personal data shall be treated strictly in accordance with the applicable data protection provisions in the country in which the body responsible for data processing (controller) is based. Furthermore, Rohde & Schwarz has implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures, such as using encryption for transmission, in order to keep your data secure, current and complete and to protect it from unauthorized access by third parties.

Once you are registered at Rohde & Schwarz, you may check, correct, cancel or oppose to the use of your personal data that has been collected via the Rohde & Schwarz websites and processed at Rohde & Schwarz. To do so, please do not hesitate to send an [e-mail to the webmaster](mailto:webmaster@rohde-schwarz.com?subject=Statement%20of%20privacy:%20check%20personal%20information%20disclosed).

The Rohde & Schwarz websites may contain links to other websites. This statement of privacy does not cover these other websites and Rohde & Schwarz cannot assume any responsibility whatsoever, neither for the privacy practices nor the content of these other websites.
