> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the rohmhaas.com privacy policy that was archived on 2007-12-30. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20071230023608id_/http%3A//www.rohmhaas.com/wcm/privacy.page) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Rohm and Haas Privacy Statement

Rohm and Haas Company Privacy Statement

Rohm and Haas respects the privacy of visitors to our websites.  In order for you to feel comfortable that your privacy will be maintained throughout your visit to our website, and as you do business with our Company on-line, we have organized our sites so that you will not be required to identify yourself or reveal any personal information in order to view our websites.  At times, we may ask you to provide information about yourself or your company in order to better serve you.  If you choose to provide this personally identifiable information, we will use it in accordance with this Statement.  We provide this Privacy Statement to answer some of the questions you may have about the types of information we may collect from our websites and what we may do with that information.  By entering this website, you are consenting to the terms of this Privacy Statement.

**What information do we collect?**  
We understand that you expect to learn about our products and services when you visit our websites.  Similarly, we hope to learn about your needs as our customer through your visits to our websites in order to better develop products and services that meet your needs.  Thus, we may ask you about the nature of your business, particular projects you are working on, what you plan to use our products for, and various other demographic information.  On some of our web pages, you may be able to ask questions and register to receive information.  On these pages, we will ask you for the personal information necessary for us to respond to you, such as your name and contact information.  You may decide against participating in data collection by not sending us information which you consider private.

We use "cookies" on our websites to help you use our services more easily, and to help us to keep track of certain statistical information so that we can continuously improve our website and our service to you.  A "cookie" is a small data file that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your hard drive to help our website "remember" information about you when you return to our website, such as your preferences for our sites and user passwords.  Our cookies cannot read data off of your hard drive, cannot read cookie files created by other websites or track any personal information about you.  You may be able to set your browser to erase a cookie, block a cookie or notify you when you receive a cookie.

**What do we do with this information?**  
We will use the information that you provide us to better understand your needs and to provide you with better products and services.  At the most basic level, we will use information you provide to communicate with you, to update you on our products and services, and to personalize our websites for you.  We may also share with our business associates data about the number and frequency of visitors to our websites and the manner in which customers use our websites.  Additionally, we may share with our business associates, affiliates and corporate transaction partners (for instance, merger partners) information about you in order to provide better products and services.  Periodically, we may survey you about your use of products for other market research, or to provide you with marketing information we think will be useful to you.  Of course, you need not participate in these surveys or accept this marketing information.

Except as set forth in this Privacy Statement, we will not, without your permission, give, sell or provide to others for a fee the information which you provide to us.  We will always ask for and obtain your permission before sharing your personal information with anyone other than Rohm and Haas affiliates, business associates or corporate transaction partners, unless we believe in good faith the law supports disclosure even without your consent.

**How can you be sure the information you provide is accurately maintained?**  
The information you provide helps us to develop better products and services and we take seriously the obligation to maintain it accurately. If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, or if you have or another person has submitted personally identifiable information about you through this website, and you would like to have that information deleted from our marketing databases, please contact us using our [webmaster feedback form](https://web.archive.org/wcm/contact.page) or Rohm and Haas Company, Law Department, 100 Independence Mall West, Philadelphia, PA  19106-2399.  You may also contact us through either of the above methods if you would like to see the personally identifiable information Rohm and Haas has collected about you through this website.  We will do our best to accommodate your requests.

**Will your information be secure?**  
Rohm and Haas recognizes that visitors to its websites naturally will be concerned about the security of their information, and we are committed to employing reasonable technology in order to protect the security of this website, but even with the best technology, no website is 100% secure.  We will take reasonable measures which we believe are appropriate to protect your information from loss, misuse, alteration or destruction, and, where possible, will try to ensure that any third parties to whom we may transfer your information take appropriate steps to protect its security.

**Hyperlinks**  
We may provide you with hyperlinks to non-Rohm and Haas affiliated websites.  Please be aware that we cannot guarantee or vouch for the data collection practices of such other websites.  We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements for those linked websites.

**The Privacy of Children**  
Rohm and Haas has no intention of collecting any personally identifiable information from individuals under 13 years of age.  Where appropriate, Rohm and Haas will specifically instruct children not to submit such information on our websites.  If a child has provided us with personally identifiable information, a parent or guardian of that child may request that the information be deleted from our records by contacting using our [webmaster feedback form](https://web.archive.org/wcm/contact.page) or Rohm and Haas Company, Law Department, 100 Independence Mall West, Philadelphia, PA  19106-2399.

**Revisions to Privacy Statement**  
We may change this Privacy Statement from time to time.  Please check our website for any changes to this Statement, or if you have any questions, you may [contact us](https://web.archive.org/wcm/contact.page) directy, or write Rohm and Haas Company, Law Department, 100 Independence Mall West, Philadelphia, PA  19106-2399.

Individual Rohm and Haas websites may have privacy statements tailored specifically for activity on those sites, and the terms of those statements may differ to some extent from this Privacy Statement.
