> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the beqrious.com privacy policy that was archived on 2013-05-17. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20130517194200id_/http%3A//beqrious.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy

We at [BeQRious.com](http://beqrious.com/), [QRcodetracking.com](http://qrcodetracking.com/) and any other website that BeQRious manages (Sites) have created this privacy policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to protecting your personal information and informing you about how we handle it. This privacy policy only applies to transactions and activities in which you engage, and data gathered on the Sites. Please review this privacy policy periodically as we may modify it from time to time. This privacy policy was last revised on March 13, 2008. Each time you visit the Sites or provide us with information, by doing so you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy at that time. 

## Cookies

Like most Websites, the Sites uses cookies to keep track of your purchases and other activity on the Sitess and enhance your experience on the Site. We also use cookies to save your password, and if you choose, to save other personal and financial information so you do not have to reenter it each time you visit the Sites. If you wish to disable these cookies, the “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how. However, if you set your browser to disable cookies, you may not be able to access certain areas on the Sites. 

## How We Use Personal Information:

We use your email address and your other personal information to help us efficiently operate the Sites, to contact you in connection with your transactions and other activities on the Sites (including, but not limited to, confirmation emails or important news that could affect your relationship with Sites). These types of communications are known as “Operational Communications.” We may also send you text messages to the phone numbers listed on your account. These text messages may contain important information about your account. To operate the Sites, including processing your transactions and supporting your activities on the Sites, we may share your personal information with our agents, representatives, contractors and service providers so they can provide us with support services such as authorization of credit card transactions, email and text message origination, receipt or support services, customer relationship management services, and order fulfillment. We require these entities not to use your information for any other purpose. Corporate Offices 3410 Midcourt #119 Carrollton, TX 75006 (888) 500-14 Any third party with whom we are allowed to share your personal information is authorized to use your personal information in accordance with our contractual arrangements with such third parties and in accordance with their own privacy policies, over which we have no control, and you agree that we are not responsible or liable for any of their actions or omissions. Those who contact you will need to be instructed directly by you regarding your preferences for the use of your personal information by them. 

## How We Use Financial Information

We use your financial information to check your qualifications and to bill you for products and services. By making a purchase, or engaging in any other kind of activity or transaction that uses financial information, on the Site, you consent to our providing your financial information to our service providers and to such third parties as we determine are necessary to support and process your activities and transactions, as well as to your credit card issuer for their purposes. These third parties may include the credit card companies and banking institutions used to process and support the transaction or activity. By purchasing, or registering or making reservations for, products or services of third parties offered on the Sites, or by participating in programs offered on the Sites that are administered by third parties and that require you to submit financial information in order to use them, you also consent to our providing your financial information to those third parties. Additionally, you agree that we may use and disclose all such information so submitted to such third parties in the same manner in which we are entitled to use and disclose any other information that you submit to us. 
