> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the xxl-sale.com privacy policy that was archived on 2017-06-06. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20170606135505id_/http%3A//www.xxl-sale.com/privacy-policy.html) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# xxl-sale.com - Price Comparison, test reports and product ratings on XXL-Sale.com. Find the best prices now! - Legal

## Privacy

Generally, it is possible to use our website without providing personal data. If personal data (e.g. name, address or email-addresses) are collected on our site, this always occurs - provided that it is possible - on a voluntary basis. 

If you register with us as a user, all activity is publicly labelled with your username. Published comments (“quotes”), any specified place of residence and lists of observed offers (“collections”) are thus perceptible to other users and publicly visible. This data can also be collected by search engines (e.g. Google) and is then potentially perceptible to all internet users. The linking of the user with other users and/or their collections (“following”, “follower”) is also publicly visible. In addition, the user is provided with the opportunity to publish their photograph and this is also visibly displayed, together with their username, to other users. 

The targeted distribution of your data to third parties does not take place. 

We would like to point out that the transfer of data via the internet (e.g. communication by email) may present security issues. It is not possible to completely protect data from being accessed by third parties. 

We hereby expressly object to the use by third parties of the contact data published within our obligatory legal notice in order to transmit advertisements which are not expressly requested. The operators of the site expressly reserve the right to take legal steps in the event that advertising information is sent without request, such as by spam email. 

**Privacy statement for the use of Facebook plugins (like button)**

Plugins from the social network, Facebook, 1601 South California Avenue, Palo Alto, CA 94304, USA are integrated in our website. The Facebook plugins recognise you by the Facebook logo or the “like button" on our site. You will find an overview of Facebook plugins here: <http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/>.  
When you visit our site, a direct link is made between your browser and the Facebook server via the plugin. Facebook thereby receives the information that you have visited our site with your IP address. If you click on the Facebook “like button” whilst you are logged into your Facebook account, you can link the content of our site on your Facebook profile. Facebook can thereby associate the visit to our site with your user account. We would like to point out that, as the site’s provider, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted or of how it is used by Facebook. You will find further information on this subject in Facebook’s privacy statement at [ http://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php](http://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php)

If you would not like Facebook to be able to associate your visit to our site with your Facebook user account, please log out of your Facebook user account.

**Privacy statement for the use of Google Analytics**

This website uses Google Analytics, a web analysis service provided by Google Inc. ("Google"). Google Analytics uses so-called "cookies", text files saved on your computer which enable the use of the website by you to be analysed. The information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is normally transmitted to a Google server in the US and saved there. However, in the event that IP anonymisation is activated on this website, Google truncates your IP address in advance within the member states of the European Union or in other states who are party to the Agreement on the European Economic Area. 

Only in exceptional circumstances will the full IP address be sent to a Google server in the US and truncated there. Google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to analyse your use of the website, compile reports about website activity and provide the website operator with further services in connection with the use of the website and the internet. The IP address transmitted by your browser for the purposes of Google Analytics will not be brought together with other data from Google.

You can prevent cookies from being saved by setting up your browser software accordingly; we would like to point out, however, that in this event you may not be able to use all of this website’s functions fully. In addition, you can prevent Google from collecting the data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your IP address), as well as from processing this data, by downloading and installing the browser plugin under the following link: <http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de>. 

**Privacy statement for the use of Google AdSense**

This website uses Google AdSense, a service to integrate Google Inc. (“Google”) adverts. Google AdSense uses so-called “cookies”. These are text files that are saved on your computer and enable website usage to be analysed. Google AdSense also uses so-called web beacons (invisible graphics). These web beacons allow information, such as the visitor traffic on this website, to be analysed.

The information generated by cookies and web beacons about the use of this website (including your IP address) and the delivery of advertising formats is transmitted to a Google server in the US and saved there. This information can be passed on by Google to Google’s contractual partners. However, Google will not bring your IP address together with other information saved from you.

You can prevent cookies from being installed by setting up your browser software accordingly; we would like to point out, however, that in this event you may not be able to use all of this website’s functions fully. By using this website you declare that you agree to the processing of the data collected about you by Google, in the manner and for the purposes described above.

_Source references:[eRecht24 Facebook Datenschutzerklärung](http://www.e-recht24.de/artikel/datenschutz/6590-facebook-like-button-datenschutz-disclaimer.html), [Google Analytics Datenschutzerklärung](http://www.google.com/intl/de_ALL/analytics/tos.html), [Datenschutzerklärung für Google Adsense](http://www.e-recht24.de/artikel/datenschutz/6635-datenschutz-rechtliche-risiken-bei-der-nutzung-von-google-analytics-und-googleadsense.html)_

**Privacy statement for the use of Criteo Retargeting**

With the aid of technology from Criteo GmbH, information about the surfing behaviour of visitors to the website is collected and saved by this website in anonymised and/or pseudonymised form for the purposes of marketing and the constant improvement of services. This data is saved with the help of so-called “cookie” text files on your computer. Criteo analyses surfing behaviour using an algorithm and can then display targeted product recommendations as personalised advertising banners on other websites. In no circumstances can this data be used to personally identify the visitor to this website. The data collected is used solely for the purpose of improving offers. It will not be used for any other purpose or passed on to third parties. The information ascertained from the offers does not contain any personal data. Criteo ascertains the data in pseudonymised form. You can object to the fully pseudonymised analysis of your surfing behaviour by clicking on the following link: <http://www.criteo.com/de/datenschutzrichtlinien>. You can find further information about Criteo’s technology at: <http://www.criteo.com/de/datenschutzrichtlinie>

**Data protection declaration for the use of newsletters**

If you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on our website, we will need an email address from you. You can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time without charge via the link provided in the newsletter. 
