> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the basenotes.net privacy policy that was archived on 2010-10-31. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20101031193509id_/http%3A//www.basenotes.net/content/39-Privacy-Policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Basenotes - Privacy Policy

<p><strong>Basenotes </strong> has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for this Web site: <a href="http://www.basenotes.com"> Basenotes </a> </p><div id="ipdet" class="section"> <h2> Information Automatically Logged </h2> <p> We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is also used to gather broad demographic information. <em> </em>This helps us create a website that is suitable for evreyones use. </p></div><div id="reg" class="section"> <h2>*</h2><h2>Cookies</h2><p> We do use cookies to store information, such as your personal preferences when you visit our site.* This could include only showing you a popup once in your visit, or the ability to login to some of our features, such as forums. </p><p>We also use third party advertisements on basenotes.net to support our site.* Some of these advertisers may use technology such as cookies and web beacons when they advertise on our site, which will also send these advertisers (such as Google through the Google AdSense program) information including your IP address, your ISP , the browser you used to visit our site, and in some cases, whether you have Flash installed.* This is generally used for geotargeting purposes (showing New York real estate ads to someone in New York, for example) or showing certain ads based on specific sites visited (such as showing cooking ads to someone who frequents cooking sites).</p> <p>You can chose to disable or selectively turn off our cookies or third-party cookies in your browser settings, or by managing preferences in programs such as Norton Internet Security.* However, this can affect how you are able to interact with our site as well as other websites.* This could include the inability to login to services or programs, such as logging into forums or accounts.</p><p>While we use cookies in other parts of our Web site, cookies received with banner ads are collected by our ad company, and we do not have access to this information. </p><p>*</p><h2> Registration Forms </h2> <p> Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name, email, and postal address). </p> <p> Contact information from the registration forms is used to send information about our company and the fragrance and grooming industry. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the customer when necessary. </p> <p> Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings. </p></div><div id="survey" class="section"> <h2> Surveys </h2> <p> Our online surveys ask visitors for contact information (like email address). </p> <p> Contact information from the surveys is used to send information about our company and the fragrance and grooming industry. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. </p> <p> Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings. </p></div><div id="contests" class="section"> <h2> Contests </h2> <p> We sometimes run contests on our site in which we ask visitors for contact information (like email address). </p> <p> Contact information from the contests is used to send prizes, information about our company and the fragrance and grooming industry. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. </p> <p> Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings.</p></div><div id="linkothers" class="section"> <h2> External Links </h2> <p> This site contains links to other sites. <strong> Basenotes </strong> is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites. </p></div><div id="cobranded" class="section"> </div><div id="pforum" class="section"> <h2>Public Forums </h2> <p> This site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. </p></div><div id="optout" class="section"> <p>*</p></div><h2> Contacting the Web Site </h2><p> If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can <a href="/sendmessage.php">contact us here</a>. </p>

**Log in or register**

You need to log in to be able to leave a comment, post or review. If you have a basenotes account, you can log in at the top of this page.

If you do not have an account, you can [register here](http://www.basenotes.net/register.php). It only takes a few minutes and is free.
