> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the basicagency.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-04-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190424090253id_/https%3A//basicagency.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Your Privacy | BASIC™ | Privacy Policy

**4.** **     ** **Information We Automatically Collect**.

We automatically collect certain non-personal information to help us understand how our users use the Service (which we will refer to in this Privacy Policy, collectively, as “Usage Data”).  For example, each time you use the Site we may automatically collect the type of Web browser you use, your operating system, your Internet Service Provider, your IP address, the pages you view, and the time and duration of your visits to the Site.  This anonymous usage information may be associated with your username and account, but we do not disclose the associated information to third parties.  We use this information to help us understand how people use the Site, and to enhance the services we offer. 

Cookies and Web Beacons.  We use cookies (a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer and browser).  We may also use Web beacons (an electronic file placed on a Web site that monitors usage).  We do not use cookies or Web beacons to collect Personal Information.  Most Web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies.  You can reset your Web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.  Some of our Service Providers may use their own cookies and Web beacons in connection with the services they perform on our behalf.

Do Not Track.  The Site does not respond to web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide consumers the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of Personal Information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time.  Visit [www.donottrack.us](http://www.donottrack.us/) to find out more about “do not track.”

We may work with third party advertising companies that may use information about your use of the Site in order to provide information to us about how they are used and to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you, including our own services, on third-party websites.  From the Site, these companies may place or recognize a unique cookie on your computer or use other technologies such as web beacons or pixel tags.  Our Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that a third party ad serving company may collect from you.  For more information about ad cookies and companies that provide users the ability to “opt-out” of the collection of information from such cookies, please click here:  <<http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp>>.
