> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the nulledscriptsz.com privacy policy that was archived on 2011-06-19. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20110619025923id_/http%3A//nulledscriptsz.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Privacy Policy | Download Nulled Scripts

Your Privacy  
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way it collects and uses your information. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personal information may be required.

Google Adsense and the DoubleClick DART Cookie  
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website as well as other sites on the internet.

To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the url<http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html> Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google  own privacy policies.

To opt out of the DART cookies you please visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the url <http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html> Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanism are subject to Google own privacy policies.

Other third-party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to track user activities on this site to measure advertising effectiveness and other factors that will be delivered in their own privacy policies, nulled Download Scripts has no access or control over these cookies that can be used by others(third party).

**Collection of Personal Information**  
During the visit Nulled Scriptsz download the IP address used to access the site are recorded and the dates and times of access. This information is purely used to analyze trends, administer the site, track users movements and gather broad demographic information for internal use. More importantly, all registered IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.

Links to third party Websites  
We have included links on this site for your use and reference. We are not responsible for the privacy policies on these websites. You should be aware that the privacy policies of these sites may differ from our own.

Changes to this Privacy Statement  
The contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion.

If you have any questions regarding the privacy policy of Nulled Scriptsz Download then you may contact us at [vlalithaa@gmail.com](mailto:vlalithaa@gmail.com). The Source available in this website is collected from different resources. If you find any of copy righted content please inform us to the mail id : [vlalithaa@gmail.com](mailto:vlalithaa@gmail.com). we will remove the content as soon as possible.

This privacy policy was generated by the [Easy Privacy Policy](http://europeancruiseadvisor.com/ "Easy Privacy Policy homepage") plugin for WordPress.

Last updated Wed, 07 oct  2010 15:15
