> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the flstudiomusic.com privacy policy that was archived on 2019-06-24. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20190624195037id_/https%3A//www.flstudiomusic.com/privacy-policy) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# privacy policy

_Effective date: May 17, 2018_

FLStudioMusic (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the www.flstudiomusic.com website (the “Service”).

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Service and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, accessible from www.flstudiomusic.com

## Definitions

 **Personal Data**  
Personal Data means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

 **Usage Data**  
Usage Data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

 **Cookies**  
Cookies are small pieces of data stored on a User’s device.

 **Data Controller**  
Data Controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.

For the purpose of this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.

 **Data Processor (or Service Providers)**  
Data Processor (or Service Provider) means any person (other than an employee of the Data Controller) who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller.

We may use the services of various Service Providers in order to process your data more effectively.

 **Data Subject**  
Data Subject is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

 **User**  
The User is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

## Information Collection And Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

## Types of Data Collected

### Personal Data

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

  * Name
  * Email address
  * Cookies and Usage Data



We may use your Personal Data in the following ways:

  * To follow up with them after correspondence;
  * In order to answer questions about our website.



### Comment Forms

When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.

An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: <https://automattic.com/privacy/>. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment. We do not use the information submitted through any comment form for marketing purposes.

#### Akismet anti-spam service

We collect information about visitors who comment on Sites that use our Akismet anti-spam service. The information we collect depends on how the User sets up Akismet for the Site, but typically includes the commenter’s IP address, user agent, referrer, and Site URL (along with other information directly provided by the commenter such as their name, username, email address, and the comment itself).

### Contact Forms

When a visitor contacts us via our website, we collect the data shown in the contact form for customer service purposes. We do not use the information submitted through any contact form for marketing purposes.

### Usage Data

We may also collect information on how the Service is accessed and used (“Usage Data”). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

### Tracking & Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

Read our Cookie Declaration here: <https://www.flstudiomusic.com/cookie-declaration>.

## Use of Data

FLStudioMusic uses the collected data for various purposes:

  * To provide and maintain the Service
  * To provide support
  * To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Service
  * To monitor the usage of the Service
  * To detect, prevent and address technical issues



## Retention of Data

FLStudioMusic will retain your information only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this policy. FLStudioMusic will retain and use your information to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your information to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. We also retain log files (Usage Data) for internal analysis purposes. These log files are generally retained for a short period of time, except where they are used for website security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain them for longer time periods.

## Transfer Of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

FLStudioMusic will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

## Disclosure Of Data

### Legal Requirements

FLStudioMusic may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

  * To comply with a legal obligation;
  * To protect and defend the rights or property of FLStudioMusic;
  * To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service;
  * To protect the personal safety of users of the Service or the public;
  * To protect against legal liability.



## Security Of Data

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Your Rights

If you have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes. Please note we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests. If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us here: <http://www.flstudiomusic.com/wiki#contact>.

## Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used – so long as those parties agree to keep your Personal Data confidential.

### Google Analytics (Analytics)

Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

You can opt-out of having made your activity on the Service available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on. The add-on prevents the Google Analytics JavaScript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with Google Analytics about visits activity.

Visit Google Privacy & Terms web page: <http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/>

### Google Adsense (Advertising)

We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.

Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our Service. Google’s use of the DoubleClick cookie enables it and its partners to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our Service or other websites on the Internet.

You may opt out of the use of the DoubleClick Cookie for interest-based advertising by visiting the Google Ads Settings web page: <http://www.google.com/ads/preferences/>

## Links To Other Sites

Our Service contains links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

### Affiliate Links

Our website contains affiliate marketing links, which means we get paid commission on sales of those products or services we write about and link to. Any affiliate coded click (or non coded if Direct Links are used) from our website to the product page or service we promote, are registered in their affiliate system (by browser cookie, HTML5 cookie, flash cookie, user agent and/or IP address). Cookies and tracking usually last for up to 30 days in the affiliate system.

Our content and writing are not influenced by advertisers or affiliate partnerships.

## Embedded content from other websites

Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.

These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.

## Children’s Privacy

We do not specifically market to anyone under the age of 13 years old (“Children”).

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## Changes To This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contacting Us

If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.

By email: contact@flstudiomusic.com  
By visiting this page on our website: <http://www.flstudiomusic.com/wiki#contact>
