> *The following text is extracted and transformed from the igames.org privacy policy that was archived on 2005-05-18. Please check the [original snapshot on the Wayback Machine](https://web.archive.org/web/20050518075138id_/http%3A//www.igames.org/privacy_policy.asp) for the most accurate reproduction.*

# Untitled Document

**iGames  
PRIVACY POLICY **

iGames is committed to honoring the privacy of our members and visitors. This Privacy Policy, part of our overall [Terms of Service](https://web.archive.org/tos.asp), describes exactly how iGames uses personally identifiable information regarding our members (such as name, address, and email addresses) (“ **Personal Information** ”) collected through the domain and sub-domains of [www.igames.org](http://www.igames.org/) (the “ **Site** ”) as part of the registration process or otherwise in connection with your use of the various services (the “ **Service** ”) offered by iGames through the Site. 

**What information does iGames receive and how do we use it?**  
_Registration Information_. When you become a member of iGames or register for various iGames services on the Site, we ask you for your name, contact information, preferences, and certain demographic information ( _i.e._ the country in which you live and, in case of individuals, your age). In addition, for game center members we ask for information about your game center, such as the number and type of gaming platforms. This information lets us provide personalized services and communicate separately with you. We also use aggregated information about the use of our Service to evaluate our users’ preferences and improve our programming.

Under the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, no web site operator can require, as a condition of participation in an activity, that a child under the age of 13 disclose more information than is reasonably necessary to participate in that activity. iGames abides by this requirement. 

_Events._ Game center members have the ability to initiate events, including tournaments, through the Service. In order to create such events through the Service, iGames requires Personal Information from the sponsoring game center. If gamer members wish to participate in such events, they will be required to provide certain Personal Information and may be asked to provide additional, optional, information. In addition, if the event is one for which iGames rankings are available (this is disclosed at the time of registration), iGames will collect the results of the event and incorporate them into the iGames rankings for the particular games. The rankings will indicate the relative standing of each participant for the particular game. 

_Promotions._ We may occasionally run optional contests, surveys or other special promotions on the Service in which we ask participants for Personal Information or demographic information (like a zip code, age or favorite video game). We may use the data we collect in these contests and promotions to send you promotional material about iGames or third parties. Your Personal Information collected from these contests and promotions may be used to contact you when necessary and may be shared with other companies for promotional purposes, but only under the terms and conditions specified when you take part in the promotion.

_IP Addresses and Cookies._ Like most websites, our server software gathers in log files general demographic information from all users of the Site. This includes browser types and versions, Windows versions, IP addresses, dates, times and referring domains. We use this information to help us understand our visitors’ needs and to improve the Service and the Site. We also use small bits of data called “cookies” stored on users’ computers to simulate a continuous connection. Cookies let us “remember” information about your preferences and passwords and allow you to move within the Service and the Site without reintroducing yourself. You can see and control cookies through settings in your browser. However, refusing to accept cookies may limit your ability to access certain portions of the Service or the Site and it will not allow you to log into the members only portion of the site. 

**Is the information I provide disclosed to third parties?** As a matter of policy, iGames does not sell or rent your Personal Information to any third party. However, the following describes some of the ways that your Personal Information may be disclosed and used:

_Technical Limits._ Due to technical limitations, iGames is unable to guarantee that your Personal Information will never be disclosed in ways not described in this Privacy Policy. For example, third parties (aka hackers) may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or abuse or misuse information that they collect from the Service or the Site. Therefore, although we use industry standard practices to protect your privacy, we do not promise, and you should not expect, that your Personal Information will always remain private. 

_Game Centers._ If you are a member gamer and you indicate, when registering or by updating your account information, that you have a “home game center” which is a member of iGames, then we will provide to that game center Personal Information about you so that such game center may contact you about its activities, promotions and other matters which they believe may be of interest to you. 

If you participate in an event sponsored by a particular game center member, your Personal Information will be provided to such game center in order to operate the event and report the results. That game center also may use your Personal Information to contact you about its other activities, promotions and other matters which they believe may be of interest to you. 

Each game center member has agreed that it may only use the Personal Information it receives from iGames in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy. However, iGames is unable to ensure that this will be the case. If you do not want to have your Personal Information provided to a game center, then do not designate a “home game center” and do not participate in game center sponsored events.

_Game Publishers, Advertisers, Etc._ We gather Personal Information and disclose such information in an aggregate (non-personally identifiable) manner to game publishers, advertisers and other third parties for marketing and promotional purposes and to enable these companies to understand the number and composition of the iGames members and their use of the Service. In these situations, we do not disclose to these entities any information that could be used to identify you personally. However, if you respond to ads provided by an advertiser they may assume that you fit a certain demographic profile based on the aggregate information provided to them. In addition, when you click on a banner ad, you should be aware that the advertiser may be collecting information from you.

iGames also may allow certain companies, called third-party ad servers or ad networks, to serve advertisements to you through the Service and the Site. These companies may send their own cookies to your cookie file, just as if you had requested a web page from the Site. If you want to prevent a third-party ad server from sending and reading cookies on your computer, you must adjust the settings for cookies in your browser. 

_Game Center Member Op- In._ During registration Game center members are provided the option to “Opt In” to having personal information shared with 3rd parties so that the 3rd parties may use your information to contact you about promotional materials, product information special offers, and other communications. The game center member must physically select to Opt-In either during the registration process or when updating their profile. If you wish to remove yourself from “Opt-In” you must deselect this option from your profile page. 

_Other iGames Service Users._ The Service enables users to send and receive electronic mail, and participate in forums or other discussion groups such as private chats via the Internet. Of course, if you elect to exchange messages and share information with others and participate in forums or discussion groups, iGames has no control over what these third parties do with this information. For this reason, iGames strongly recommends that you use care when disclosing personally identifiable information to others. 

_External Service Providers._ You may separately agree to provide information about yourself to other companies who provide content for various parts of the Service, in order to use their services, order their products, or receive offers from them. If you agree to provide information to these companies, that information will be subject to their privacy policies. iGames has no responsibility or liability for these independent policies. You should, therefore, review their privacy policies carefully if you have concerns about what information is collected and how it may be used.

_Internal Service Providers._ We may use internal service providers to facilitate and evaluate the Service. This may require disclosure of some of your Personal Information to these service providers. In some instances, the internal service provider may collect information directly from you. In all cases, these internal service providers’ use of your Personal Information is restricted by confidentiality agreements. 

Other Related Entities. From time to time we may provide information about you to our subsidiaries and other related entities in order to provide you the Service. Each of these entities will comply with the policies described in this Privacy Policy.

_Acquisition._ If the stock or assets of iGames, its subsidiaries, its joint ventures, or any combination of such, are acquired by another entity, then some or all of your Personal Information may be provided to such successor entity in connection with that transaction. 

_Legal Requests._ iGames may disclose your Personal Information to law enforcement and such other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate, in connection with an investigation or prosecution of alleged illegal activity. iGames also may disclose information about you pursuant to a court order in a civil action or other lawsuit. 

_Children’s Information._ Please note that parents have the option of allowing iGames to collect and use their child’s information without consenting to iGames sharing this information with people and companies who may use this information for their own purposes. 

**May I choose what information I disclose?** While we need certain information to register you as a unique user and let you access personalized services, other requested information is optional and may be given at your discretion. However, you may be unable to participate in optional services if you fail to provide certain requested information.

**May I choose what communications I receive?** We send out communications including an email newsletter, newsflashes and emails regarding events and programs to iGames members as part of the Service. You may cancel your iGames membership at any time and then you will no longer receive these communications.

**What kind of security is used to protect my information?** We store all Personal Information and other user information in secure databases protected using a variety of access controls. This data is accessed only for the purposes specified in this Privacy Policy. We limit access to Personal Information to only those employees, contractors and volunteers who need it to carry out their jobs. iGames personnel with access to Personal Information have been advised of the importance of maintaining the confidentiality of such information and of using it only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy.

Your Membership account and Personal Information on our Service is password-protected. We strongly recommend that you do not give your password to anyone and that you change it every 3 months. If you are using a public computer (public library, school computer, etc.) or a shared computer (family computer, roommate’s computer, etc.), we strongly recommend that you sign out of your iGames account and close your browser before getting up and moving away from the computer. This will prevent others from accessing your Membership account and Personal Information.

**What if I need to review or change the contact information I previously disclosed?** We encourage iGames members to update and edit their contact information and keep it current. You can easily correct or update contact and account information or delete optional information in the preferences menu at any time by using your login and password to access your iGames account. In addition, parents can review and edit information as well as delete optional information relating to their child’s iGames’ contact information, account information, and Membership through the same method. 

To delete required information, you may cancel your Membership but please understand, we also retain information in back-up storage for some period of time after your deletion request. This may be the case even though no information about your account remains in our active member databases.

**What about children’s information?** When a child under 13 years of age attempts to register with iGames, we ask that he or she have a parent or guardian consent to such registration. iGames will not contact children under age 13 about special offers or for marketing purposes without a parent’s permission. iGames does not ask a child under age 13 for more personal information, as a condition of participation, than is reasonably necessary to participate in a given activity or promotion. To protect children under 13, iGames will not allow the child to select a “home” game center (which provides the game center with the information collected during player registration). 

**Other information about privacy:**   
_Visitors from outside the United States:_ For those of you visiting us from outside the United States of America, please note that if you register or use the Service, the information you enter may be transferred outside of your country. By using the Service, you consent to this transfer and to the information usage described above. If you choose to access the Service or the Site from outside the United States of America, you take responsibility for compliance with applicable privacy laws of your country. 

_Notification of Change:_ iGames may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time. Any changes to this Privacy Policy will be posted on this page so that you always will know what information we collect, how it is used, and when and how it will be disclosed. If at any point iGames decides to use Personal Information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we may also notify affected users by way of an email sent to the email address which you have provided to us. Your use of the Service or the Site following notice of such change will be deemed acceptance of the revised Privacy Policy, which may include application of the new policy to Personal Information provided prior to the date of such change. 

**Who can I contact if I have any questions regarding my privacy?** Please contact us with any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy or the use of your Personal Information by iGames or any game center member directly at: 

**iGames, Inc**  
attn: Privacy Policy Administrator  
201 San Antonio Circle, Suite 250  
Mountain View, CA 94040  
[info@igames.org](mailto:info@igames.org)

**Effective Date:** This Privacy Policy is effective on October 22, 2004.
